===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jason Tremblay. Please go ahead.
Jason Tremblay: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2025 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Bruce Bodine, President and Chief Executive Officer. Jenny Wang, Executive Vice President, Commercial, will then cover the market update. Luciano Siani Pires, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review financial results and capital allocation progress. We will then open the floor for questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Bodine: Good morning, and thanks for joining our call. I'll start with our key messages for today. First, fertilizer fundamentals are compelling and prices are rising. Despite the uncertainty around global trade policies, fertilizer demand is very strong in every key growing region of the world. Second, we are making progress towards normalizing our phosphate production and operating cost, and we are on track to deliver stronger results this year and beyond. Third, Mosaic's industry-leading market access is enabling us to benefit from strong markets and grow in new ways. You can see plenty of evidence of this important strategic advantage. Our business in Brazil is performing exceptionally well. We have increased our potash production outlook to meet demand around the world, and our Mosaic Biosciences business continues to grow at a brisk rate. And finally, our work to shed non-core assets and reallocate capital is continuing to take shape. To cover our first quarter results, net income was $238 million and adjusted EBITDA came in at $544 million. The quarter's results underscore very strong phosphate prices, improving potash prices and excellent performance in the Mosaic Fertilizantes segment. And remember, the first quarter is traditionally our seasonally slowest quarter of the year. We expect earnings to improve further from our strong start to 2025. Let's take a few minutes to review market fundamentals at a high level as well as our progress towards our operating goals. Jenny will go deeper into the markets, and Luciano will discuss financial results, financial strategy and our capital reallocation journey. Our market outlook remains positive. Ag commodity fundamentals and fertilizer demand are solid around the world. With sustained supply constraints in phosphate, prices and stripping margins remain elevated compared to historical norms. And with supply reductions from several major potash producers as well as robust demand, potash prices are rising. In fact, first quarter realized prices of $623 per ton for phosphate and $223 per ton for potash exceeded our guidance ranges. The strong performance of Mosaic Fertilizantes was also helped by the realization of higher prices. It is no secret that global trade conflicts and other geopolitical forces have intensified in the past few months. As we continue to monitor the latest developments and evaluate the impact especially in the U.S. agriculture sector, we believe we are well positioned to navigate these dynamics. Our expansive market access, especially our strong presence and long history of operating in Brazil, and our supply chain agility will prove to be important strategic advantages as we navigate shifting trade flows. While trade continues to grab headlines, I can't emphasize enough that Mosaic is built for the long haul. The long-term market fundamentals and operating backdrop remain constructive. For example, biofuel mandates around the world continue to advance and that growth is expected to contribute significantly to global grain and oilseed demand. We are seeing this play out in Brazil with increasing ethanol usage. And as a result, corn growers are enjoying both improving profitability and fertilizer affordability. Phosphate demand is also driven by rising lithium iron phosphate production in China, which grew 55% in just the first quarter of this year and continues to limit the amount of phosphate available for export. As a result, the phosphate market remains tight, and while tariffs could disrupt trade flows, they cannot create more phosphate supply. Now let's move on to the progress we are making toward normalizing production and costs. Improving our asset reliability and being disciplined in our cost management remain our key focus areas. In potash, the Esterhazy complex continues to generate strong cash flow across the commodity cycle. It clearly benefits us to produce every ton we can at Esterhazy, and we are investing to do just that. We expect to complete the 400,000 ton per year hydrofloat project soon. It is expected to increase our production volumes from Esterhazy and improve our product mix flexibility, allowing us to maximize our netbacks while driving our per ton costs lower. We are on track to achieve our production cost per ton target this year. In phosphate, we produced 1.4 million tons in the first quarter of 2025. The Bartow and New Wales plants experienced substantial downtime for planned turnaround and other reliability improving work during the quarter. That said, March was the third strongest production month in the past 18 months, and we are maintaining our 2025 production volume outlook in the 7.2 million to 7.6 million ton range. As production improves throughout the year, our conversion cash cost per ton is expected to decline. Mosaic Fertilizantes delivered a very strong operating performance in the first quarter, with conversion and production unit costs declining year-over-year. As cost measures yield further benefits, we expect to achieve our full-year unit cost targets. In fact, we expect further improvements in segment profitability in the second quarter. Now let's move on to talk about how we are leveraging our market access to redefine growth. While operating initiatives will drive significant value creation in the near-term, Mosaic also has substantial opportunities beyond the near-term to grow in new markets with new products and from new sources. Our expansive Brazil footprint positions us well for growth and to navigate the current geopolitical tensions. Our Mosaic Fertilizantes volumes returned to year-over-year growth in the first quarter. And with our new Palmeirante blend plant expected to be complete in July, we expect further growth in the remainder of the year. In fact, we have already sold over 50% of the additional tons that are expected from the Palmeirante facility this year. I should also mention that the operating environment is compelling. With the current good farm economics, we now expect approximately 15% sales volume growth this year. Mosaic Biosciences had a strong quarter with revenue more than doubling over the prior year and on track to double for the full-year, driven by surging sales for our existing products and new product launches in our key markets. Late last month, Mosaic Biosciences brought Neptunion to the market in China. Neptunion is a biostimulant that helps crops address abiotic pressures such as drought, salinity and heat by adding stress resistant properties into water soluble fertilizers. Neptunion is currently in the registration process in India and Brazil. We are succeeding at engaging growers around the world and demonstrating through extensive field trials that our biological products deliver meaningful yield and value benefits. Moving on to our portfolio review and cash return focused initiatives. You saw the list of assets we shared at our Investor Day in March. Clearly, we have significant potential for future monetization. The conclusion of the modern transaction gave us a transparent value for our investment, which is about $1.5 billion as of today. We announced the Patos De Minas sale earlier this year. Our pursuit of strategic alternatives for our potash mine in Carlsbad, New Mexico is proceeding well, and we continue to assess the performance of assets such as Airshow, Patrocinio and Taquari in Brazil. Finally, let me spend a moment addressing capital allocation and capital return to shareholders. Free cash flow generation was constrained by typical working capital seasonality in the first quarter. We continue to expect CapEx of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion this year, and we anticipate free cash flow conversion will improve in the remainder of the year. Our commitment to return excess capital to shareholders is unchanged. Now Jenny will provide a more in-depth update of agriculture and fertilizer markets.
Jenny Wang: Thank you, Bruce. Ag fundamentals continue to be robust despite significant uncertainties in the market due to global trade policies. Prices for the most important ag commodities while volatile has moved broadly sideways for the past six months and remains supportive to demand as grower worldwide remain incentivized to push yields higher, as global stock-to-use ratio remains multi-decade low. It is also important to note that global ag commodity demand tends to be less impacted by global macroeconomic fluctuations. The North American spring season is expected to see typical demand for both P&K with limited channel inventory remaining when pumping wraps up in the next couple of weeks. We are watching the potential for demand to face some headwinds in the second half of this year due to more challenging fertilizer affordability, driven by lower ag commodity prices in the U.S. as [green] and oversees importers like China have shifted their buying to other exporters. However, any harmful impact to the U.S. grower profitability stemming from tariffs and the trade flow shifts are likely to endure to the benefit of Brazilian growers. For example, China increasing purchases of Brazilian soybeans as opposed to U.S. soybeans. In fact, Brazilian grower economics are quite constructive despite the general weakness in global soybean prices. We have long talked about the natural hedge of market access across key agricultural regions guided by Mosaic's operating model in situations just like this. Growers in Brazil are enjoying a commodity prices at a meaningful premium to price defaulted in Chicago. As such, fertilizer shipments into Brazil are expected to set another record with total NPNK shipments likely to exceed 47 million ton. Shipments were a bit under 46 million tons in 2023 and 2024. Purchases of P&K for the upcoming tougher season are running 10% higher than a year ago. And elsewhere in the world, grower economics also look compelling. Domestic agriculture is saying additional focus and support in many smaller and mid-scale producing countries with their eye towards insulating food security from volatile, geopolitical and trade environment. Now a couple of examples. Palm oil producer economics are solid on low inventories driven by continued robust domestic and export demand. Indian pharma returns are also solid, given supportive government policies and domestic ag product prices. And after 2024, a year in which Indian farmers were left with low phosphate fertilizer supply availability due to an insufficient subsidy program the keep import volumes subdued. The Indian government has this year stepped forward with more supportive policy proposition positions. We believe under this more supportive environment that India will see phosphate demand return to a more historically normal input level of 6.4 million tons, up 40% year-over-year. While demand for P&K appears well supported, the price continue to look tight. For phosphate, Chinese export of DAP and MAP remains subdued and are not expected to return with any significance in Q2. As has been the case in recent years, strong domestic fertilizer demand and the diversion of phosphate molecules into industrial uses, like LFP continues to provide a structure change in the availability of Chinese high-analysis phosphate fertilizer exports. As Bruce mentioned, regarding LFP, production was up 50% year-on-year in Q1. In potash, we have seen production expectations tick lower in 2025 from some key suppliers like Russia, China and Chile, were questions about sustainability of higher production from [indiscernible] also persist. Exports from Belarus were on the higher end of the expectations in Q1. So we are watching for the supply impact from announced the maintenance there to be realized in Q2. From a pricing standpoint, we believe that both P&K will continue to find support at current levels. In fact, we don't anticipate a meaningful summer field reset if any, in the U.S. market. On the raw materials front, software remains firm. With the latest the spot prices, suggesting prices may stay elevated for a longer duration. We expect sulfur prices will normalize by end of the year. Conversely, ammonia supply is ramping and prices continue to shift lower. With this backdrop, phosphates benchmarks rooting margins are expected to remain elevated. In summary, our commodity, phosphate and potash market fundamentals remain compelling, and the Mosaic expects manageable impact from government and trade policies. Now I'm turning the call to Luciano.
Luciano Siani Pires: Thank you, Jenny. First, some housekeeping. You will notice that we added cost per ton metrics to our release. We reconciliation tables to U.S. GAAP metrics at the end. We intend to track and discuss closely with you our progress in those metrics going forward. Now on to the performance. As you can see by the numbers, our phosphate and potash segments outperformed in realized sales prices compared to our own guidance given in the last earnings call. I guess there's no surprises here as you're certainly following the tight supply and demand situation, the recent upward trend in prices. And in Q1, we were conducting the maintenance and reliability improvement projects in our facilities to support increasing volumes for the future and that impacted costs. So in the phosphates segment, starting by the mines, United States blended rock costs per ton was low, $77 in the first quarter. Hurricanes well behind us. We had very strong mining output in Q1, and this is continuing. So these lower rock costs, they will work through inventory and will reflect favorably in our financial results in the next few quarters. The cash conversion cost per ton was $134. That increase was caused by lower production volumes and higher operating expenses to restore asset reliability, by design and widely communicated. Going forward, we expect to drive costs down towards our range of $95 to $100 run rate. By year-end, as production output improves throughout the rest of the year. For the potash segment, again on the cost front, the production cash cost per ton was $78, up from $72 per ton in the prior year quarter. During the quarter, we curtailed production in response to the cold weathers in Saskatchewan, railways could not move the products, our finished product warehouses were full. We could not keep producing, so we had to stop production. And we also pull forward repair and maintenance work during this downtime. So between decisional work and the lower fixed cost absorption, the production cash cost per ton was higher year-over-year. Looking to the remainder of the year, we expect those unit production costs to decline, reaping the benefits of the hydrofloat project. We are still very much on track to achieve our target of $64 to $69 per toe. On Mosaic Fertilizantes, our Brazilian business, the improvement story is already developing. We communicated you will remember in our last earnings call that adjusted EBITDA would have an uplift in Q1 because in Q4, it was impacted by a $35 million negative effect from foreign exchange variations. That is exactly what happened. Adjusted EBITDA came in at $122 million despite still having a negative FX effect on payables and currency hedges of $18 million. So last quarter, $35 million this quarter $18 million, but still there. The cost performance continued strong. In Q1, mining costs continued to decline mostly due to the new mine plan in Patrocinio and better performance in Cajati since last year, and that allowed us to stop importing expensive rock. Conversion costs stayed somewhat flat compared to Q4, which was already substantially lower than prior quarters. So we're good here. Looking forward to Q2, results will come in much stronger. Why is that? First, seasonality. If sales increased by 30%, for example, as we saw in 2024, distribution margins returned to normalized $30 to $40 range. Remember, in Q1, it was more into the $20 to $30. And if the FX hit reduces further, presuming the FX remains stable. It's very reasonable to expect that Q2 EBITDA for Fertilizantes will be above $150 million. I can walk you through the math in the Q&A if you want. Now moving on to SG&A and our progress on the overall $150 million cost savings target. Compared to a year ago, SG&A had about a $16 million negative variance in the quarter, primarily due to revaluation of some outstanding incentive programs. The share price increase, we had to record this non-cash expense. Other than that, core SG&A declined, albeit at a slower pace. SG&A reduction should accelerate in Q3 once we start automating a lot of activities following the introduction of our new software platforms that we discussed during our Investor Day in March. And thus, we expect SG&A to be down for the full-year. All in, we've achieved about 60% or US$90 million of the $150 million in annual cost savings target. Remember, this $150 million, it's a run rate cost savings. When compared and that is compared to the 2023 baseline. Half of these $90 million savings were contributed by Mosaic Fertilizantes. And within that, about $20 million was a result of consuming a higher volume of internally produced rock that we mentioned before. So $45 million from Mosaic Fertilizantes, out of which $20 million from better rock sourcing versus imported. The other half of the $90 million savings was a result of lower SG&A compared to the 2023 baseline. On to cash flows. Well, with the improving pricing environment and outlook, our expectations for cash flow generation is increasing. In Q1, cash flows were subdued mostly in light of the seasonal increase of approximately $160 million in inventories, that number you can read on the balance sheet, which happened preparing for an increased sales in Q2 and Q3. So that's typical for Q1. Another typical Q1 outflow search, for example, is taxes and profit sharing. Going forward through year-end, under our current market outlook, we expect to see a strong improvement in quarterly cash flows due to seasonally stronger demand and the drawdown of inventories. But still, we expect our working capital to end the year approximately $150 million above Q4 2024, driven primarily by the strong increase in the overall level of sales in Brazil. And also because of higher prices of raw materials, mainly sulfur. So although cash flow outlook for 2025 is good, it will be impacted by those factors. Finally, a note on our capital reallocation program. The discussion with counterparties on the non-core potash assets, Carlsbad and Taquari have really accelerated. We have communicated very long ago, our desire for our strategic solution for Carlsbad and now we can firmly say that Taquari is in the same bucket, especially in light of the capital requirements going forward. These investments are not the best allocation of our capital in our portfolio, so we better let someone come in and take them. Bruce, back to you.
Bruce Bodine: Thank you, Luciano. To summarize, Mosaic delivered a solid quarter, and our outlook for 2025 is positive with our improving operational performance, lower cost profiles and excellent financial foundation Mosaic is well positioned to benefit from the strong market conditions we see ahead and to navigate effectively in the ever-changing geopolitical landscape. Now operator, we would like to take questions from the audience.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Chris Parkinson with Wolf Research. Please go ahead.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you. Bruce, something tells me you already know what question I'm going to ask. But if we stood at in your boardroom during the first quarter, how do you have adequate fully assessed yourself when it came to Bartow, New Wales and kind of getting into Riverview and Louisiana? What would be the same answer as you stand here today, mid-2Q? And generally, what are the puts and takes for the second half when you think about kind of finally getting to the end of what has been a multi-year journey? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Hey, Chris. Thanks for your question. I apologize to everyone. I've come down a little bit of cold, so bare with my voice. I think we would have been in a similar position, Chris, today versus what we said now. There have been some puts and takes as we went into what we knew and had talked about a lot going into this turnaround season in quarter one. We knew it was going to be heavy at New Wales and Bartow. That turned out to be the case. And as always, when you get into equipment, you have some discoverables at New Wales, we had some brick work in a reactor and phosphoric acid that was unanticipated that took a couple of extra days from a turnaround standpoint. We're also doing some reliability enhancement projects, as we talked about as well in our Analyst Day. And those are paying off as well. And part of those are in gyp handling, particularly at New Wales. We did our first train of replacing our Gypsum handling system there, had some commissioning issues as they being the first of three that we're going to do. And those were a little more of a struggle than we hoped. But the good news is the benefits there have paid off. We're seeing at target rates at New Wales now. We're seeing at target rates at Bartow now. And then we've accelerated some of the additional gyp handling work at New Wales more into the first half. So first half, you may see a little more on the reliability side for improvements that we're going to do a little bit more downtime. But really, what we're doing is after the learnings of the first train we did at New Wales, we're just going to apply that to the other two trains and really just insulate the back half of the year's performance. So we're very optimistic about what we're seeing. As you said, Chris, a couple of puts and takes, but we're seeing the results pay off on all of the hard work. And again, accelerating some of the work that we have under our control to just get through this cycle even that much faster and that much better going into the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Symonds with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. David Symonds, your line has been unmuted. You may proceed with your question. It seems we’re not receiving a response from David at this moment. We will proceed to the next question, which will be from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thank very much. In the light of tariffs of material into the United States, are your ammonia costs rising? Or are there ways that you can work to keep them under better control?
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. And I know there's been some reports on things in the last couple of days, but our purchases as of now, have not incurred any tariff impacts. And to say that, that would be the case in going forward in permanency, I don't know, but ammonia is exempt in the United States, and that's where we have most of our supply coming from with our contracts in CF, particularly. And then we are seeing good production out of our own assets in Louisiana. And we don't expect much over 20%, if not less than 20% exposure to any market forces anyways, given the product mix of our ammonia. So heavy on our supply contracts, strategic supply contracts, which to date, we're not seeing tariff impacts. And heavy where we can on our own production, tariff-free. And then exposure is pretty low on the rest of our product needs, Jeff, and like I said, to date, we haven't seen tariff impacts.
Operator: The next question comes from David Symonds with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
David Symonds: Hi, guys. Can you hear me now? Hello?
Bruce Bodine: Yes, we can hear you.
David Symonds: Hello?
Operator: David, you are audible. You may proceed with your question.
Bruce Bodine: Okay, brilliant. Sorry about that. We're having some tech issues on this side. I had a couple more on phosphates, please. So the first one on DAP prices. So if I look at market prices and then look at the range that you're stating, it looks like you could be being conservative there, I would estimate. So – maybe you could talk about price realization in April? And if there's any reason that you wouldn't be right at the top end of that range that you've given for the realized DAP prices? And then the second question, so I hear you on maintenance cost. But if I look at the absolute costs in phosphate, it was up $20 million year-on-year, and that's with production lower. And also the idle and turnaround cost line that you give was also lower year-on-year. So just some more color on that would be good. Is there some maintenance cost that is outside of that idle and turnaround line? Thanks a lot.
Luciano Siani Pires: Hey, David, thank you. Let me start with your last question. So our costs on a per cost basis per ton basis, mostly fixed cost absorption, a big impact to that given the heavy turnaround activity. But yes, we've had some extraordinary maintenance costs that don't anticipate being reoccurring as we continue to invest in getting reliability back up with a full focus on that. Would the DAP price, let me actually just turn it over to Jenny and talk about that.
Jenny Wang: Sure. On DAP prices, I think you're right, David, that the market has been really keeping the resilience for the DAP market, DAP prices. Our realized April DAP prices are actually higher than the high end of the range. We anticipated, the market is going to keep the strength for the remaining of the quarter, and you might be right. We probably would see some upside on the prices for the tons we haven't realized for the remaining of the quarter. And once again, we do not anticipate any price reset post the spring season in North America and the prices in the rest of the world, as you can see, it's pretty much at parity at $700 level. We foresee this price is going to stay? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine: Let me add, David, on this cost thing. We do anticipate once we get back – as we said in Analyst Day, to our 2 million ton run rate in the back half of the year. And Luciano talked about this in the opening comments as well. Conversion costs will be in that $95 to $100 range. So we're confident in that. And as we get through these next few months of extraordinary activities, that's what you should expect.
Operator: We have Joel Jackson with BMO with the next question. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously, the potash market is nice. It's rising. Things are good, demand driven. Jenny and the rest of the team, I thought some of your comments are interesting. I also have been following the Belarusian shipments and exports. You talked about, let's wait to see if Q2 shipments come down because Q1 was so good, but we know overnight, Jenny, right? That we saw Belarus exports be, I think 1.1 million tons in April, so even higher. It doesn't seem to have any kind of supply issues. So as you think about strategy wise here with [Capitex], are you wondering if maybe there are no Belarusian maintenance cuts, so it's coming later? I mean you're raising your volume, but it seems like this has been not really a supply decreased here. What do you think?
Bruce Bodine: Joel, let me just turn it over to Jenny. You are asking her specifically, so I'll let her answer it.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Joel, I think we agree with you specifically on Belarusian’s MLP export. We have not seen a shipment reduction as what they announced as a part of the maintenance and the production cut or whatever. However, we have seen production cut that is coming out of China, and we also have seen the announcement from Chile SQM on their repurpose of their potash production. So to answer your question, have we seen shipment reduction for the first of four months, especially for the first quarter? Yes. We have seen import reduction in China, which is the largest market for potash for the first quarter down by 7% and which added to the lower production of domestic production. The inventory in China is coming to a very, very low inventory at port less than 2 million tons, which is the 30% lower than the same time of last year. And in country inventory for local producers as they reported was also down by 30%. So the low inventory in situation is a result of reduced reduction from the major producers for that region. So I would also want to add to with this reduced shipment of domestic reduction in China and also reduced the shipment of multiple international suppliers into China. China’s in a very critical low inventory situation for potash, which set very well for the coming contract negotiation. I will stop here. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kristen Owen with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Kristen Owen: Hi, thank you for the question. Sort of a follow-up but more closer to home. Just can you give us an update on the cadence of your cost of production for potash as you go through the year? You noted some of the headwinds in Q1. But given the volume update and your maintained target, just wondering how we should think about the cadence of cash cost of production of potash? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks, Kristen. Really, just to reiterate, Q1 was a little bit of a product mix issue as well as Belle Plaine was more impacted to these weather constraints that we had caused them to curtail some of their production. Belle Plaine being one of our lowest-cost producers. Now that Belle Plaine is back up and running full, fluidity of the supply chain is good. We continue to make good progress on the Esterhazy hydrofloat project, adding 400,000 tons in the back half of the year at that run rate. We do expect cost per ton to dramatically improve as we go from quarter two to quarter three to quarter four as those low-cost tons at Esterhazy come more into the marketplace. So Luciano, do you have a little bit more you want to talk about?
Luciano Siani Pires: Sorry, it was with the mic muted. I will repeat. I was saying that the achievement of the target range could come as early as Q2 if we deliver what's in the plan. So we're positive on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just provide some thoughts on, I guess, Mosaic role and how the S&D plays out over the next, say, like six to 12 months as production improves. Does that impact the market balances and pricing? I know Jenny, you said that the U.S. summer prices are unlikely to reset. But I'm assuming there's a lot of the production that Mosaic is producing would go to the domestic market. So I'm just curious how that plays out. Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. We provided some new graphics in our earnings deck this time to kind of talk about how we see supply and demand growth in each of the two major commodities, phosphate and potash. So there is some detail there. But generally, when you look at phosphate, as we see our production rise in the back half of the year, which we are already anticipating in our kind of supply adds from 2024 to 2025. When you look over on the intersection of supply and demand, you still see pretty much supply constraints. So right now, we would say, and I'll let Jenny talk about it in more detail that demand is constrained by supply, particularly in phosphates. So adding that little bit of additional production, from Mosaic in the back half of the year. As we anticipate that, we see it still being very constructive to tight on the supply and demand balance. So Jenny, anything to add?
Jenny Wang: Sure. I think, Andrew, your question probably more towards to phosphate. I would just simply say the demand in India, the pent-up demand in India is going to consume any operational improvement and also the recovery of production from [indiscernible]. So meaning the improvement from Mosaic and some of our peers in North America market plus recovery in a previous [indiscernible] production site will only be able to support the demand issues in India. So to give you some specifics, India demand was down last year on DAP. And their government has realized that this is an issue. And with the latest policy support, they will need to buy 2 million tons for the coming Kharif season, and that season they only got 300,000 tons. With their agreement with OCP that demand cannot be unmet but only source of Marco. So to your questions on the movement of product between North America, which is our home market and other markets, overall phosphate market is global market. As we know, for over 40% of the demand is actually in the market which are subsidized by the government. There is no affordability issues. And when that comes to the non-subsidized market, especially in Americas, we might see some demand challenges for the second half of the year for North America, which is going to be well offset by the demand in Brazil. As we mentioned earlier, the farm economics there are very different than U.S. So overall, the market are going to be tight. Mosaic, we might make some movement of the product between the U.S., the whole market and the rest of the world if it is needed. In fact, as we are watching very closely on the affordability issues of phosphate in the U.S. market. And as we are ramping up spring season, and we saw the customers might delay their purchases for the same concerns that we have. And the fact is that over the last week, we started to have major customers in the U.S. came forward to buy their summer fuel phosphate at today's price. So we're watching the affordability issues. The market is really tight. Eventually, phosphate tons just like any other products. The price is going to really define where it can be used as the best to use. And we believe the shipping margin price will stay elevated, given even with the headwinds.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. You have these 15-year supply and demand charts for phosphate and potash that are in your slide deck that are very interesting particularly the phosphate chart that looks a bit unsustainable here with what you're projecting for a fourth year of a meaningful price rationing demand. Is there potential that global demand has really more stabilized versus what you're projecting here? Or do you think that this deficit could drive a yield drag globally this year? Or is this driving demand for your biologicals to release the insoluble phosphate in the soil?
Bruce Bodine: Steve, really always appreciate the question. I think it's a combination that I think our biologics for sure, help in this regard to get more. But I'm going to turn it to Jenny and just let her talk a little bit more about it.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Steve, I think we share the same view as you are. If you look at the overall shipment of phosphate over the last couple of years, that has been an issue. The world would need more phosphate in order to support yield increases or yield level. And the fact, if you look at the yield increases over the last four, five years, has really slowed down versus the trained level and that is a reflection. Potentially a major contributor was really the lower phosphate application around the globe. And also, I appreciate that you pointed out how biologicals can help in this kind of situation, which basically help farmers to maximize or improve the efficiency for the investments they made on phosphate. And it's even more meaningful today at the price level that we all believe it is a relatively high level for the farmers. By investing in biologicals to maximize their investment in this higher-priced phosphate was really the point that we're communicating with the farmers, both in North America and also in Brazil. And we foresee this biological product will bring the benefit to the farmers not only increase the yield, but also help them to improve their ROI return on investment.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. I appreciate the comments on the working capital in terms of cash flow. Are there any other line items in cash flow from operations that are going to be material deviations, either headwinds or tailwinds this year versus last year? And is it possible to talk about what you think your free cash flow conversion of EBITDA in a percentage terms and a range might be this year?
Bruce Bodine: Vincent, I'm going to turn this straight over to Luciano.
Luciano Siani Pires: Vincent, I don't anticipate any, I would say, normal components in cash flow for this year. And because the cash conversion was low last year, pretty much every additional ton of – every additional dollar of EBITDA should flow after tax towards cash flows, absent the working capital increase that we gave. We're going to be – I'm not going to give you let's say, a precise number for cash flow conversion. But I think with this directionally, you should be able to model it based on that assumption. So every incremental EBITDA that you forecast for this year absent the $150 million working capital increase for Brazil should flow after taxes towards cash flows. I'd like to take this opportunity to correct the information that I gave a little ago. I said that potash costs should converge into the range already in Q2. I was looking at the wrong column. I'm sorry for that. It should be in range for the second half, so Q3 and Q4, that's the same thing for phosphates as well. Just given that color, Q3 and Q4 should be in range. When you look at the full-year, the full-year for potash should be in range. The full-year for phosphates should be a little over range, the target range just because the Q1 number was so high.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Ben Isaacson: Thank you very much and good morning, everyone. I'd just like to go back to the Analyst Day and just asked a question on Mosaic Biosciences. So you're targeting $70 million of revenue this year, profitability into Q4. And then in five years from now, $200 million of EBITDA. Can you talk about the shape of that EBITDA growth? What do the margins look like? And what's the plan with this business? I mean you don't want a commodity multiple to smother it. So is the intention to spin it off eventually? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Ben, thank you. I'm going to let Jenny take most of this question, but we're seeing good results out of the Bioscience. And as you said, we do – and what we said in our opening comments anticipate good revenues as we laid out and continuing to grow over the five-year period as we laid out in Analyst Day as well. We actually think there might be even additional upside to those numbers. But let me get over to Jenny and let her talk about some of the more specifics.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Thank you, Ben, for the questions. I can provide you a little bit more color on our bioscience growth projection. So the growth in the future, including today, are coming from two different types of products. One is our own products. The products that we invested in a discovery, and we are – we did our own product development in the field, and we got our own registration. So this is our Mosaic's own product. For this type of product, our gross margin is around 60%, 6-0. In the meantime, at this time, as we are going through product development and the regulatory approval for the products that we haven't really got registration, it takes two to three years depending on countries. In this situation, we are also selling third-party products we call licensed in product. For this product, the gross margin are lower, it's somewhere between 30% to 40%. Going forward, we are going to have major new product introductions in all major markets, as we talked about at Analyst Day by leveraging our market access over the next few years after we get the product registration and so that we can more aggressively grow the products from our own portfolio. So that's basically the story for our Bioscience. As you can expect that we're going to disclose more going forward on our new product introduction of our new product administration, and Neptunion launch last month in China, it's just a starting point. Thanks.
Bruce Bodine: But, Ben, we see this very complementary to the rest of our business with the plant in Crop Nutrition, adding soil health to this. We do expect as EBITDA continues to grow to meaningful numbers that maybe we do benefit from some parts valuation. And this is something we're looking forward to and continue to discuss as that business continues to accelerate and grow over the near future.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Garchitorena with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Garchitorena: Great. Thank you. So maybe we can turn to Brazil, Luciano. If we can dig into the EBITDA upside you were talking about for the second quarter, maybe what's driving that potential $150 million I noticed production volumes – or sorry, sales volumes that fills out for the first quarter were up 8%. So I would expect a meaningful increase to that to get to the 15% full-year increase. And then also just maybe if you had any color on, has things really improved in terms of sentiment since the beginning of the year. Obviously, a lot of trade concerns and improved that beneficiary mainly being Brazil. What were your expectations for volumes at the start of the year versus today? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Richard, for your question. Let me just turn it over to Luciano to address first half. And then if Jenny's got commentary on some of the back half question, let her take it.
Luciano Siani Pires: Yes. Well, thanks. So the main concept here is that Q1 in Fertilizantes was mostly driven by our production business. Really, the distribution part of it didn't kick in, and it will kick in approximately 300,000 tons were sold from our own production and 1.5 million from distribution. If you multiply 1.5 million by, let's say, $24 per ton of distribution margin, you get to a $36 million EBITDA in distribution, less the foreign exchange impact, you get to $18 million. So out of the $122 million, only $18 million was distribution. So by the same token, if you, for example, assume that sales and distribution are going to go from 1.5 to 2.1. If you multiply it by something in the mid-$30 to $40. And if you remove still another FX impact from 5 to 10, you get to about US$55 million. So if you add this to the performance of the production business in the first quarter, which was $100 million. That puts a floor of about $150 million for the performance in Q2. But remember also the production business will also increase sales in Q2. So therefore, that's why we're very confident that the 150 is – might be a conservative estimate for the performance in Q2.
Bruce Bodine: Jenny, anything to add on the market?
Jenny Wang: Yes, probably add a little bit on the market. We are expecting Brazil market to grow this year. It is partially also because of the increased acreage from both corn and soybean. And as we mentioned earlier, trade flow change has really benefited the Brazilian farmers. We are seeing this growth of the market. For Mosaic's volume growth, as we projected for the rest of the year, it is really coming from – partially its the market growth, partially it's really our penetration into the new regions where we didn't really participate in the past, meaning on northern part of the region, with Palmeirante going to up and running from July onwards. We are ready to really capture the growth in that part of the region. That gives us the opportunity to grow and also to capture higher share in the market. Lastly, I would say the headwinds in Brazil market are related to the credit issues and also some of the high interest rate environment. It is still a challenge for the market. And we've been very diligent and disciplined in managing our credit risk as we operate and grow in that market.
Operator: We have our next question from Lucas Beaumont with UBS. Please go ahead.
Lucas Beaumont: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify on the phosphate volume production outlook. So you kept your target unchanged there. But with where your first half guidance is in that sort of 3.3 million ton range, you need to kind of hit 2 million tons or higher just to get to the bottom of the annual range in the second half. So I was just wondering, does that mean now you're probably pointing towards the low end of that range? Or do you think you can even get above 2 million tons a quarter in the second half to kind of still be either in the middle or at the upper end of the range there? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine: Lucas, thanks. Yes, I know that you're putting single points together. But our overall annual guidance still is 7.2 million to 7.6 million tons for phosphate. And I think as we've talked about our quarterly kind of range, 1.8 million to 2.2 million tons, I think there is upside to the two based on capability at our facilities. So point for me is that we are feeling very good about the work that's been done, the demonstration of capacity that we're seeing post some of these reliability improvement projects that we know that have been hanging on us as we've tried to step on the accelerator into 2025 and late 2024, and that we do feel good about full capacity output in the back half of the year. So again, we still feel good about the 7.2 million to 7.4 million ton range. And not willing to say that we're coming down to the low end of that by any means.
Operator: The next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is for Bruce and Jenny, I guess. I mean, I know it's hard to do, but given the near-term and medium-term dynamics of the respective industries if you have to choose between P&K, which one would you allocate more capital CapEx to right now?
Bruce Bodine: Edlain, way to finish the call. I appreciate the question. That is a tough one because we do foresee stripping margins being protracted at a high level for phosphate. I think as we talked about in the Analyst Day, we still see very constructive on potash. And over the five-year period, I don't know what long-term, medium-term range you're thinking about, but let's just use a five-year kind of outlook. A lot of it, if I were to have a crystal ball and could think about it would be how fast and how lumpy does some of the new supply come on in potash. But we're feeling pretty good about the stripping margins in phosphates. At the end of the day, though, however, the EBITDA to cash conversion in potash is better than it is in phosphate, just because of the large CapEx demands that, that business has with gypsum stacks, clay settling areas and just the cost to maintain those facilities. So it is a catch 22. I think we're happy with both children right now, and we're going to continue to invest appropriately in both. And I know that doesn't give you the right answer, but or – one P or K answer. But it always depends, and it depends on structure, it depends on what's going on in the market. But we feel pretty good about both. And we're going to continue to do the right things and swing CapEx and investment a little bit here or there depending on how things sharpen up from a clarity standpoint, over the next one, three, five years. So I'll leave it at that.
Luciano Siani Pires: If I might just – just for the thinking about it, the operating leverage in phosphates is huge precisely because it consumes more capital, but also in upturns of the cycle, it tends to surprise on the upside in terms of cash flow generation. So bear this in mind.
Bruce Bodine: Operator, I think we are ready to close.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bruce Bodine for any closing remarks.
Bruce Bodine: Well, thanks, everyone. I'd like to close our call by reiterating our key messages. First, ag and fertilizer markets are strong and prices for our products are rising. We expect good business conditions to persist through the remainder of the year. Second, we are making strides on our work to improve phosphate asset reliability and production, and we are on track to deliver better production numbers this year. Third, our market access is a significant strategic advantage. And it is enabling us to benefit from the strong markets and grow in new ways. For example, we've built a powerful franchise in Brazil, and it is now performing exceptionally well. And our Bioscience business is growing faster than others because we have distribution access. And finally, we continue to make progress in our efforts to reclaim underperforming capital so that we can redeploy in pursuit of higher shareholder returns. All-in-all, Mosaic is performing well across our businesses and geographies, and we are in excellent position to continue to benefit from the compelling market conditions we expect over the near and medium-term. So thank you for joining the call today, and have a great safe day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jason Tremblay. Please go ahead.
Jason Tremblay: Thank you. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Bruce Bodine, President and Chief Executive Officer. Jenny Wang, Executive Vice President Commercial, will then cover the market update. Luciano Ciani Perez, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review financial results and capital allocation progress. We will then open the floor for questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Bodine: Good morning, and thanks for joining our call. I'd like to start by welcoming Luciano to his first call as Mosaic's CFO. We've known him for a long time through his service on Mosaic's board. We are taking a different approach this quarter. During this first part of our call, I'll cover our high-level business performance and strategic progress, then Jenny Wang will give you an update on the markets, followed by Luciano providing more context on our financial performance and capital allocation strategy. After that, we'll take your questions. I'll start with our key messages for today. First, agriculture markets have improved, and we expect constructive ag and fertilizer fundamentals in 2025. Second, at Mosaic, we are making operational and strategic progress, and the business is positioned well to benefit from good markets this year. Finally, our work to shed non-core assets and reallocate capital is taking shape. To cover the numbers, fourth-quarter net income was $169 million, and adjusted EBITDA came in at $594 million. We saw strong phosphate prices and stripping margins, solid potash performance despite low prices, and excellent underlying business performance in Brazil. In potash, the Esterhazy complex, which is the world's largest potash mine and among the most efficient, continues to generate strong cash flow across the commodity cycle, and we are continuing to optimize it. Our Belle Plaine potash mine delivered a 100% operating rate and record production in 2024. We resolved the electrical issues we experienced in the third quarter, and we are operating at full milling and hoisting capacity now, which will let us continue to drive costs down. It clearly benefits us to produce every ton we can at Esterhazy, and we're investing to do just that. Last year, we finished a project to increase our compaction capacity by 500,000 tons, and this year, we expect to complete the hydrofluid project to provide an additional 400,000 tons of capacity per year. We expect potash demand to remain strong given affordability and the trends in crop prices, combined with supply reductions caused by recent news coming out of Laos, China, Belarus, and Russia. There's a lot going on in geopolitics that could impact potash markets. There is quite a bit of uncertainty around Canadian tariffs, and we're watching that situation closely. Even accounting for the impact of tariffs, potash prices will remain affordable. Therefore, we expect no major demand destruction. The potential resolution of the war in Ukraine would have very little impact on the global potash supply. The same goes for Belarus sanctions—very little impact on supply. Jenny will give you more detail about these dynamics in a few minutes. In phosphate, supply remains tight, and demand remains very strong, which has led to prices and stripping margins remaining significantly above historic levels. I should note that we have secured our long-term ammonia supply. We signed the last of three supply contracts late last year, so we have locked up reliable supply at competitive rates. Restoring our US phosphate production to historical levels remains a top priority. Fourth-quarter production was lower than expected because of a challenging recovery from hurricanes Helene and Milton. Most of our storm-related downtime was in the fourth quarter. We've often said the pathway to higher levels is not straight up. Early this year, we have turnarounds at Bartow and New Wales, and we have more work to do to improve asset reliability in Florida and Louisiana. To this end, we are accelerating capital spending to address these issues and expect that work to be finished by the middle of the year. Overall, we expect our production volumes to improve throughout the year and reach 7.2 to 7.6 million tons for the year. Our business in Brazil is performing very well, even with the market and credit headwinds. Our fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDA for the Mosaic Fertilizantes segment of $82 million shows strong underlying business performance. Our margins in Brazil are healthy. Our distribution margin was at the high end of the annual normalized range, and our production cost per ton trended down in the fourth quarter. With the constructive market dynamics we see ahead in 2025, we feel good about Mosaic's business in Brazil. Our solid operating performance is supported by good cost control. We're making good progress toward our cost reduction targets, but I'll leave the details to Luciano. Now I'll talk about our strategic progress. We've told you before that we're analyzing our facilities on the basis of their returns on capital. The outcomes of that work are allowing us to find better owners of underperforming assets and redeploy capital for better returns. We've already announced several deals, including the pending sale of our Patos de Minas site in Brazil and the conclusion of the Ma'aden transaction. That deal gave us a transparent value for our investment, which is about $1.5 billion as of today, as well as a $522 million gain and a long-term capital redeployment possibility. We have other moves in the works, including our pursuit of strategic alternatives for our potash mine in Carlsbad, New Mexico. We're not just focused on making our portfolio stronger; we're also investing in our strengths and growing in our core business in new areas. In addition to the compaction and hydrofluid project I mentioned earlier, our new one million ton blending plant in Paranaguá, Brazil, is almost finished. Our newest growth engine, Mosaic Biosciences, is accelerating. We doubled revenues and acreage on which our products were applied in 2024, and we expect a similar growth rate in 2025. We will have a lot more to say on Mosaic Biosciences at our Analyst Day in New York on March 18th. I hope you'll join us, whether in person or online. Now I'll ask Jenny to give you her thoughts on agriculture and fertilizer markets. Jenny?
Jenny Wang: Thank you, Bruce. We expect 2025 to be a good year for agriculture commodities. Let's start with crops. Fundamentals are strong for most crops around the world. Global corn demand in 2024 is leading to expectations of a much lower stocks-to-use ratio, which in turn has led to rising corn prices since last September. Soybean prices have also moved off their lows from last year. Animal protein markets remain very strong and are expected to continue to drive robust demand for grain and oilseeds products in feed regions. In addition, palm oil prices have stayed in a high range for some time now. All in all, the world's farmers have a strong financial incentive to maximize yield in 2025. Of course, that bodes well for phosphate and potash demand. First, the phosphate. Higher crop prices mean phosphate will be more affordable. We believe demand will remain very strong. And remember, phosphate fertilizer demand is driven by a combination of factors, including rising oilseed production with the increase in global biofuel demand. At the same time, rising use of phosphate for battery production has created another pull on phosphate. With limited new phosphate production coming into the market over the next few years and with ongoing Chinese export restrictions, we expect supply to remain tight and prices and stripping margins to remain elevated by historical standards. Regarding stripping margins in the near term, even with sulfur prices increasing, we anticipate that they will remain attractive as ammonia prices are expected to ease. As a matter of fact, March spot ammonia price was concluded at $40 below from the last month. In potash, as Bruce mentioned, global demand has been strong, and we expect that to continue. Palm oil prices are supporting another strong year for potash application in Malaysia and Indonesia, while Chinese demand is expected to remain solid after two consecutive record shipment years in 2023 and 2024, with volume topping 18 million and 19 million tons, respectively. Bear in mind that shipments averaged just 15 million tons in the preceding five years in China. In addition, Brazil has worked through much of its inventories through the second corn crop, and we have seen very strong demand for potash in the soybean season. As a result, we expect 2025 shipments to be strong. Potash supply is likely to be more constrained this year than last due to the two largest producers in China guiding to lower output in 2025, and both Belaruskali and Uralkali announced that they would produce fewer tons. Additionally, there is significant uncertainty as to how much additional production will be available from Laos, given continued issues with mine inflows and sinkholes. As a result, we believe potash markets are improving and are very constructive. Now I will pass the call over to Luciano for insight into our financial performance.
Luciano Ciani Perez: Well, thank you, Jenny, and thanks to you, Bruce, for your warm welcome. I've been CFO of Mosaic now for two months, responsible for finance, strategy, and IT. Coming in, I think Mosaic is mature, has a clear strategic direction, and a strong financial foundation. I can give you several examples. The balance sheet is in a good place, where it's most efficient to be. We have lots of funding options in place. Share count has been reduced by almost 20% over the past years, something that maybe the market doesn't fully appreciate. And yes, after a few years of cost inflation, I believe there's good momentum in the cost control initiatives. The $150 million target, you know, I'm confident we will reach it, and we'll discuss this in a moment. Capital expenditures are also under control. Mosaic delivered on its commitment to reduce capex by about $200 million last year. This year, we have flat capex to address some reliability challenges, but we will continue to reduce capex in future years. I'm privileged to step in with so much already accomplished. I'll give you some detailed comments and color on some of the most meaningful numbers on our financial statements and performance. This is a little new, but my goal is for you to be able to understand the drivers of our performance and to model it going forward. So I'll start my comments with net income. Obviously, it's complicated, with lots of nonrecurring events. First, we exchanged our stake in the MWSPC joint venture for the shares of Ma'aden. You see a $522 million gain on this one, and this is the difference between the market value of the shares on the date of the closing and the book value of our former stake in the joint venture. But then you have another gain of $28 million, and this is now the increase in the market price of the stock between the closing date and December 31st. Going forward, you'll see the mark-to-market of the value of those shares reflected in our financials, so this is going to be recurring. Net income was also impacted by this large balance sheet $390 million foreign exchange loss in the fourth quarter, which is in the notables table in our press release. That comes from the end-of-company loans from the US to Brazil and from the US to Canada. They're both denominated in US dollars. The issue is that the Brazilian real weakened a lot during the fourth quarter by 14%, the worst-performing currency in the world. So the local Brazilian balance sheet also increased by a similar amount. The Canadian dollar also weakened by 6%, so the Canadian balance sheet also faced a loss. These negative effects were huge in the quarter, and they go up into the consolidated financial statements of Mosaic as a whole. But this foreign exchange story also goes into the adjusted EBITDA performance of our businesses, and again, most importantly, into Mosaic Fertilizantes in Brazil. The Brazilian distribution business buys and sells finished products and at any given time has open payables in dollars. The payables now in Brazilian reais are more expensive, and as we pay the obligations, we recognize the loss in EBITDA in the local income statement. The difference between the payables in US dollars at the current exchange rate, which is more expensive, and the other one goes into EBITDA. There are other smaller losses in FX hedging, and all in all, that reduced the adjusted EBITDA for Brazil by $35 million in this quarter and may continue to have around a $20 million impact in the first quarter of 2025 just because we still have to work through the old payables. Why am I saying all of this? Because I want to call your attention to the fact that our adjusted EBITDA for Brazil in the fourth quarter was $82 million, but that was after all these charges. To see our underlying performance, you need to add back this $35 million loss. So instead of $82 million of adjusted EBITDA, we are in the $120 million territory. Once these payable things are gone, that's the number you're going to see printed from the second quarter of 2025 onwards. That's going to actually be even higher given the cost improvements ongoing. One other highlight is SG&A. $497 million in 2024 is largely flat when you compare it to $501 million in 2023. But 2024 includes a $30 million loss on receivables. You remember a significant Brazilian retailer defaulted. But without this loss, SG&A would have been, instead of $4 million less, $34 million less, or a 6% year-over-year reduction. Considering other nonrecurring, noncash factors, we can say that $42 million have already been saved on intrinsic SG&A as part of the $150 million in cost savings. By the way, we've got insurance on this $30 million debt, so at some point, we expect to revert the majority of this loss in bad debt. How about potash and phosphates? In potash, MOP costs have been largely flat, $65 to $75 a ton in the past four quarters, but it should edge down as we produce more tons from Esterhazy, which is our most efficient mine, and with the hydrofluid project coming online later this year. The margins will also improve as we make more granular products, which on average earn about $20 to $30 more than standard products. In phosphates, the cost actually increased in Q4 due to the plants being idled following the hurricanes we discussed, but the recovery volumes in 2025 will dilute the cost per ton. We're already looking for more than $150 million in cost reductions. We have this digital acceleration program that should bring about $70 million in benefits. Another $50 million is coming from a better mine plan and mass recovery at our Patrocínio and Araxá complex in Brazil. We will discuss all of this in detail, and we'll have additional news for you at our Analyst Day on March 18th, which I invite all of you to attend. I'm sure we're going to be also discussing capital allocation in the Q&A. I was very lucky to come in right in the middle of the conclusion of the $1.5 billion deal with Ma'aden shares, and I actually got my hands and worked on the $125 million Patos deal. I'm fully committed to the program to reallocate capital to the benefit of shareholders. One final note, we've decided to discontinue our monthly price and volume releases. We've received some feedback from you that these releases were not particularly helpful, more noise than signal, so we're discontinuing them. With that, I want to turn the call back to you, Bruce.
Bruce Bodine: Thank you, Luciano. To summarize, Mosaic delivered a solid year despite considerable market, weather, and operational challenges. Our outlook for 2025 is positive. With our improving operational performance, lower cost profiles, and excellent financial foundation, Mosaic is well-positioned to benefit from the strong market conditions we see ahead. Now, operator, we'd like to take questions from the audience. At any time your question has been addressed and you would like to withdraw your question, in the interest of time, please limit yourself to one question. Your first question today will come from Chris Parkinson with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. Your press release mentioned it's your belief that 700,000 tons were sacrificed in 2024 for processed phosphate, and you mentioned some of this in your prepared remarks. That would leave you about 7.1 at the midpoint for 2025. So at the midpoint for 2025 guidance, it's about 300,000 tons. Wouldn't just the phosphoric acid turnarounds get you to that number anyway? Or what's the best way to think about that? And if you could throw in some half-on-half comments, that would be very helpful. Thank you so much.
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Chris. Yeah, about 700,000 tons due to those extraordinary events due to weather and some other things that we had to deal with in 2024. Get you to that 7.1 as you said. It's the phosphoric acid turnarounds. It really is the sulfuric turnarounds that we've been focused on for the last several years coming out of the pandemic that really got upside down on sequencing. We've been talking about that and the catch-up work, and I think that might be where you're going, Chris, if I understand right. So, yes, sulfuric is back, as we've said, on those three-year turnaround cycles. But what we found is we went into December production, and actually, if you were to add in the hurricane impacts, we would've had one of the best production years or quarters in maybe the last two years. So we had a chance to put the accelerator down, given that some of our sulfuric issues are largely behind us. We did find a couple of bottlenecks in phosphoric acid, particularly at New Wales, that we need to address. Part of the reason that our capex is staying flat this year is we're putting a little more money in the first half of the year to deal with some of these lingering effects on downstream sulfuric in some of our facilities here in Central Florida and Louisiana. So that is maybe the half-over-half difference that you're talking about, Chris, and what to look for. As we announced, quarter one was always going to be a kind of a challenged quarter given the Bartow turnaround, which should be wrapping up next week. Then we've got some other turnaround work that was in our normal schedule, but now we're accelerating forward some additional reliability work in phosphoric acid forecasting at New Wales that's going to suck up a little bit more capital this year in order so that the second half of the year is at that max capacity run rate. So we'll see a difference between the first half and the second half, given that pull forward of some work that we're doing to really address those lingering reliability issues in phosphoric acid. Your next question today will come from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So Mosaic's all just happened in a very interesting monetization of assets with Ma'aden and Patos. Just wondering what other assets might be considered. You've mentioned Carlsbad. Is there anything else that might be notable that we should be thinking about? And then just regarding the Ma'aden transaction, are there ways to monetize that investment before the lock-up period?
Bruce Bodine: Yeah, Andrew. No. Thanks. I think we've been pretty consistent, and I'm going to turn it over to Luciano in a minute to talk about some of the details because he kind of highlighted that in the prerecorded section. As we're looking at every asset within our portfolio to see if it generates returns that are acceptable, some examples, as you mentioned, the Ma'aden transaction was the tip of the iceberg as we closed 2024. Even if you go back to Streamsong in 2023, that was another example of looking at our portfolio. The mine, which is an idled mine, had an opportunity to sell that for something that contributes very positively. As you said, Andrew, we do have a process ongoing and are optimistic that we may have some news in the upcoming weeks to announce at Carlsbad. Every asset is being looked at, and if we've got opportunities to think differently about that, opportunities to maybe even consider divesting of that, those are things that we're going to continue to look at. We'll be talking a lot more about that in detail at our Analyst Day on March 18th. But Luciano, I'll turn it over to you.
Luciano Ciani Perez: No, Bruce. You said it all. We ask for patience from you on the street because there are a lot of studies ongoing. No stone is going to be left unturned. There will be specifics given at the Analyst Investor Day. As Bruce pointed out, we're very optimistic with Carlsbad, the way things are going. So we should expect some important news for you, maybe as early as Q2. As regards the Ma'aden shares, yes, there are ways to monetize it beforehand. We are looking into it, but you shouldn't expect something, I would say, on the size of the entire shareholding because there are constraints, liquidity constraints to do it, like third parties to do it. Lots of ideas. That's something that we're looking upon very, very carefully. Again, as news comes out, we're going to let you know as soon as a decision is made. Your next question today will come from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yep. Sorry about that. I'm struggling to understand your outlook for global phosphate shipments. It's the chart you have on slide 20. You look at that, and you look at the ten-year period before 2022, and you would project something much greater than the low end of your forecast for 2025. So what has happened in these last few years? It's not like these growers' use of phosphate is discretionary if it's being removed with the crops. Is this a case where there has just been excess material in most soil? Have there been greater application rates than needed? Why isn't there a yield drag from this? And one more by extension, is there potential for this curve to really flatten longer term from your Biopass and PowerCode products, which can release the immobilized phosphate in soil?
Bruce Bodine: Hey, Steve. Thanks for the question. I'm going to end up letting Jenny get into the specifics on the yield and application in phosphate and then the complement of your question on biosciences. But yeah, I think what we see is that it's actually a supply-side limitation on demand growth for phosphates. There just is limited supply in the marketplace, which is why stripping margins have stayed so constructive for so long. We're seeing that kind of $630 to $650 price point and north of $400 stripping margins, realized stripping margins for Mosaic even above that by $20 to $40 a ton, given our advantages. So it really is the constructiveness and the tightness of the market largely driven by the export constraints and the discipline on exports coming out of China. We don't see that changing much, Steve. Actually, competition for phosphate molecules outside of just pure-play agriculture is going to continue with our LFP. This is probably where biosciences are complementary to that supply constraint to actually allow farmers to continue to get good yield improvements even with the supply constraint on phosphates until such time that there is significant new greenfield capacity announced, which just isn't the case. So a 1 to 1.5-pound compound annual growth rate in phosphates, I think, is what we would expect going forward through the decade. But Jenny, I'll turn it over to you.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Thanks, Bruce. Steve, I think you raised a very good question. We actually project the demand growth for phosphate globally should stay at a trend line between 1% to 2%, but you're exactly right. It didn't happen over the last couple of years. As Bruce mentioned, it's really constrained by supply. As a result of it, it's quite supportive of the stripping margin and prices. I would like to also mention to answer your questions related to the phosphate application rate and how that might impact the yield. As many people know, or probably don't know, phosphorus is one of the least efficient applied nutrients. Meaning in general, only 50% of the phosphorus applied on the ground is uptaken or used by plants or crops. So meaning there's a big amount of phosphate being applied and stayed in the soil. With reduced application rates over the last couple of years, we may see some of the underlying impact on the yield. Some of the biological products, like you mentioned, and thank you for calling out the two flagship brands that we have, PowerCodes and Dialpad. These are two good examples. That microbial materials actually could help to generate organic acid, which helps to make the phosphorus tied to the soil more available for the crops to use, which in turn makes the phosphate use efficiency much higher, which helps the yield increases. So more to come, apart from these two flagship brands that we have. We actually have even more advanced products in the pipeline. Stay tuned. We're going to talk more at our Analyst Day on March 18th. Your next question today will come from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Anthony: Good morning. This is Anthony on for Joel. Maybe just a question on potash. What could maximum potash production look like compared to the guidance range you provided as global demand surprises to the upside this year?
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Anthony. I think there's probably limited upside on maximum production, at least from us, and I think even on the Canadian producers. I mean, you have to talk to Nutrien about what they think. I think it probably happened on a prior call last week, but we're running at full rate at Esterhazy, full rate at Belle Plaine. We use Colonsay as our swing facility. It is running right now. We always continue to analyze that. But if there was upside, I think it gets down to can the supply chain getting out of Canada actually take significantly more tons. For sure, there's more incremental on the fringes, and that's probably on the high side. It is on the high side of our range. But there is a limit just given rail fluidity, capacity at the ports, to get significantly more capacity out of Canada. So I think that becomes the limiting constraint. That would, as I said, the high side of our guidance really assumes that the supply chain works very well and demand is on the higher end of the trend. Jenny, anything to add to that?
Jenny Wang: I think you're covered, Bruce. I guess, apart from Canadian producers, we do not really see any major spare capacities in the rest of the world. As we mentioned in our earlier commentary, the major producers, the two largest producers in China, announced their production cut this year due to very low inventories that they had year on year. We also have seen the announcement out of FSU on their reduction of the production due to this long-needed turnaround. Lastly, the addition of the supply out of Laos is just very uncertain how much more they can push out of the country due to the issues around the sinkhole and water inflow. So all in all, we do not see really any meaningful extra capacity for potash to be able to get out for this year. Your next question today will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I could just ask on CapEx and working capital. You've been in the seats for a couple of months. Can you talk about how you view the CapEx level now? Obviously, it's down versus the last few years, but do you think this is the right level? Are you comfortable for a maintenance cap at this level? Do you think CapEx will stay flat at these levels over the next few years? And then if I could just ask on working capital, whether you think there are any opportunities there, and in particular, maybe you could talk about how much working capital the Fertilizantes business consumes.
Luciano Ciani Perez: No, Vincent. Thank you. Starting with CapEx, we're not happy with the level of CapEx where it is. We do have a target to reduce especially sustaining CapEx throughout the years. We can save probably over the next few years maybe $200 to $300 million from the level that we are today. As Bruce said, we are spending perhaps $100 million more this year to fix the reliability issues. That reduction will mostly come over the next few years on maintenance CapEx. That's what we are targeting. We would like to continue to have about maybe $100 to $150 million every year put forward into very accretive opportunity projects like the ones which were already discussed, like the hydrofloats, compaction, and microsentials. But maintenance CapEx is where we need to do some work. As for working capital, there will be a buildup in working capital this year, especially in the second half, just because the business is resuming its growth. So the larger volumes in phosphates and in potash will point in that direction. The same thing in Brazil with Paranaguá coming in the second half. Our target for sales this year is much greater than last year. Brazil will continue to grow. So all in all, it will be a consumer of working capital. Actually, this plays out in our outlook for cash flow this year. You should expect, I would say, given the same levels of production, stronger cash flows in 2026, even more strong than the second half of 2025, just because of this working capital buildup. That's an intrinsic part of the business. It is well-financed, so we have access to a lot of short-term options to fund it. That's the way it is. We build up in the first half, we generate cash in the second half. This year, despite the cash flow generation in the second half, there's still a little bit more of a buildup because of the growth, which is a good thing. Your next question today will come from Richard Garticarena with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Garticarena: Alright. Thanks. Good morning. Solid progress on the cost savings and structure for Fertilizantes. Obviously, you've seen $35 million of the $150 million come from that in 2024. Just wondering, for 2025, the remaining cost savings from the $150 million, how much of that is going to be coming from Fertilizantes? Is the rest going to be from SG&A? And then just on the Brazil market in general, maybe if you could give some color in terms of what you've been doing to ensure that the credit issues you saw in 2024 won't continue and anything that you've done that maybe protects you from potential further downside. That'd be great. Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Hey, Richard. No. Thanks. Just on the appreciation of the recognition on the cost reduction, as we said, half of that's already been delivered from a run rate standpoint. The remainder of that is going to come from a number of different areas. As you said, SG&A still has some cost savings to capture. You're going to see some fixed cost absorption benefits as we get that extra million tons of production and then grow to a million and a half tons of production in phosphates in North America. The improvements in production volume and reliability in South America are going to start to bring fixed cost absorption benefits as well. Then there's the hard savings that Luciano has talked about. But I think Luciano's going to turn it over to him to talk more, but we're really looking at doubling down on even more cost reductions and turning more stones over in all corners of the business. So more that we'll talk about there, and I'll turn it over to him. Then maybe over to Jenny if Luciano doesn't answer it first on the credit issues in Brazil. Luciano?
Luciano Ciani Perez: Well, thank you, Bruce. The $150 million, it's going to be pretty much in the bag just by cost dilution in phosphates and in potash. In fact, anything else in the Fertilizantes side will probably be on top of that. We are already crafting what we can achieve in addition to the $150 million, and we will put some aggressive numbers coming soon. We also appreciate that the performance of Fertilizantes was a little clouded because of these FX effects. So pardon me if I spend too much time discussing it initially. But I've got to reemphasize that we are really, really confident in the performance of this business going forward, precisely because of the cost performance. I'm going to go back to one of the things which I mentioned in the briefing. For example, we have this mine, Araxá and Patrocínio. The mine life is up to 2062. By changing the mine plan, for example, and yes, shortening mine life by maybe ten years from 2062 to 2052, we're accessing much better high-grade areas. The improvement in mass recovery is substantial. Only at this particular site, we're going to get another $50 million US run rate starting in January 2024. So there's a lot to extract from the Fertilizantes business. I encourage you to watch out for the performance of this line of business going forward. Your next question today will come from Lucas Beaumont with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Prell: Hi. Good morning, everyone. It's Chris Prell on for Lucas. Following up on the potash commentary, prices were up in the first quarter as a pop ahead of potential tariffs. Could you just expand a bit on what you think potential tariffs on Canadian potash would have on pricing and demand and trade flows? With the price up in the first quarter, do you realize that benefit in Q1 or Q2?
Bruce Bodine: Lucas, I got your question down. I'm going to answer because we had a mic issue here. Didn't get to answer the second half of Richard's question on credit in Brazil. Let's do that first, and then we'll hit your tariffs, demand, and trade flows issue. Jenny, you want to talk about credit in Brazil?
Jenny Wang: Yes. Thank you, Bruce. Richard, to your question on the credit risk issues in Brazil, we've been very diligent in managing our business in Brazil. We've made some tough choices between volume and margin and the credit risk. As a result of it, we've been really focusing on margin, focusing on lower-risk customers. We have shifted our business away from traditional retailers in Brazil and more towards end users, mega farmers, traders, the grain traders who have very good barter businesses with the farmers, and lastly, the co-ops. So these are very solid customers with solid credit, which gives us a lot of insurance and assurance on the business quality, and we will continue to do so this year.
Bruce Bodine: So, Lucas, on the tariff question, obviously, that's the topic du jour in many corners of the globe. It's a dynamic situation, one that we're watching very closely. I know even as of yesterday, reconfirm these March 25% tariffs, but we have numerous teams across our organization and all functions and facets working on this and paying attention to it. But listen, at the end of the day, if tariffs are imposed or when, we see that it's going to be borne by downstream customers of Mosaic. So that's unfortunate, but it is the reality of that situation. With 80% to 85% of the potash demand in the US coming from Canada, it's just hard to replace that. So again, the downstream customer's going to bear the brunt of that cost. The good news, if you want to look at good news or silver lining, is that given the affordability of potash today and the increase in corn prices and wheat prices and general affordability of commodities on the ag side in general, affordability is not that significant of an issue for potash even with a 20% to 25% tariff on top of it. The other advantage is that spring tons, spring season demand is pretty much already baked and in place in North America in the US. So don't see any immediate impacts for spring on the downstream side. Just to reinforce it, Jenny and I were with one of our large customers out of Ohio, like a cooperative, and we asked and had a lot of discussion around the tariff impact and sentiment of farmers. To be honest, they're not even concerned. The additional cost is not something that they're worried about. Again, it gets down to the affordability, which, to be honest, surprised me a little bit, but it just goes to show the confidence in the market in the farm gate on the pricing and affordability and that transfer of cost per acre basis that the farm is not that significant in the big scheme of things. So don't see the tariffs having a huge impact on demand and anything to do with profitability for Mosaic. Now in the marketplace, to your point prior to any tariffs, we have seen good price appreciation, a greater than $40 a ton up in the US and Brazil on potash, and December of 2024, or the turn of the year, and even higher than that if you look at domestic prices in China. So there is good price momentum around the globe, and some of the first good price momentum we've seen of this magnitude in a couple of years. So where will we realize that? I'll turn that over to Jenny from a rev rec standpoint.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Lucas, I believe the price momentum, as Bruce mentioned, some of them will be reflected in Q1, and much more will be reflected in Q2. It is just because of the selling setting cycle between Capitec and ourselves in the domestic market are very different. So you should see from our guidance that we're guiding a higher price in Q1 and more to come in Q2. Your next question today will come from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your cash flows in the fourth quarter and for the year-end 2024 were quite low. In that your EBITDA was almost $600 million, and you generated roughly $220 million in cash. You weren't able to cover your dividend and your CapEx this year from operating cash flow. Was there something in the large currency events that pushed cash flow down? Do you expect to cover CapEx and dividends next year with operating cash flow?
Bruce Bodine: Yeah, Jeff. Good question and something we've had a lot of discussion around ourselves. I'm going to turn it over to Luciano to get into the details.
Luciano Ciani Perez: Jeff, indeed, the shortfalls in volumes in production volumes in sales generated a shortfall in cash flows, especially in the second half, which was not in the forecast. So yes, it's true that the cash flows didn't cover the dividend and the CapEx. You can estimate the shortfalls at perhaps around $300 million just by multiplying the shortfalls in production by the margins and with the additional cost involved. Give an example, just in AROs, like, we spend another $20 million in the fourth quarter just to remove the water brought by the hurricanes. You see an uptick in ARO in the quarter as well. But for this year, the situation is different. Yeah. We do expect to cover the minimum dividend, the CapEx, and even have some excess cash in order to either distribute to shareholders or roll back some of the working capital funding additional that we did. Your next question today will come from Edlain Rodriguez with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. First of all, just a clarification. In terms of the model and assumptions you provided, you give production volumes for product in phosphate. What do you expect sales volume to be from Mosaic? Or is it the same number that we should think of? But for my real question, again, in the potash outlook, you talk about farmers, I mean, products remaining affordable and everything else. This despite the tariffs. If that's the case, if farmers can and are willing to pay more for the product, why didn't producers push through those price increases, say, a couple of months ago or last year, when corn prices and if you look at the December corn 2025, it's almost the same level as it is now. So if the corn prices are not attractive, why didn't producers push for higher product prices if farmers were willing to pay for it essentially?
Bruce Bodine: Yeah, Edlain, thanks for the question. Good nuance catch on our guidance, and we don't provide sales guidance and aren't providing sales guidance for the full year. We did decide to give production guidance as something for you all to have better clarity on where we are. But I'll leave it at that for the time being. On the pricing thing, a couple of things change. I mean, one is the price of corn to appreciate as well as some of the other grain commodities. The other one was the late announcements since December of significant production supply-side constraints. That has tightened the market. So as much as you'd say why didn't prices get pushed, it really was a global supply and demand phenomenon that changed from where it was, say, going into September, October, November, and what changed December to now is about a million and a half tons or more have come out from the supply side, particularly in our forecast, with the announcements in China on domestic production going down, with the announcement and issues with the sinkholes in Laos and what could be the effects of that. With the announcements from Uralkali and Belaruskali on their significant maintenance outages. So it really comes back down to fundamentals on supply and demand on why we've seen that price appreciation over the last several weeks. Your next question today will come from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up, Luciano, on some of the items you've flagged for Fertilizantes down in Brazil. I was just wondering about the cost you've talked about that you've taken out, and obviously, you expect some of it to come back from the losses in the third quarter with AgroGalaxy. But as we think about 2025 and the modeling go forward, just that SG&A run rate, how much right now of that low level that we saw in Q4 was really just FX related, and what would be a more normalized level if we expect something in the five and a half to six, not maybe beyond six as we've seen it in the fourth quarter? And then to the timing of these insurance reclaims, if you can comment on how you think to gain back those $30 million. Thank you.
Luciano Ciani Perez: Okay. Thanks for the question. I would say if you look at our performance sheet data, we do provide audited non-GAAP costs, mining costs, and phosphate conversion costs, and even potash costs, in Brazilian reais. So whatever exchange rate you want to model, just think of those as, I would say, the ceiling levels going forward. So you have a parameter here. But as I said before, we're trying to reduce those even in Brazilian reais. So that's for one. As for AgroGalaxy, I'm pretty confident that we will recover it this year. Cannot be precise about a quarter, but for sure, these types of processes, they don't take as long. So we're confident that we're going to get the cash flows back this year. Your next question today will come from Christian Owen with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christian Owen: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Sort of a follow-up to the Fertilizantes question here, a little bit more granular. The $120 million quarterly run rate that you outlined as sort of underlying performance of that business. Can you give us a little bit of color, first half second half? And then from an underlying demand perspective, how you're thinking about recovery in the back half of the year given some of the distribution challenges and your shift toward the larger customers or direct to co-ops. Is there an opportunity to refill the channel, or should we just think about a gradual increase in the back half of the year? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Yep. Kristen, thanks for the question. Let's unpack that one a little bit on two sides. One, Jenny, maybe a timing of how things shape on cash flows, and then I'll turn it over to Luciano on anything on the underlying financial performance effects.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Thanks. To your question on the customer selection of moving between different segments, Chris, that has happened. So we actually, over the last year, we've made that move, and we think we are in a good place this year towards the customers that we're going to do business with, with a much more solid credit profile. So I don't necessarily see a major volume change from Q1 to the first half to the second half. I would say the volume growth this year is pretty much going to depend on, a, if the market is going to go as we forecast and that we anticipate, the market is going to hit a new record from a shipment point of view, from a demand point of view, b, from a customer's credit profile point of view, we feel comfortable as where we are today. So just to summarize, we don't see a major change from the first half to the second half.
Luciano Ciani Perez: And on the cost side, yes. You're right. That's exactly the message we want to convey. The $120 million run rate is for the performance of Fertilizantes going forward. Again, I just gave an example in the prior question about something that is not in that $120 million, so you should expect upside from there. We're positive that we'll start showing those results from Q2 onwards.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Bruce Bodine for any closing remarks.
Bruce Bodine: Well, thank you, operator. I'll close the call by reiterating a few of our key messages. First, the market backdrop is promising. Global agriculture fundamentals have improved, providing plenty of incentive for farmers to maximize yields. Second, at Mosaic, we're making meaningful strategic progress. Our work to restore phosphate production to historic levels is proceeding well, and we've completed low-cost, high-return projects to enhance our production and distribution in all segments of the business. Third, our efforts to reallocate capital in pursuit of better returns are coming to fruition, and we're excited about that. We've announced or completed several transactions, and we expect to have more news in the near future. All in all, we have a strongly positive outlook for 2025 and a well-defined path to benefit from good market conditions. Thank you all for joining our call, and have a great and safe day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the floor over to Jason Tremblay. Please go ahead.
Jason Tremblay: Thank you, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Opening comments will be provided by Bruce Bodine, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat and then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Executive Vice President, Commercial, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, they are beyond management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published today, and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Bodine: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. I would like to start by acknowledging the great work done by so many of Mosaic's people to help us prepare for and recover from Hurricanes Francine, Helene and Milton. I'm especially pleased that we made it through the storms with no safety incidents, no significant environmental events and no material physical damage. Even as most of our people in Louisiana and Central Florida, we're dealing with storm impacts at home they came together to ensure we could get back up and running as quickly as possible after the storms. Because of their dedication, our Florida operations were back at full operating rates just two weeks after Milton with some locations returning to normal within days. I'm extremely grateful to the team. Before we get into our results, I also want to address our announcement this morning that Clint Freeland plans to retire as Mosaic's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at the end of this year. During his time with Mosaic, Clint has been an outstanding CFO for the Company. Mosaic's financial profile and capital allocation program are much stronger than they were when Clint arrived six years ago. I want to extend my sincere thanks for his leadership, and we wish him all the best in his retirement. As part of this planned transition, Luciano Siani Pires will join the Company as CFO Designate on November 18. Luciano was previously the CFO at Vale and later served as the Company's EVP of Strategy and Business Transformation. Luciano also served on Mosaic's Board of Directors following the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition in 2018, so we know him quite well. We look forward to welcoming him to Mosaic, and we're confident that he will be a worthy successor. Luciano assumes the role of CFO on January 1, 2025, and Clint will remain a senior adviser until July 1, 2025. On to our third quarter results. The storms were part of a challenging third quarter for us. We also faced electrical issues at our Esterhazy and Colonsay potash mines that affected our production levels. All those challenges are now behind us. For the third quarter, Mosaic generated $2.8 billion of revenue, resulting in net income of $122 million and adjusted EBITDA of $448 million. The lower adjusted EBITDA was driven by the aforementioned challenges, lower potash prices and a delayed agriculture recovery in Brazil, partially offset by ongoing strength in phosphate stripping margin. That said, we have continued to focus and execute on the things that are within our control, and these actions and initiatives are positioning us to benefit from the improving ag and fertilizer markets. We expect to achieve our targeted annualized phosphate production run rate of 7.8 million to 8.2 million tons by year-end once the ongoing turnaround activities are completed later this month. We are making good progress on our cost management front and on track to achieve our $150 million annual run rate cost savings target by the end of 2025. We are on track to achieve our targeted $200 million reduction in CapEx this year. Mosaic Biosciences growth is accelerating, in fact, our biological products are now being used on 9 million acres in key markets around the world this year. Due to our extensive market access and the strength of our brand, the Biosciences operating model is highly leverageable and positioned for long-term growth, which is powered by new product launches using our internal R&D capabilities as well as leveraging external partnerships. Mosaic Biosciences is largely self-funding and does not require significant new capital to fuel its growth. Capital allocation remains a key focus for us. We are continuing to invest in our strengths. This year, we completed the compaction project at our low-cost Esterhazy mine and the MicroEssentials conversion project at Riverview. And next year, we will complete the Hydrofloat project at Esterhazy and the Palmeirante blend plant in Brazil. We're also focused on capital reallocation for other assets in our portfolio, such as the conversion of our MWSPC joint venture into Ma’aden shares, which are worth $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion at today's share price, and the strategic review of our Carlsbad, New Mexico potash mine. During the first nine months of the year, we returned $415 million to shareholders including $210 million of share repurchases. Now let's spend a few moments to discuss the state of the market and outlook. Corn and soybean prices have improved from their August lows, while other commodity crops, including palm oil, sugar and coffee are quite strong. In North America, farmers are enjoying solid yields that offset the impact of strained commodity prices and an early harvest allowing more opportunity to complete fall field work, which is good news for the near-term fertilizer demand outlook. In Brazil, barter ratios are healthy for corn and soybeans. In fact, the corn barter ratio is improving, an increasingly constructive setup for the safrinha crop in the coming months. We have also seen a continued uptick in Brazilian corn used for ethanol production, which has provided further corn price support there. Over the longer-term biofuels remain an attractive driver for grain and oilseed demand far beyond current levels, supporting a highly constructive picture of long-term ag fundamentals. The government in Indonesia reiterated that it would be moving forward with a B40 biodiesel program starting in January. In India, the latest ethanol mandate could lead to India becoming a net importer of corn. In Brazil, the approval of the new biofuel policy calls for a gradual increase in the mixture of soybean biodiesel and diesel fuel and changes in the ethanol content in gasoline and sustainable aviation fuel for airplanes. Fertilizer demand is running high around the world this year as nutrients remain affordable and growers are catching up after recent years of under application. Large crops and solid yields in many regions this year are drawing nutrients from the soil with the removal, particularly pronounced in North America with an additional 4% to 5% compared to last year. So, we expect demand will remain solid in 2025 as nutrients are replenished. The potash market remains relatively balanced. We think potash prices have hit bottom as we've seen resistance to low offers in key markets and prices have begun to trend higher. We continue to expect near record global shipments for 2024 and record-breaking shipments in 2025 driven by broad-based demand recovery, particularly in Southeast Asia, where palm oil economics are solid. For the phosphate market, stripping margins are expected to remain elevated. Prices remain strong, driven by persisting global supply constraints and solid demand for fertilizer fuel and industrial uses. China has continued to restrict phosphate exports and we expect total Chinese exports to be around 7 million tons for 2024, down from 7.9 million tons last year and about 11 million tons at their recent peak. Domestic phosphoric acid production is increasingly consumed by industrial uses, resulting in reduced availability for production of phosphate fertilizers. This trend will likely continue well into the future. In addition, because of an unfavorable government subsidy environment, Indian phosphate demand is going unmet, leaving farmers short of a critical nutrient and setting up strong demand for 2025 assuming an improvement in importer economics. Now I'll move on to our segment results. The Potash segment generated adjusted EBITDA of $180 million for the quarter compared with $267 million a year ago, driven by lower prices and approximately 250,000 tons of lost production due to the electrical issues at Esterhazy and Colonsay and were further impacted by the broad Canadian rail strike. These issues are now fully resolved. For the fourth quarter, we expect potash sales volumes in the range of 2.2 million to 2.4 million tons and prices in the range of $200 to $220 per ton. Note that this outlook includes limited impact from labor issues at the ports of Vancouver and Montreal. Canpotex has contingency plans to mitigate the impacts from the strike as much as possible by diverting product flows via other ports. However, the longer the strike goes on, the higher the potential for volume impacts given the significance of the terminal to the Canpotex network. Our Phosphates segment generated adjusted EBITDA of $265 million for the quarter compared with $201 million a year ago. The improved results are due to a combination of solid pre-hurricane production levels and strong stripping margin. Our sales volume came in at 1.5 million tons in the third quarter, driven by lower production volumes and shipping delays caused by weather events and related port closures. Our realized stripping margins remained strong, in part because of our advantageous ammonia economics. We produce about 1/3 of what we consume, and we have a reliable supply of ammonia and sulfur from our partners. We have executed two new ammonia supply offtake agreements with an additional one nearing completion to meet our needs in 2025 and beyond. Our balanced raw material sourcing approach reduces our risk exposure in varying market conditions and sustains our strategic advantage. Our phosphate conversion cash cost per ton was largely unchanged from the second quarter. As we continue to ramp up production to the target run rate, we expect to achieve a $20 to $30 per ton reduction in conversion costs from the high watermark at the end of 2023. Hurricane Milton resulted in a production loss of about 250,000 tons, which will be reflected in our fourth quarter volumes. For the fourth quarter, we expect phosphate sales volumes in the range of 1.6 million to 1.8 million tons and prices in the range of $570 to $590 per ton. Mosaic Fertilizantes generated $83 million in adjusted EBITDA compared with $147 million a year ago. EBITDA was lower due to $32 million in bad debt reserves we booked in SG&A and $20 million of legal reserves. The bad debt reserve was a result of the Brazilian customers bankruptcy filing. We expect to recover the majority of this amount through an insurance claim, which will be recorded in the quarter it is received. All in all, we are back on track. Our operations are restored to full capacity in all geographies and we are optimistic as we look ahead to 2025. We expect constructive agriculture and fertilizer market fundamentals, and we believe that we will produce at levels that will allow us to meet robust demand from our customers around the world and generate good financial performance. Our strategy of refining our portfolio while pursuing exciting opportunities in Mosaic Biosciences will deliver meaningful shareholder value.
A - Jason Tremblay: Thanks, Bruce. Before we move on to the live Q&A, as we have done in past quarters, we would like to address some of the most common investor questions that we have received throughout the quarter. First, what is the current state of agriculture and fertilizer markets? And what is your outlook for next year?
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Jason. Ag fundamentals are solid and fertilizers are affordable, which bodes well for fertilizer demand. Significant changes to phosphate supply will keep the market tight into next year and the potash market is balanced. Now let me ask Jenny to provide you with her view.
Jenny Wang: Thank you, Bruce. Overall ag fundamentals remain strong for many crops. We continue to remind investors that only 1/3 of phosphate and potash consumption goes to corn soybean. Prices for other ag commodities, especially palm oil, sugar, coffee, continues to be very attractive, which supports significant demand of fertilizer growth in this year. For corn soybean, fundamentals are improving. In Brazil domestic prices of corn soybean are actually traded at premium over international future prices. This is due to the real devaluation and also the growth of new demand, i.e., bioethanol. As of last Friday, the sales of corn soybean have come back to the same pace of last year, so as the fertilizer purchases, both safrinha corn and the summer crop. Speaking about biofuel, I'd like to highlight another dynamic that will influence the market both in near term and in long term, which is increasing demand to corn soybeans for biofuel and bioethanol. In Brazil, the recent approved government fuel bill suggests about diesel and bioethanol blending rate to increase by 5%. The increases of blending rate implies significant increases of new demand for corn and soybean. Our estimation that would imply to 4 million tons of NPK fertilizer demand if the rates are going to be realized in 2032. In India, the country has shifted to a net corn import country this year as the government corn ethanol investment plans to push use of corn for ethanol production. In addition to sugar cane and rice. And this is even before they hate their E20 goal and the leading government has a target to get to E25 by 2030. Now let me move over to phosphate and potash market. Phosphate markets are tight this year and expected to stay constructive as we get into 2025 and beyond. Overall demand in this year are generally at par at 2023, with supply constraints, holding back demand growth this year. Indian monsoon and the grower economics have driven demand outpaced supply. We see reduced shipments in 2024 due to unfavorable import economics, which is related to the government subsidy program. This is setting up a pent-up demand for 2025. In North America, we are expecting a large crop with the yield increase, the nutrient removal could be up to 4% to 5% from the soil compared to 2023. These nutrients must be replenished while growers have been cautious as the headwind of corn soybean prices, the big yield and early harvest improved the sentiment. We've been hearing from customers that they were surprised by growers’ appetite to phosphate. In Brazil, phosphate inventories are very tight. The grower economics and barter ratio are improving. We expect Brazil fertilizer demand to continue to expand in 2025. Lastly, on the supply side, we are seeing limited new supply is coming in, in 2024. China exports are limited by their very strong domestic demand, both in fertilizers and industrial use. Up to end of Q3, the production of LIP for electrical vehicles and the stationary batteries increased by 51% to 1.8 million tons. The dynamic of competition between ag use and industrial use, have tightened availability of P205. In fact, China has been stepping up to import phosphate rock in order to meet the demand. The dynamic is expected to continue next year and support very tight phosphate market. For potash, we've seen very broad base of demand recovery around globe, especially in Southeast Asia market. the elevated palm oil price and the constructive rice prices have really supported the demand recovery of potash. Year-to-date input growth in Malaysia, Indonesia was up by 57%, and we’re seeing similar level for other countries in Southeast Asian region. We expect the global shipment of potash this year will be rebounded to the record year, as we saw in 2021. On supply side, supply from Russia and Belorussia have largely returned to the historical level or pre-war level. Globally, we see the potash market as balanced with low price now prevailing to spur further demand growth in 2025.
Jason Tremblay: Next question is on phosphate production levels. Assuming you achieve your target run rate in the fourth quarter, how should we think about production volumes moving forward?
Bruce Bodine: We do expect to achieve the target run rate by the end of the quarter. Our turnaround schedule will be complete in the next couple of weeks, which will set us up for hitting the target. Our phosphate production level will be sustainable once we achieve the target. But please note that it will continue to vary on a quarter-by-quarter basis depending on turnaround scope and schedule. For example, we have some turnaround activities scheduled for the first quarter next year, which will set us up well to produce at full rates for North American spring demand. This will result in lower than run rate production for the first quarter, which we expect to make up during the balance of the year. One other factor that affects the production volumes quarter-to-quarter is product mix. Our teams are continually monitoring the markets and working to optimize product mix to maximize profitability. Each of our products requires a different amount of P205, so the product makes decisions will dictate the finished product production rates and where we land within the target range each quarter.
Jason Tremblay: Our next question is related to the credit situation in Brazil. You recorded $32 million of bad debt in the quarter. What is your exposure to future credit losses?
Bruce Bodine: We have limited risk to further credit losses. While the market conditions remain challenging, not all industry participants are facing the same credit issues. In fact, significant portion of our customers, which are grain traders and co-ops are good financial condition. During the onset of the credit crisis, we made a concerted effort to reduce our exposure to the retailers that are most impacted by credit problems. As we move into the safrinha and [indiscernible] seasons next year, we have employed additional risk mitigation measures by requiring prepayments from our customers and continue to ensure sales contract integrity to prevent losses. In the event that credit losses are incurred, we use credit insurance programs to mitigate them. We believe our prudent risk approach will continue to reduce our exposure to future losses.
Jason Tremblay: Thanks, Bruce. With that, we'll now move on to the open question-and-answer session. Operator, please open the lines for follow-up questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Richard Garchitorena from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Garchitorena: Congratulations, Clint, on your retirement. Yes. So, I just wanted to first touch on the phosphate business, looks like you put strong margins up despite the challenging weather events. I was wondering, given you're also on track on the cost savings of $150 million, what would your costs have looked like, I guess, if you didn't have the temporary shutdowns? And was there a cost impact from the shutdown during the quarter?
Bruce Bodine: Richard, this is Bruce. Thanks for the question. We pretty proud of the margins. It does show to your point, the strength of our cost reduction program and how much improvement in production really has on our fixed cost absorption. Even though we did have, to your point, impacts from the various hurricanes in Louisiana and a little bit of Helene at the end of third quarter and Florida mostly on shipping ability out of the ports. We've kind of had production flat versus quarter two, which was about 100,000, 110,000 tons improved over kind of historic. So, I believe we're seeing that coming through. I know it's hard when you have these interruptions with storms, we're taking things up and down. But we believe that underlying performance really is there. And definitely, we could demonstrate that. We'll talk more about that, I'm sure, going in the fourth quarter as we get past our turnarounds. But we've always said that from our kind of high mark in 2023, which was quarter four, we'd expect $20 to $30 cost improvements due to absorption when we get at full run rate. We obviously weren't there because of the hurricanes and the other turnaround work that we had. So, we should have expected another notch down on our costs and would have expanded a little bit more in margin as we go forward. And I think that's what investors should look forward to as we do demonstrate that run rate forward. And Clint, I'll just turn it over to you since he congratulated you. You can talk about that and if you wanted to add anything to that.
Clint Freeland: Yes. No, I appreciate it, Bruce. And Richard, I do appreciate your congratulations. I think, Bruce, I think you really spoke to it well. I think as you look at the production levels in [indiscernible] and adjust for kind of the production shutdowns, I think you would have seen a lower cost per ton and you would [indiscernible] improvement on those lines that again is [Technical Difficulties] with on the right path on that. And again, if you just adjust for the close, I think you would see that improving.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Byrne: I'd like to drill in a little bit on the comments you made about Biosciences. The 9 million acres, what are the functional products in here? Are these biostimulants or are these biologicals? Is this a blended product with fertilizer or seed treatment? How does it flow through your income statement? And more importantly, what's the pipeline look like in this group? Is there anything in there you'd call out as having some meaningful longer-term potential?
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks, Steve, hoping we get a question, and maybe you would be the one. So, I appreciate that question on Biosciences because it is something we're proud of. We're seeing really exciting acceleration on the acreage covered in these products. I'm going to let Jenny talk about the specifics of your question. But we do feel that in the course of time, this really could be a growth engine for Mosaic. So, as I said, we're excited about it. But let me turn it over to Jenny to kind of get into the specifics of the products and then the pipeline.
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Bruce. Thanks for the question. The product that we are selling in the market, Steve, are basically nutrient use efficiency enhancement products. So, the two major products we're selling in North America and Central America called PowerCoat and BioPath, these products do, they basically improve nutrient use efficiency. We do have products that we were selling in Brazil, in China, they are third-party customers -- third-party products as of today, they are biostimulants. So, how the products are used today? More than 70 products that we're selling are coated on fertilizer granules. And the rest of the 30% are basically being mixed with liquid fertilizer or fungicide or insecticide. And the formulation strength, which is the strength of our product, have made our products very steady. So, our products can be mixed with UAN, with ammonia and let along other core protection products. And going forward, we will have products to be coated on seeds. So, you asked the questions on pipeline. In the pipeline, we are looking for quite a wide range of the products. The most exciting ones, Steve, that I can mention. One is the nitrogen fixation materials. And we are at the final stage for our field trial and the registration. And we also have a range of products which improve phosphorus solubility and that's in the pipeline, and that is one of the investments we made over the last few years and this is in the development stage as well. So, stay tuned, we will have more report on the new product pipeline and as well as the accelerated growth that we're making with our market access in the market, major agriculture market, North America, Brazil, China and India.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Wolfe Research. And gentlemen, dropped off. We'll move on to Joel Jackson from BMO Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Joel Jackson: Can we talk a bit about your outlook for potash for '25? You're showing about a demand growth, I think 2 million or 2.5 million tons of demand growth next year. Just talk about what you also see for supply next year. And then in your base case, how much of that incremental demand will Canpotex and Mosaic be able to supply? How many more tons can Mosaic supply next year? You haven't really gone above 9 million tons, I think, for seven or eight years. What is the most you can do through K3 [indiscernible]?
Bruce Bodine: Yes, Joel, you picked up on, obviously, in our materials, we do see market growing anywhere from 1 million to 2 million tons and somewhere in that range next year. See Laos being part of the additional capacity. There's a little bit more out of Russia and Belarus that probably can be squeaked out as well. And then it's just going to be a remainder probably supplied, as you said, out of Canada in some form or fashion, depending on how that demand materializes. But I'm going to turn it over to Jenny and maybe get into the details of what potentially could happen in sharing of supply on that demand.
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Bruce. Joe, probably want to give you a little bit more specifics on our base case assumptions. On the demand side, we believe the current price level the affordability will have support to the further demand growth and in some markets, as the demand recovery. For example, in Indonesia and Malaysia. And on the supply side, our base case assumptions are assuming further ramp-up of EuroChem’s VolgaKaliy project and some of the final push of [indiscernible] [EuroKaliy’s] production. So, which is going to make the product out of Russia, we are estimating roughly 0.5 million tons more than this year. And we assume BPC probably already reached to their plateau by using the alternative route to get the product to the market and knowing it is very expensive to serve the market through this alternative route. And lastly, as Bruce mentioned, we have big assumptions on the expansion in Laos. So, the expansion of the capacity, including Asia potash and also partially including [indiscernible] as well. And the Asia potash, the capacity expansion in 2024 was very slow due to well-known management change and also the water inflow issues. We based our assumption for next year that they will be back to the pace for the expansion of the capacity. So, as you can see, as we forecast the supply increases in 2025, the two major growth drivers are from Russia and also from Laos. And as we all know, this expansion are also with some significant uncertainty. So, in the case, the supply is not coming online as what we suggested, there is a potential that the market is going to be tightened.
Bruce Bodine: Joel, just the other part of your question is what could we produce? And we've announced and we talked about in the opening comments, the investment at Esterhazy, which in our Hydrofloat project, which is a high return, low modestly expensive investment. We'll generate another 400,000 tons when that comes online midyear next year. At that point in time, Esterhazy and Belle Plaine combined should be able to produce in that 9 million ton range. And then based on what we need above and beyond that for Canpotex's participation in our market share in North America. We'll continue to use Colonsay hopefully, more sparingly once that comes on, but to cover things like major turnarounds at Esterhazy, something unforeseen or if there happens to be a slow in timing and some of the things we've baked in for other supply around the globe. And for sure, we'll be prepared to ramp Colonsay back up if it happens to be idle at the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Parkinson: I promised to ask a nice question. All right. So, I want to go back on some of the phosphate commentary in terms of getting to the run rate and then obviously factoring in some downtime, just -- when we just take a step back and kind of consider everything that your asset base is going through for the last several years, inclusive of the third quarter, how should the Street ultimately just be thinking about what's the average run rate of phosphate rock procurement in terms of the concept of normalized earnings? Same question for processing costs. So, when we just sit back and compartmentalize how much your assets should be earning in a normalized environment in '25, hoping or presumably into '26. What kind of broad framework should we ultimately be using?
Bruce Bodine: Yes, Chris, I appreciate the question. As we've talked multiple times, the way I'll answer that is more like we have is I think, yes, we are recovering and there's evidence of that on a run rate. As we've said and been consistent just to put it in context, we won't achieve kind of that 7.8 to 8.2 run rate until largely end of the year after we finish turnarounds. Our turnarounds will finish this year in the next couple of weeks. And then so December pretty will be wide open. Unfortunately, we do have a turnaround of Bartow scheduled in the first quarter of next year, pretty major sulfuric turnaround. So, there'll be some lumpiness to that, but look out beyond that at that 7.8 to 8.2. Conversion costs should come down, as I said earlier from kind of that high watermark in '23 by $20 to $30 per ton, and that should be sustained on an annualized type basis. Rock cost that we're about 55 kind of flat to where we had been this quarter in Florida. I think there's some upside to that when we get better lined out because there was some impact due to the hurricanes on fixed cost absorption there. But so minor upside on rock cost. And then it's just going to be a matter on blended rock, how much Miski Mayo is being consumed at any given time in the mix as that is a little higher cost on the blend rock side. So, you put all that together and seeing around that $50, $55 rock cost sub 95-ish on conversion cost, and that's probably, I think, the numbers that you hope -- that you're looking for, the way I understand it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the Brazilian business into Fertilizantes, if you don't mind. Could you elaborate on what you're seeing in terms of like just farmer activity right now in Brazil, buying behavior and just like how transactions are going through because we're getting so many different signals out of Brazil, I would love to see what the business is for you right now in Brazil in particular.
Bruce Bodine: Yes, Ben, thanks. I'm going to just go ahead and turn that one right over to Jenny and talk about what's going on in Brazil as she's head of that commercial side and has a good pulse of that. So, Jenny?
Jenny Wang: Sure. Thanks, Bruce. Ben, I'm not surprised to hear that you say mixed message out of Brazil. I would start to say Brazil has been facing some challenges throughout the year, partially because of the headwind on the commodity prices. and partially also due to the credit or liquidity constraints at the farmer level. What we are saying most recently is that things changed a, it's really on the ag commodity prices. We see the prices started to climb up from the mid of the year and especially at the local level. The prices on res are actually higher than the U.S. dollar traded in Chicago market. Partially, it is because of the devaluation of real. Partially, it is because of the new demand, local demand, especially the newly added ethanol plants in the middle of the corn on growing states. And with that new demand, we're saying the farmers are selling at a higher price and to the local demand and that has largely improved their economics. So, we are tracking very closely on, a, how much green the farmers have sold for their next crops? And b, how much purchases they have made for their next season. So as of last Friday, for the coming safrinha corn, farmer has sold 67% of their crops, which is 7% higher than the same time of last year and close to the historical average. As a part of the progress as the farmers are selling corns and they are buying fertilizers. So, for the Company safrinha corn season, they have purchased over 60% of their fertilizers, which is ahead of the same time of last year. It's a similar situation for the summer, soybean season. It is early, I know, but usually at this point of time, farmers started to sell their next soybean crops already. As of last Friday, the farmers have sold 28% of the soybean, which they are going to plant next summer and this is 4% higher than the same time of last year and 7% higher than the year before. It's similarly to the purchases of the fertilizers. Last week, we saw a big step up. They have purchased 5% of their fertilizer for their next summer season, which is at par as the last two years. So, what I want to conclude is that as challenging as it is, at the grower level, we are seeing improving sentiment, improving economics and improving activities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Justin Pellegrino: This is Justin Pellegrino on for Vincent. I just had a quick question. You mentioned the unmet demand in India for phosphate because of the unfavorable government subsidy environment. Can you just give some commentary around how you're seeing those subsidies shifting on the ground? And then maybe how much product was missed out on 2024 that you could see shifting into 2025?
Bruce Bodine: Justin, thanks definitely saw a significant amount missed versus what trend demand would be in India. And I'm going to turn it over to Jenny to give the details. But whether it's a shift in the MRP or something on the subsidy itself, definitely see that, that's necessary in order to incentivize growers to actually put the demand that they need the crops. So, with that, let me turn it over to Jenny and kind of get into the detailed statistics.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Bruce. So, the farmer demand in India here to DAP and for the same reason, MLP as well are very strong, which is a, supported by very good months and b, supported by very good commodity prices. But on DAP itself, the demand has been so strong. Supply was not able to catch up. The economics that you mentioned on importers the importer economics are actually defined by two things, right? One is really the subsidy from the government, b, the differences between international price, CFR price and the farmer price. This year, farmer price are very low at $360 per ton. If you think about international market price is at 640-ish level. So, there is such a big gap the government has not been able to catch up on the subsidies. So therefore, the importers were reluctant to import from international market, and that has caused the shortage to the farmers. We estimate the DAP shipments reduction this year due to this dynamic might be around 2 million tons. Farmers still need this, 2 million tons. The shipments are partially from reduced consumption and partially coming from this fully depleted inventory. So, as we get into next year, things likely going to be changed, we assume, a, is the farmer price likely going to be adjusted, 350 is just probably too low and how that price is going to be adjusted. We assume that will be adjusted to the level farmers still have good economics to support it, partially, the government subsidy will need to be adjusted as well. So however, the dynamics are going to be played out. We know the Indian farmers will need to put down DAP on the ground. And we know that they were short this year already. There were a lot of publicity in country for the shortage of phosphate. So that laid a good foundation as the government get into their consideration for the subsidy into 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Wong: Just a few questions on phosphates. So, can you just clarify on the 8 million-ton phosphate run rate? Is that annualizing a monthly or quarterly production level when there's no turnarounds? And if so, what would be considered a realistic total annual production going forward when you just kind of account for all of that? And then just on phosphate demand, what are your assumptions assume for next year based on pricing and affordability because that's obviously had a big impact on phosphate demand this year as highlighted. So, prices need to come down a little bit to kind of support that phosphate demand growth? Just kind of wondering how you think about that?
Bruce Bodine: Andrew, yes, on phosphates -- all of that 7.8 million to 8.2 million ton annualized range, it has what we would consider normal interruption due to historically normal turnarounds at historically normal scope as well as historically normal weather disruptions. What we've seen over the last couple of years and getting back to that run rate is abnormally large turnaround time and turnaround scope. And then, of course, this year, more abnormally weather-related and issues due to the hurricane. So based on history, now whether history repeats itself on hurricanes, that's a whole different question. If we do see this type of weather pattern going forward, we probably have some downside on the range. But that 8 million, if you want to pick a single point between the 7.8 and 8.2 is something that we'd expect on an annualized basis. The lumpiness may be month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, depending on how many turnarounds are in any given quarter or in any given month, obviously. But that would make that up, as we said, in the back half of the year or in the first half of the year, depending on when that turnaround fell. So, the 8 million is an average realized number not and need to handicap that more. As far as demand growth, for sure, prices and phosphate have been high but price overall, I think you got to look at affordability on all of the input costs at the farm gate. Obviously, potash very affordable right now. But what's going on with land rent, what's going on with other input costs have to go into account as well as what we've seen this year is pretty large yields on given acres. And that will turn out to be a little better on farmer economics as well. We have seen in Brazil, as an example, barter ratios, as Jenny talked about, starting to rise. So, the constructiveness is always a function of what's going on in the geography, obviously, but we believe overall affordability will still be there for the farmer when you add everything together, and the amount of nutrients being taken off of this crop, particularly in North America, are quite large. I think Jenny talked about that earlier, and the need to replenish that is going to be high without suffering some type of yield impact. And I'll turn it over to Jenny and see if you want to add any more.
Jenny Wang: Yes. Thanks, Bruce. I think, Andrew, I would say next year, the demand growth, probably not likely going to say because price comes down and the demand grow. I would turn that to say the demand might only grow if supply can be really improved. Our current forecast on supply side of the assumption for 2025, there's no major increases, but more on the improvement like ourselves on the production. So, if the supply can be improved next year, the demand will get to grow. The price like Bruce mentioned, it's probably not necessarily going to be the factor to define the size of the demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez from Mizuho. Please go ahead with your question.
Edlain Rodriguez: Just a follow-up to the phosphate question. So, Bruce, when you look at all the data and charts show in faucet affordability being such an outlier compared to the other nutrients. Like what goes to your mind? Is it that great I'm exposed to the best and hardest nutrient right now in DAP? Or is there some apprehension being such an outlier?
Bruce Bodine: Yes, Edlain, I appreciate the question. Right now, it obviously appears to be -- well, it is high as nutrient on its own. I talked about the aggregate, but I know that's not the nature of your question. What would things that we would be looking for to be more concerned or more confident would be the announcement of significant new capacity, right? As Jenny said, in our view, the constructiveness of the phosphate market on its own is unique because it is limited on supply. That is what's driving prices. It isn't the fact that anyone is trying to manipulate or do anything on prices one way or the other. It just is based on the limited supply, intersecting demand, that is the fair price for phosphate. If somebody were to announce new capacity, historically, if you look back in time, when things have trended for this long, whether it be an OCP or a modern, new supply would have been announced. That just simply hasn't happened to significance that we believe is going to change anything in our forecast or the way we look at that price, at least in the near term. So going into 2025, still feel that realized stripping margins for Mosaic are going to be quite good. And until we see something change on the supply side fundamentally, that is going to stay I don't think we have great concerns that there is an obvious catalyst for something to change on the pricing side. Jenny, anything that I may have missed?
Jenny Wang: Yes, I guess the only one thing, Bruce, I would add. The high prices of phosphate today are also supported by high raw material prices. If you look at the price of ammonia and sulfur, they stay at a very elevated level as well. So, if anything changes next year on the S&D side of ammonia, for example, or sulfur that might adjusted the price for phosphate, although the stripping margin of phosphate are really depend on the S&D, as Bruce mentioned earlier. So, I just want to add that one point.
Bruce Bodine: Operator, is there another question?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our next question comes from Joshua Spector from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Lucas Beaumont: This is Lucas Beaumont on for Josh. I just wanted to get back to Fertilizantes. So you always have your kind of updated shipment outlook there on Slide 10. You're kind of putting in 2025, that's going to be like the fifth year in a row with relatively kind of range-bound shipments. I know we've had a lot of interruptions of different factors over that period. So, I guess just going back further, we used to kind of get 5% a year in sort of growth there in the prior decade. So just be curious to kind of get your thoughts there now on how you see the outlook for that market going forward. Do you expect a higher return to higher growth rates there? Or have we sort of reached a more stable kind of lower growth phase now?
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Lucas. I think we're still very optimistic in Brazil on overall fertilizer demand growth. If I understood the nature of your question because it was a little bit static, but let me turn it over to Jenny to kind of talk more about the details on what we see there going into next year.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Bruce. I think for Brazil next year, we do expect the market is going to continue to grow and expand. And as we mentioned earlier, the farm economics are improving, barter ratios are improving. So, the sign that we're seeing today support our forecast for next year on overall market expansion. For ourselves, you mentioned, if I heard you correctly, you mentioned our own sales volume. I would say we've been very consistent. As we operate in a market like Brazil, especially for our distribution business, we are always pursuing for margin of value than the volume, especially in this year and with the credit risk environment, we are very surgical and selective on who we sell to and what kind of credit risk that we are taking. As a result of it, our volume probably not growing as much as the market growth, but we -- again, we are pursuing value over volume.
Bruce Bodine: And then, Lucas, again, now that I Jenny was talking about it. We do have our [indiscernible] investment as well, which will add another 1 million tons of distribution capability, which right now, we're at kind of that 9 million mark of distribution capability for blended fertilizers. So [indiscernible] will add another 1 million in the north of Brazil where we don't have owned footprint today, and that will come online middle of next year. So, that's another point where we'll be able to grow. Again, to Jenny's point, as long as it makes economic sense and risk-adjusted sense for us based on what's going on with credit and other things like that. But that will be the flexibility that we'll have to continue to grow in Brazil, which we still believe is one of the key agricultural markets to be in, in the world.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Two-part question. President Lukashenko of Belarus suggested that Russia might curtail its potash shipments. Have you seen any signs that either Belarus or [indiscernible] [VolgaKaliy] or EuroChem are curtailing in any way? And second, in China, if you look at overall phosphate production in China, inclusive of what shipped to the local markets and exports. Has that total volume risen or fallen relative to the year when trying to export it at very, very high rates, 11 million tons?
Bruce Bodine: Yes. No, Jeff, thanks. I think between Jenny and I, we can -- we got the gist of the question. But to our knowledge -- to my knowledge, I have not seen any evidence that Belarus or Russia have done anything either collaboratively or independently to reduce rates. Yes, we saw that article from President Lukashenko as well. But there's no evidence. In fact, I think the shipments at least in the data that we have access to out of Belarus anyways has been pretty consistent, Jenny, has it over the last quarter.
Jenny Wang: Yes. Yes.
Bruce Bodine: Yes. So, no evidence, Jeff. I mean, obviously, they're going to do what they do. And as a market participant in this space, we'll we look forward to whatever that is, one way or the other and then make our adjustments on our strategy. But that's the beauty of the resilient supply chain that we have, both with Canpotex and then ourselves with Colonsay as our flex. And we'll react appropriately, if something were to change in the overall S&D based on what has been set by Belarus. On the China thing, I think I'm just going to turn it directly over to Jenny to talk about that because she and the team have a lot of boots on the ground information. So, Jenny?
Jenny Wang: Sure. Jeff, to your question on phosphate production out of China, at the P205 level, this year, we are forecasting they're going to produce more phosphate-related products than last year or the year before. These increases of production, including the increases of LFP, as we mentioned earlier, but also increases of P4, which is yellow phosphorus which used to be coming from other routes and now to produce herbicide like glyphosate. Now more and more glyphosate are use -- are shifting production coming from the wet process, which is P205 that we're in the same space to compete the P205 molecule. So, the increases of LFP PPA and also the raw material for glyphosate is one of the drivers driving higher production of P205. On DAP, MAP, TSP, SSP level, we are seeing a increase of production as well. Well, you don't really see it from export with this increased production, but that is mostly driven by increases of local consumption. So, we are seeing significant step-up both overall NPK consumption -- well, I take it back, phosphate and potash consumption in China. Partially, I believe it is driven by the overall economics of the crops. The other thing that we are keeping a very close eye on is the adoption of GMO. This is the first year they started to grow GMO core and GMO soybean, which will require more intensified fertilizer management to maximize the yield. So that's just the other driver we will continue to report going forward.
Bruce Bodine: So, with that, I think, operator, we're going to stop taking questions, and I will go ahead and conclude the call. So, thank you, everyone. And to conclude our call, I want to emphasize our key points. We've overcome three hurricanes and other challenges. And today, Mosaic is in excellent position to benefit from improving business conditions. We're investing in our strengths while acknowledging areas where we need to improve returns. We're reducing costs and capital expenditures. Our Mosaic Biosciences business is growing fast, and our plants and mines are running hard and safely to help us meet the strong demand for our products. We're energized for the future and our outlook for the remainder of this year and 2025 is positive. So, thank you for joining our call, and everyone have a great and safe day.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Jason Tremblay. Jason, you may begin.
Jason Tremblay : Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter 2024 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Bruce Bodine, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat, then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jenny Wang, Executive Vice President of Commercial, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday, and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Bodine: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. Before we begin, I want to acknowledge that we have recently experienced some serious safety incidents. We take safety extremely seriously, and we are working to further improve our culture to ensure our people go home safe after every shift. Moving on to our earnings discussion. This morning, I will add some color to the information we published, and then we'll get to your questions. This was another solid quarter for Mosaic, both in terms of our results and our operational progress. For the quarter, Mosaic delivered adjusted EBITDA of $584 million on revenues of $2.8 billion, compared with adjusted EBITDA of $744 million in revenues of $3.4 billion a year ago. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.54, compared with $1.04 in 2023. We are making good progress across our strategic initiatives, both to grow the company and manage costs, and our market outlook remains constructive. I'll start with the actions we're taking to strengthen the business for the long term. We are hyper-focused on managing costs, and we're making good progress across G&A operating and capital expenditures. Since the announcement of our $150 million expense reduction program between SG&A and cost control measures implemented in Brazil, we have already achieved more than one-third of the annual run rate cost savings target. This does not include phosphate fixed cost absorption, resulting from higher production volumes in the second quarter. We have also executed Phase 1 of our third-party contractor reduction plan in Brazil, and expect to begin seeing the benefits in the second half of this year. With several projects winding down in careful CapEx management, we are on track to achieve our targeted $200 million reduction in capital expenditure. Our work to improve our operations and driving operating efficiency is paying off. Phosphate production volume in the second quarter increased by almost 100,000 tons over the first quarter. This is a significant improvement on an annualized basis. Efficiency improvement is also seen in our potash and Mosaic Fertilizantes segments, where unit production costs improved meaningfully across the board. Our growth projects are proceeding well. Our microessentials expansion at Riverview is operating and ramping up. Our potash compaction project at Esterhazy is complete, and the new Palmeirante blending facility in the northern region of Brazil is on track to be completed in 2025. Our Mosaic Biosciences business is making significant progress. In fact, we have launched our biological products in North America, Brazil, China, India, and nine other Central American markets. Our products are now in use on 5 million acres in North and Central America, which highlights the competitive advantage our brand, customer relationships, and distribution strength provide as we introduce new and innovative products. We completed and successfully launched our global digital acceleration program, which is driving improved customer service, cost reductions, and many other benefits. The strength of our business and our cost controls have allowed us to continue to return significant capital to shareholders. We have returned almost $300 million to shareholders, including $160 million of share repurchases in the first six months of this year. Our business improvements are complemented by the positive signs we're seeing in fertilizer and broader agriculture markets. Strong global phosphate demand drove higher prices through the second quarter as seasonal sentiment improved. We believe the long-term outlook for phosphate with increasing demand for food, fiber, fuel, and industrial use is compelling. Potash contract settlements in China and India established a price floor and brought buyers back to the market. In-season fertilizer demand in Brazil is strong, and we continue to execute well amid the recovering ag environment there. Mosaic Resources results are solid and our cost position demonstrates improvements. Let's take a deeper look at our progress in the U.S. phosphate business, where our goal is to return to a run rate of 8 million tons per year by the end of 2024. We're making good progress as demonstrated in our second quarter production volumes, which advanced 98,000 tons from the first quarter. On a run rate basis, some of our facilities, specifically Varto in New Wales, have achieved about 90% of the production levels we need to reach our system-wide goal. Our turnaround work is clearly paying off. For example, in New Wales, following the turnarounds we executed in March and April, we saw a significant step up in production for the second quarter. In Louisiana, our production run rate has improved after several unplanned outages last year and has reached 85% of the target production level. Several projects are scheduled for the remainder of the year, which will further close the gap to the target rate. Riverview performance in the quarter was lower than target rate due to the outage caused by a brush fire earlier this year and a normal pace of production ramp-up after a major capacity conversion, which was completed in May. The outlook for the rest of the year is solid. All in all, we are pleased with the progress we have made in our production ramp, and our hard work will continue to grow. We will continue to pay off for the remainder of the year. Higher production brings lower unit costs, as you can see in our second quarter results. The majority of our turnaround activity will be complete by the end of the year, resulting in significant production improvements and a $20 to $30 per ton conversion cost savings. Now, let's move on to a brief look at the markets. Ag commodity markets have diverged around the world, with corn and soybean prices softening and other crop prices, notably for palm oil, rising. The important factor for Mosaic is that crop nutrients remain affordable for most of the world's farmers, which leads to strong fertilizer demand and application. In phosphate, our long-term positive outlook continues. Rising demand for grains and oilseeds to support both increasing food and fuel demand combines with soaring demand for industrial uses to create competition for limited phosphate supply. Chinese exports remain subdued, and major new supply is years away. In the short term, the seasonal price reset that we saw in the first and second quarters of this year was shorter and less severe than expected. Prices have rebounded, given strong demand and tight supply. North American demand is particularly strong, with buyers seeking summer fill after emptying their bins this spring. Brazil demand is also good, with growers concerned about limited availability. In India, where grower demand is very strong, importers are still awaiting a more compelling government subsidy. While Chinese exports have resumed, recent news indicates that government restrictions could tighten, given rising in-country phosphate prices. Due to the positive dynamics and sentiment, as well as subdued raw material costs, stripping margins remain well above historical averages, and we expect strong margins to continue. The potash market remains balanced. After a very strong North American spring planting season, our summer fill program was very well received. In fact, the recent contract settlements in China and India signaled a floor for prices, and as usual, stimulated buying activity all over Asia, resulting in Canpotex being sold out through quarter three. We restarted Colonsay in early July to make sure we have enough product to meet our customer commitments while Esterhazy is in turnaround. Keep in mind, we need to run Colonsay for approximately five months to offset one month of Esterhazy production. We will continue to flex Colonsay as needed. Now, I'll provide some color to our segment results. In phosphate, we reported adjusted EBITDA of $308 million on revenue of $1.2 billion. Sales volumes were solid and higher than first quarter, and prices were strong. Margins were up from the first quarter due to strong pricing, fewer tons purchased from third parties, and our lower conversion costs. We expect sales volumes to increase sequentially in the third quarter. Potash adjusted EBITDA was $271 million on revenue of $663 million. While second quarter prices declined from the first quarter, sales volumes were solid and costs were down. We remain highly efficient in our operations. In fact, production unit costs improved again in the second quarter with MOP cash production costs per ton declining 11% from the first quarter. Our third quarter pricing expectations reflect a higher mix of international sales compared with the second quarter. In Brazil, we recorded adjusted EBITDA of $96 million and sales volumes of 2.2 million tons. Our results were solid due to our strategy of prioritizing margin and cash flow over volume. Our distribution margin was within our normalized $30 to $40 per ton range, and we expect similar margins in the third quarter. Our production margins improved from prior year. Cash unit costs of mine rock and phosphate and potash production all came down due to our focus on cost reductions. In addition, we had another strong quarter in co-product sales. Finally, a brief word on capital allocation. Our strategy has not changed. We're investing in the business, conserving capital where we can, and returning excess cash to shareholders. To conclude, Mosaic is executing well across our strategic initiatives. And we are generating solid results, and our outlook for the remainder of 2024 and beyond is positive. Now, let's move on to the first set of questions.
Jason Tremblay : Thanks, Bruce. Before we move on to the live Q&A, as we've done in past quarters, we'd like to address some of the most common questions we received after publishing our earnings last night. Our first question is related to the markets. What is your view on the demand outlook for fertilizers given the recent weakness in corn and soybean prices?
Bruce Bodine: That's a great question. So let me start first with the ag commodity market, which is very constructive with global grain and oil seed stock-to-use ratios still well below historical average. While no doubt corn and soybean prices have softened, other grain and oil seeds, and specialty crops, are favorable, especially for crops like palm oil and rice. And I want to remind investors, as we've said in the last couple of earnings calls, that only one-third of phosphate and potash consumption is related to corn and soybeans. And the demand pull from the remaining crops continues to support constructive fertilizer fundamentals. On a higher level, phosphate demand is strong across all the key markets we sell in. For potash, demand has definitely come back significantly, particularly in Southeast Asia given the favorable weather conditions, pent-up demand for multi-year under-application, and the current attractive prices. The recent settlements of the China and India seaborne contracts are going to further simulate demand all over Asia. With that, I'm going to pass it over to Jenny to talk a little more details about the near-term demand.
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Bruce. There's no doubt that growers in the U.S. and Brazil are watching the future corn and soybean prices. Along with any news that's about weather development, which might impact the yield projection and hence prices. In terms of the near-term demand, in North America we had a very strong summer fuel program. In fact, we have sold out all of our Q3 available phosphate and 80% of our available potash tons in the North American market. In Brazil, summer season is in full swing. The demand is robust. We expect 2024 shipment is going to be at the record or going to set a new record. We are having a very full sales book to execute upon. We have sold 100% of our available tons for Q3 with a very strong customer prepayment. In India, with favorable monsoon, growers need their fertilizers to maximize their production on rice, wheat, and other crops. [Technical Difficulty] in order to come to the U.S. to watch the program in order to get more DAP the country. In China, we have seen very strong domestic shipment for both phosphate and potash in the first half of the year. We are seeing 20% growth year-over-year, supported by very strong ag fundamentals and supported by their policies to ensure food security.
Jason Tremblay : Thanks, Bruce and Janie. For our next question, what is the latest on phosphate exports out of China, and how do you see that evolving over the rest of the year?
Bruce Bodine: Well, this is something we pay attention to a lot. We anticipate limited exports of phosphate out of China, which bodes well for global phosphate prices. First half exports were approximately 1 million tons below this same time in 2023 due to strong in-country demand for both fertilizers and industrial uses. China's domestic prices continue to move up considering that demand, and we believe the export restrictions will likely remain or potentially even be tightened to limit further domestic price escalation. With that, I'm going to ask Jenny and pass it over to her to share some additional details.
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Bruce. As Bruce mentioned, the first half export in China reduced by 27% or over a million tons. That is the result of the changes in Chinese local S&D for phosphate. On the demand side, Chinese phosphate domestic shipment increased over 20% in the first half of the year, which is probably the record. They're driven by several factors. First, strong ag fundamentals supported by ag policies to ensure food security. Second, meaningful growth of vegetable and fruit planting acreage over the last five years. Third, the introduction of high-tech seeds technologies have required more balanced fertilizer to maximize the yield. And lastly, we also recognize there are some earlier seasonal pools for the fall demand. As a result of it, the demand of Chinese phosphate domestic shipment has increased significantly in the first half of the year. And then let's look at the supply side. Continued shift from fertilizer production to industrial products like PPA, LFP, has reduced availability of fertilizers, especially DAP. The production of LFP in the first half of the year has reached to over 1.1 million tons, which is an increase of 82% year-over-year. And that represents over 90% compound annual growth rate from 2020 to 2023. So in the first half of 2024, over 1 million tons of DAP products are shifted to LFP. So the growth of domestic demand, the reduction of production, fast rising prices have had Chinese government tightly controlled the export of phosphate out of China. We expect the restrictions is going to continue in the second half and going forward.
Jason Tremblay : Sticking with phosphates for our next question, how's the production ramp up going? And how do you see the rest of the year playing out from a volume and cost perspective?
Bruce Bodine: We're making significant progress in our phosphate production ramp up. And as a result, we're seeing good fixed cost absorption benefits, especially in the past two months. You can see the progress in our second quarter production volume and unit conversion costs. Our volumes were up close to 100,000 tons sequentially, which is a significant achievement. And our cash conversion costs were the lowest since the end of 2023. We have certain sites, for example, Bartow in New Wales, which are performing particularly well and are contributing at the rates required for the business to return for historical production objectives. We'll undertake several maintenance turnarounds in Louisiana and Riverview to further improve our production run rate in the second half of the year. Note, we will always see some variations from quarter to quarter due to the normal turnaround schedule, the scope of those turnarounds, and the decisions we make on finished product mix from the phosphoric acid we produce. So we expect annual production to be in the range of 7.8 million to 8.2 million tons once we get back into a normal routine on turnaround activities. Unit costs are expected to demonstrate continued improvement as we increase production, and we're on track to achieve $20 to $30 per ton in cost reduction from higher operating efficiency.
Jason Tremblay : Now switching over to Potash, what's the thought process on restarting Colonsay?
Bruce Bodine: Well, thanks for that question. I know it's on a lot of people's minds, but for Mosaic, and we've been consistent with this. Colonsay is an important component of our Potash portfolio. It gives us the flexibility to meet our operating objectives. One objective is to ensure we meet market demand. Now that the settlements of the China and India Potash contracts are behind us and a price floor is established, our focus is to produce enough product to meet customer commitments. We have maintenance activities and turnaround scheduled for our assets every year, and in fact, Esterhazy is scheduled for one in the third quarter of this year. In order to have enough product on hand to meet our commitments with Canpotex, which we just mentioned was sold out for the third quarter, we must restart Colonsay. And just as a reminder, it takes approximately five months of Colonsay operating to replace approximately one month of Esterhazy production.
Jason Tremblay : Our next question is related to Brazil. The market has been challenging for several quarters in a row within your industry. What is the latest situation from your perspective?
Bruce Bodine: The operating environment in Brazil agriculture has been challenging for the past year. And it has taken a toll on many participants in the market. I will highlight that our deep expertise and strong brand in Brazil market, with over two decades of distribution experience, has allowed us to mitigate the market-related risks and deliver strong results. Our assets, which include in-country production, ports, warehouses, and blending facilities, provide us with the required scale, geographic diversification, and cost efficiency to succeed in this geography. Our strengths have allowed us to gain further advantage as others have exited the market or reduced their footprint in-country. Retailers and large growers have turned to us for reliable supply, and we are here to meet that demand.
Jason Tremblay : Thanks, Bruce. For the next question, you previously announced targets related to cost savings and CapEx reductions. Are you on track to meet those targets?
Bruce Bodine: We've made significant progress on our cost and CapEx initiatives. There are three categories. The first, operating efficiency. In phosphate, higher production volumes have significantly improved our fixed-cost absorption. We had very good results in the past two months, as I previously mentioned. And as you can see, our cash conversion costs have decreased 15% from the high point in the end of last year. We do expect further improvement in the remainder of the year as production volume continues to recover. Operating efficiency is not just in the phosphate segment, however. Costs came down in the potash and Mosaic Fertilizantes segments as well. Our unit cash cost of mined rock, Phosphate conversion and Potash production declined across all three segments since the same time last year. Second, our cost focus is not exclusively on operations. We have a focus on reducing costs in all areas of the company. As mentioned last quarter, we have had plans to reduce headcount, mostly third-party contractors. I'm pleased to announce we have implemented the first phase of that reduction. We will start reaping the benefits in the second half of 2024. The full program will be completed by mid-2025 and result in run-rate savings of approximately $20 million to $30 million. Our other cost controls in Brazil and SG&A reduction are also on track. Since the inception of the initiatives, we have achieved about $50 million in run rate cost reductions, about one third of the total $150 million target. Finally, on the CapEx front. We finished several growth projects in the past six months. As these projects continue to wind down, we are on track to reduce CapEx by $200 million this year.
Jason Tremblay: Thanks, Bruce. With that, we'll now move on to the open question-and-answer session. Operator, please open the line for follow-up questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Ben Isaacson : Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone. Question on the Phosphate side of the business. You have high prices against low crop prices, but it doesn't sound like you're worried about demand disruption in the Americas. It doesn't sound like you're worried about trade flow becoming an issue out of China. So if we put our bear hats on, what's going to break this Phosphate cycle right now? Is it new supply coming on? Can you address that? And then just as my follow-up, can you talk about where you expect LFP demand to be in DAP equivalent terms in 2030? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine : Well, thanks, Ben. I'll take the first part of your question and then maybe pass it over to Jenny for any commentary on the LFP. But we agree, Phosphate prices look very constructive for the near term. And as far as what is out there to change something, we don't see a lot of new capacity come on, which historically is -- or announced in the near term, which historically has been something that could influence kind of outlook on price and the fact that that's not there of significance. We're very optimistic about how prices are going to play out. If you look at our stripping margins well over $400. We kind of continue to see that in the back half of the year and that kind of mid-$400 range. No doubt, there's affordability issues. But if you look at total crop affordability, I think Jenny talked about that earlier in the fireside chat, it is still very constructive, although no doubt pressures on certain areas on corn and soybeans as an example. But again, 30%, 33% of overall P&K demand is in corn and soybeans and then the other 67% is in other grain and oilseeds, which quite honestly, it's very constructive and healthy. For example, palm oil, sugarcane, coffee, other things like that. But I don't see right now a big catalyst to change that in the forthcoming future. But you never know what could come out geopolitically or something like that, but I think that's what it would take. With that, I'll turn it over to Jenny to maybe answer the LFP part or Jenny, if you've got anything else to add on the market itself.
Jenny Wang : Sure. Thanks, Bruce. Ben, probably to your question on LFP, I just want to remind ourselves at this point of time, LFP is mainly used in China and mainly used both for Chinese producers and also for Tesla. So the LFP have been used as a battery for EV, adoption in Chinese production was already up to 69%, meaning 69% of the EV batteries are using LFP. Longer-term projection -- there are very big range of protection on LFP growth globally. We believe going forward, the global EV battery adoption for LFP is going to be somewhere between 35% to 55%. We don't believe it is going to ever reach to the level as in China today. The other bigger driver on LFP adoption is really on the storage -- energy storage ESS stationary battery. And the adoption of that part on LFP is already over 80% and that battery being produced in China mainly and shipped to rest of the world and by Tesla as well. And we believe that is going to be the major driver for LFP going forward. So very wide range. And if you use China as a proxy for EV, the future growth from rest of the world is going to continue. And lastly, people don't pay a lot of attention on the storage stationary battery, which is probably going to be a bigger driver. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews : Thank you. And good morning, everyone. Wondering just to start off with, if you could give us an update on where you think industry shipments are going to be for '24 for both Potash and Phosphate and whether those expectations have improved since the year began. And then as -- why don't we just start there?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. No, thanks, Vincent. For Phosphate, our projections in the range of 73 million to 76 million tons global shipments. For Potash, that range is 70 million tons to 73 million tons. I think -- and Jenny, correct me if I'm wrong, our Potash numbers have kind of have gone up a little bit, that midpoint around 1 million tons based on what we're seeing develop in Southeast Asia and really all Asian markets in general, given where these contracts have settled in China and India and kind of the sentiment that, that's provided confidence in the industry that kind of the bottom set in on potash. On Phosphate, I don't think that range has changed very much for us, since the beginning of the year, just given that supply is limited, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews : Okay. And then as a follow-up, if you could just give us a refresh or an update on where the CVD situation in the U.S. is, I believe it's still under some back and forth between the different relevant agencies. But if you could just give us any pertinent update there, that would be helpful.
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. As we've said before, there's always a lot going on in that space. I know it's hard to track, but ITC still has appeals and rulings that they owe the industry and the Department of Commerce several months ago came out with their preliminary rate adjustments for last year 2023. And those went up for OCP like 12%. They went down for PhosAgro, about 10% and stayed the same for EuroChem. But again, those are preliminary. The final numbers will come out in November. So we'll wait and see what happens between now and then.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson : Hi. Good morning. Mosaic Fertilizantes. Can you talk about -- normally, we're obviously going to see seasonality in Q3, the business earns more in Q3 versus Q2. And talking about normal -- can you talk about like what you're seeing in that business? Are volumes normal? Or are we seeing is it destocking or just in time in Brazil? Are margins going to be similar in Q3 versus Q2 to the point where maybe you'd see a smaller Q3 seasonal earnings bump than normal Q2 because Q2 was pretty good for margin? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine : Thanks, Joel. I'll start just at the high level and maybe Jenny can get into some of the details on seasonality. But we're pretty pleased overall with the performance of Mosaic Fertilizantes. And I know in this space, there's a lot of other players are not having as good news and success for us that could be an opportunity. But we do see margins staying pretty steady in that $30 to $40 range for our distribution volumes and don't see that really changing much. On the volume side, overall, in Brazil, still see very good overall volumes and total fertilizer demand for the year. Maybe there's some risk at the end of the year due to some things, but still see and Jenny can get into that, still see at or near historical fertilizer shipments in that market for the full year. Jenny?
Jenny Wang : Sure, Bruce. Probably I just want to provide a little bit color on the seasonality and where we see the market as of today. The sulphur season, it's in full swing. We are seeing very strong demand and which is basically the ongoing Q3 is the delivery for the sulphur season. The farm economics were very solid, and the farmers are selling their own crops. On soybean are actually ahead of last year and at 5 years average, though they're selling of the corn a little bit slower than 5 years average, but they're same as of last year. So farmers are really keeping pace on selling their crops which are really improving the liquidity in the system. And specifically for fertilizer, they call commercialization. If we assume the full year is going to set a new record for the shipment of the year, 82% of the fertilizers for the full year has been sold. This number is slightly lower than last year. For Mosaic, we are tracking the same pace as of last year. So we are selling ahead of the market trend for the season. And even with that, we are focusing on value, the volume and we're really prioritizing our sales and shipments to the customers who have a much lower credit risk. Lastly, there are some potential shift for the Q4 sales, which is a safrina season for corn and cotton. And there might be shift from November, December sales into January, that is going to define what is going to be the final shipment in Brazil going to be. The farmers are relatively more cautious for that season -- of seasonal buying. As of today, we have seen 30% of the buying for safrina versus in the mid-30s in the previous year. So it's relatively slower. There might be some of the demand shifting from late Q4 into early Q1. So that's basically the situation. We have sold every single our Q3. We're in full execution mode.
Joel Jackson : Okay. My thanks for that, Jenny. My second question would be kind of a two-parter quick. Just at the beginning of the call, you talked about safety and maintenance. So getting a lot of questions on that. Could you elaborate a bit more? And then second question, just quickly talk about phosphate production sales improving in Q4 versus Q3. Do you think you can get to that 2 million-ton quarterly run rate in Q4, Bruce?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. Joel, thanks for the additional questions. But the safety incident we had a serious incident at New Wales recently, actually was a fatality. And did -- not that it matters, but did get headline news and just wanted to be very transparent about that. It's something that is worse outcomes for us as industrial operators. And as we said, take that very seriously and lessons learned and shared across the entire geography with that. But we feel for the families and those impacted by any incidents that we have of seriousness within Mosaic. On the Phosphate ramp-up and return to production, as you saw Quarter 1 to Quarter 2, definitely demonstrating results. I think one of the slides we have on our earnings material in the presentation kind of hopefully shows a little more color on how we're progressing. As we said, Bartow and New Wales have shown good signs due to the investments that we've made there and finally catching up on the turnarounds, even going back to COVID, as we've talked about in several calls before. Louisiana is also ramping up, had a decent quarter, but still more to go as we've got some more work to do there in the back half of the year. And then Riverview with the brushfire that we've talked about before and then the conversion of the one large granulation plant over to MicroEssentials and ramping that production up as kind of hurt that operating rate in Quarter 2, but still more work to do in the second half of the year that we have planned, but definitely optimistic that in aggregate with the work that we have teed up and the demonstration that we've seen at New Wales and Bartow that we're well on our way to kind of hitting that historical run rate that we've talked about, and confident that we'll get there Joel.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne : Bruce. I'd like to drill into your outlook for Potash fundamentals, you raised your global -- or your shipments for the year a bit, but we've had a couple of years that were really low. I guess my question is, do you have a view on whether inventory levels in the world are roughly back to normal or soy nutrient levels relatively back to normal? And if not, why do you think pricing here is roughly the same as they were in 2019? And yet we got 40% of global supply, the sanctions? Are you getting a value proposition out of Canpotex?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. Steve, that's a pretty complicated question. I mean maybe it's just easier to back up on how we see the overall Potash market. I mean first on supply. Although, yes, you're right, sanctions exist on products, particularly in the FSU, in Belarus, particularly. But we're seeing trade flows have just been shifted around. They're getting their product out. There's been a large rebound both in Russia and Belarus, this year versus last year, but it's been progressing over the last couple of years. So those tons are available. They're just hitting the geographies given the restrictions that they have, markets that they can participate in, they're just taking larger share in closer to home markets. Think about Belarus is doing it with rail into China, but it's coming at a cost to serve for them, which is probably raising the umbrella on how low potash prices could ultimately go by $40 to $50 versus historical numbers, just given the type of logistics gymnastics they have to do to get into the markets that are available to them. But there are several buyers. If you want to look at it that way, geographies that the sanctions don't really matter. Brazil is going to buy from whoever they need to because they're a large importer. And so again, it is simply just moved the trade flows around. And I think the supply side is much return to where it was kind of before the sanctions. And then we're seeing demand as that supply has come back, return as well, Steve. So this year, at 70 million to 73 million-ton outlook, it's going to be at or near record. So I think the nutrients are going down as the supply becomes more and more available. And then obviously, long term, unlike Phosphates and Potash, there are significantly announced expansions in Greenfield mines coming on. And as growth in demand happens, pick your number, 2% to 3% compound annual growth rate, that demand is going to be needed, but it's probably going to keep prices in a more constrained zone than what you may see in for instance, Phosphates. Jenny, I don't know if you have anything to add. She's saying no, Steve. So I guess I got that one.
Steve Byrne : Okay. Very good. Thank you. And I'd like to drill in just a little bit on the, the biologicals that you're now selling, I believe that both are involved in nutrient uptake. I guess my question for you on that is what is the business model of selling these biologicals? Are they effectively blended with your P&K blended material that you sell? Or is this sold through a completely different channel? Just where do you see this business model going? And do those biologicals result in any reduction in the P&K application rates required on that land?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah, Steve, thanks. First off, we're excited about biologics. And we see a lot of synergies with our distribution network, our customer relationships, the brand that we have, at least what we believe that we have in the marketplace, we're bringing higher-performing products with real science and data back to results to the market. And we think they're very complementary to what we're currently selling, and I'm going to let Jenny get into a lot more of the details of that and unpack that a little bit more. But we see meaningful growth potential for these. And we think we have good products already in the market that are delivering significant yield results without impact to overall fertilizer application. In fact, the 2 combined of 1 plus 1 equals more than 2 in this regard, yield standpoint and really helps the story of how to help farmers or growers get more out of the same amount of acres of land. But Jenny's team has been doing a lot of work to develop launch programs in various geographies that we talked about in some of our pre-recorded comments. So I'll turn it over to Jenny to talk a little bit more about mechanisms, delivery and any other salient points there.
Jenny Wang : Sure, Bruce. Steve, in terms of the go-to-market for our bioscience products, firstly, as you can imagine, we go through our current customer base and the current market access, basically, the products are coated with the fertilizer granulars. So that is one of the major go-to-market approach for our product. One of the major leading brands that currently we're selling in Americas. North America and Central America, PowerCoat, are basically coated on the fertilizer granulars. We also have a current brand bypass are sold as a standalone foliar application. So that usually can be mixed with fungicide and insecticide. So when the farmers are treating their crops. As you well know that we have invested in the next-generation nitrogen fixation product, that product is likely going to go with seed coating, as the go-to-market approach, which is going to give the highest efficiency and the lowest cost. And we're working with several major seed companies on that front. And hopefully, we can provide more updates in the near future. Thanks.
Operator: In the interest of time, [Technical Difficulty].
Unidentified Analyst: [indiscernible] Can you basically quantify in terms of how long Esterhazy will be down during the quarter? And then also related to that, Colonsay being restarted. So this is essentially in capacity just to replace that lost tonnage during the turnaround. Any associated costs with that? And how do you expect cost to be impacted in 3Q? And then into 4Q, I guess? Do we go back to the normal sort of portfolio of the Esterhazy, the bulk capacity for production? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine : Richard, thanks. We do have -- as you know, the scheduled turnaround, as you mentioned at Esterhazy, right now, it's roughly a month, and that will be plus or minus few days based on discoverables as they get into pieces of equipment and things like that as always. But as we talked about, based on the capacity comparison, you have to run Colonsay about five months to offset one month of Esterhazy production. So Colonsay likely is going to run much of the remainder of the year to provide that volume offset exactly as you said. Colonsay, as we've demonstrated before and as we talked about, is our flexible tonnage to do exactly that, to look at what the market needs overall and make sure that we can meet our commitments and then to serve as backup for instances like this where we need to make sure a product is in our warehouses and position to meet international demand or domestic demand in those times where we do maintenance turnaround. From a cost standpoint, we prefer to run always, Bell plan and Esterhazy first as those are our two low-cost -- solidly low-cost producers here in North America. Colonsay is higher in cost. So there's likely going to be some cost effect on production cost during the times that that's running. But, we've made significant improvements over time in Colonsay and stripped costs there. So the incremental cost is not going to be that significant from an overall unit cost standpoint. So I'll leave it there, Richard, and move on to the next question, given time.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson : Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Bruce, in your prepared remarks, you alluded to phosphate shipping margins remaining well above historical averages and expected to remain so. just given some of the cost dynamics within your own phosphate business and some of the actions you're taking, would you -- how big of a gap -- input prices and current GAAP prices, how big of a gap do you see in terms of your realized -- whether gross margin per ton or EBITDA per ton, versus what the stripping margins reflect? And if I could ask a specific question on the quarter, your ammonia costs in COGS went up sequentially despite more internal ammonia production, which is the cheapest that you could buy. Natural gas has gone down and Tampa ammonia prices really had trended lower through the second quarter and really haven't moved all that much. So can you just provide clarity on why the ammonia costs would have gone up sequentially?
Bruce Bodine : Thanks for the question. Let me maybe answer it a little bit well, differently, actually, our realized stripping margins are higher than benchmark stripping margins. And that's something that probably don't have a lot of insight as we don't report on that. But because of exactly what you just said is our ammonia cost advantages with our long-term CF contract as well as up the first internal production at Fostina at producer economics. And then just our buying power for sulphur and even ammonia that's left on spot, it gives us a pretty good advantage given the geography where we import those raw materials as well. So it did go up on ammonia cost, as you said, Adam, in Q2, and that's really because in Q1, our ammonia plant was down for turnaround for much of Quarter 1, where we did have more spot going into inventory. And that's just actually that raw material ammonia flowing through inventory from quarter 1 into quarter 2. So the benefits of running more in quarter 2, you'll start to see those in quarter 3. So I hope that answers the bulk of your question in a little different way.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson : Thanks so much for taking the question. Bruce, your execution is, I'd say, very much on trajectory for kind of the goals you've been laying out phosphate stripping margins are looking a little bit higher. The cost curve is a little bit steeper than people have been anticipating, balance sheet is in great condition. I mean what else do you think needs to be done to reengage investors? Is it just -- is it your belief that further execution is the key, proving out your thesis in the context of low crop prices? Just what would be your kind of sense on current market dynamics right now?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. I mean I agree, Chris, and thanks for the question, that market fundamentals, as we talked about, appear to be strong and just don't see anything out there that's going to be a big derailer. But to your point, why are we not getting maybe more credit given how much we're leveraged into Phosphates. I think it is on execution and delivering those results. Yes, we're making progress, and I appreciate the commentary because we feel good about how we're executing on our strategy. But we do still have a lot to go in the back half of the year and to see that kind of 8 million ton, 7.8 million to 8.2 million ton run rate. Going into 2025, we still got to deliver upon that. And with that, as you well know, comes significant cost absorption and those cost absorption numbers aren't even in our cost savings as of right now, and we'll reconcile that and report on that on an annualized basis because of just too much noise from quarter-to-quarter. So I think it is execution. I think the other thing is -- and maybe, Jenny, if you've got any comments here, but is that people just think China is going to open up some magic floodgate on export. And we just don't see it that way. Based on the intelligence and the people we have in country, as Jenny has talked about, we're seeing very good demand domestically in China on Phosphate for agriculture, given their focus on food security and then you can't ignore the fact that LFP on the industrial side is making significant growth and is somewhat cannibalizing other available agricultural P205. So again, I don't know what it's going to take for people to believe in that. But I think this year demonstrates just how that policy in China is impactful. OCP may be exporting a little bit more, but the fact that China is exporting that much less kind of neutralizes that. So we just see very constructive fundamentals in Phosphates. Maybe people just got to see it for a little bit longer. And no doubt, we got to demonstrate on what we've said we can execute and control.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer : Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to quickly get your thoughts on Fertilizantes for the second half. You clearly had a very strong first half in terms of like the distribution margin. You're guiding for the historical range like being in there. What are like the puts and takes that could potentially take you higher? And if you could give us a preliminary preview as you think about the fourth quarter for the profitability at Fertilizantes? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine : I'll start maybe at a high level and Jenny, I'll turn it over to fill in a little bit more details. But we're very optimistic about the second half of the year in Fertilizantes -- mean just at a high level, again, just to reiterate kind of how we see this business is 9 million tons distribution historically growing to 10 million tons from a volume standpoint. $30 to $40 distribution margin, about $100 million of EBITDA contribution on co-products on an annualized basis. And maybe something we haven't talked about publicly, but as much -- it's available in our information, but I think it's worth highlighting is that there's another $100 million thereabouts of SG&A costs that kind of -- you got to take off the top. So throw all that together, you can do the math on what you think volumes are going to be quarter-by-quarter based on historical performance or whatever you do. But given the demand in Brazil, we see good returns and EBITDA contribution out of Fertilizantes in the second half of the year. Jenny?
Jenny Wang : Yeah. I guess your question specifically on Q4. I just want to say for Q3, repeat, we have solid sales book that we're executing upon. The volume is historically -- as historically, Q3 is the highest quarter, and the gross margin per ton is at the $30 to $40 range. For Q4, depending on how the market is going to move from second half of Q4 into first half of Q1, there might be some shift on the volumes. And also want to remind Q4 is the safrina season, where nitrogen has a much higher percentage in the total market, which we participate a little bit less than the softer season. So that's a reminder. Thanks.
Bruce Bodine : Thanks, Jenny. The only other thing maybe to think about is FX tailwinds. I mean with the FX movement over the last month, several weeks, there's definitely providing some tailwinds to our operating costs that are real-based. So that should help on the margin expansion as well.
Operator: Next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez : Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Just I mean -- Bruce or Jenny, just a quick question on the resiliency of phosphate price. How do you see that playing out in terms of the disconnect between P&K prices, like does that gap narrow by P coming down or K going up? Because it doesn't seem like that gap can continue forever.
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. Edlain, thanks for your question. I don't know that our crystal ball is any better than yours. And I think it just -- and Jenny, please help, but -- you go back to the fundamentals, I just think the supply and demand fundamentals on the global scale are different between those two commodities. And just because they are divergent today doesn't mean they need to converge. It would be my thoughts on this. It's very much going to be those two commodities independently what is going on from a supply and demand standpoint. We know what the crops need. It comes down to supply. Supply has probably got a more announced, as I said earlier, on Potash. And what can come to the market over the next decade. In Phosphopates, it's just not as clear as what is going to be a catalyst to bring to your point, pricing down. So in the meantime, we're optimistic on P, don't see prices with a lot of risk there in on K. I think the ZIP code of where prices are today is pretty solid for the foreseeable future. There may be some seasonal uptick here and there and from year to year, but I don't see some dramatic change in K moving up or moving down just because they're divergent today. It looks like Jenny doesn't have anything to add.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Spector from UBS. Please go ahead.
Lucas Beaumont : This is Lucas Beaumont on for Josh. I just want to go back to your comments kind of on the moving costs in Phosphates. So I mean they're down kind of 15% from the end of the year. But year-on-year, they're only down sort of about $5 ton or 5%. And you're still kind of running at about $100 a ton currently. If we go back to like 2018, 2019, when you used to produce the 8 million-ton run rate, that was about $65 million. So I mean, we know there's going to be benefits there as you sort of get back up to that run rate, be it the end of this year or sometime in '25, but can you kind of help us think about where is kind of the range there that you're thinking about? Is it $90 or $80? How should we sort of frame that up? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. Thanks, Lucas. Definitely -- I don't -- definitely may see that as volume at fixed cost absorption, and there's other benefits like electricity generation that we've talked about rather than buying third-party, will produce more of our own internal power that we generate and reap the benefits there. But overall, kind of from that historical high, we see a $20 to $30 reduction in total cost. Will we get back to that $65, $70 number, listen, the inflation that we've seen overall across the globe in United States, it's no different, and our operations are no different. I don't see getting back to those numbers. But we should definitely see further improvement, maybe another $20 down from where we are right now as we get to that historical run rate.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong : Hey, good morning. Actually two questions. So with the expansion stage for mid-2025, do you still anticipate needing to keep Colonsay kind of like on hot standby. And what's the cost to maintain that on standby, like if you permanently kind of shut that down like what would be a cost savings? And just broadly on the Potash strategy, can you just talk about the rationale and maintaining supply flexibility? How do you see that impacting buyer behavior, knowing that supply can just be available when they want it? And would it make more sense to maybe not have that excess capacity or flexibility available and maybe have a little bit more scarcity on supply?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah, Andrew, I mean we think that having Colonsay as a flexible option for when the market demand is there and it intersects appropriately with shareholder value that it does provide significant optionality to the upside for us. And we've demonstrated our responsibility to try to control that volume that we have based on the commitments that we have both to Canpotex and to our customers in North America where we can. But the fact that we need to run it right now is because you take the big dog out of the equation for a month, and that's a lot of tonnage that we have to make up for. And just given the tightness in the market and the inventory particularly on our side, we don't have inventory built up to be able to buffer that out. So Colonsay needs to come on. How long it will come on? As we always have said and always look at, it is going to come down to what's going on in the marketplace, what do we believe it looks like for the future in that regard, to your point, we'll make our own opinions on that. And does that intersect proper shareholder value at the same time? Right now, we're focused on through the end of the year. Colonsay is probably going to have to run to offset the Esterhazy turnaround, but we will continue, as we always have to monitor the best decisions for Mosaic and our shareholders and our customers and decide what to do with that going forward. So with that, I think we're done with the call, operator, on the questions. And I'll just conclude that I'd like to reiterate just a couple of key themes. One is Mosaic delivered solid second quarter results and operational performance. We are making steady progress on our strategic initiatives to grow the company, manage costs and maximize returns. Fertilizer demand is robust around the world, and our market outlook remains constructive. And our overall outlook for the remainder of 2024 is positive. So thanks, everyone, for joining our call, and have a great and safe day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 10:10:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I'll turn the floor over to your host for today's call, Jason Tremblay. Jason, you may begin. 
Jason Tremblay: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2024 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Bruce Bodine, President and Chief Executive Officer; followed by a fireside chat, then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Executive Vice President of Commercial, who will also be available to answer your questions. 
 We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bruce. 
Bruce Bodine: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. In addition to reviewing Mosaic's performance for the quarter, there are 3 key topics we'll discuss today. First, the transaction we announced with Ma'aden highlights our commitment to unlocking shareholder value. Exchanging our 25% stake in the MWSPC joint venture for an approximately $1.5 billion position in Ma'aden provides a clear indication of value and greater capital flexibility in the future. Second, we are making good progress on several high-return, low-capital intensity initiatives that will improve results across the commodity cycle. And third, fertilizer market fundamentals remain constructive and the phosphate supply and demand picture is particularly compelling. 
 As the North America spring planting season winds down and fertilizer prices have moderated, fertilizer demand strength is now emerging in other key agricultural geographies, which will bode well for pricing in the second half of the year. Before I dive deeper into these areas, let me summarize our first quarter results. Mosaic generated adjusted EBITDA of $576 million on revenues of $2.7 billion. The Phosphates segment generated adjusted EBITDA of $277 million on sales volumes of 1.6 million tonnes. Solid North American demand and limited supply pushed phosphate prices higher in the first quarter, and our realized stripping margins remain substantially above historical levels.
 Our results in this segment included a higher mix of sales sourced from third parties to mitigate the impact of the heavy turnaround schedule we discussed last quarter. The Potash segment generated adjusted EBITDA of $281 million on sales of 2.2 million tonnes, reflecting the benefits of strong spring seasonal demand in North America. Global prices have stabilized, including in Brazil, where we're seeing prices move higher as we head toward the [ safra ] season.
 For the first quarter, Mosaic Fertilizantes generated adjusted EBITDA of $83 million from sales of 1.7 million tonnes. The continued divergence of our performance from many others in the Brazil ag industry is resulting from the decisions we've made to prioritize risk management and margin over volume. Last year, we quickly worked through high-cost inventory. And this year, we are navigating the challenging credit and liquidity environment by prioritizing sales to lower credit risk customers, demanding prepayments and insisting on contract performance.
 Our distribution margin improved in the second half of last year and first quarter results were significantly better than expected. We also had very strong co-product volume and margin performance during the quarter. Our results this quarter show that we're successfully working through challenging environments to drive strong results. At the same time, we are focused on creating shareholder value in additional ways. 
 A great example of this is our transaction with Ma'aden, which will exchange our 25% position in the MWSPC joint venture for an approximately $1.5 billion position in Ma'aden shares. This new structure allows our successful long-term partnership with Ma'aden to continue while also providing increased investment transparency and flexibility for capital redeployment over time.
 I should note that we believe that neither this transaction nor any potential future transactions involving the Ma'aden shares will result in any material tax friction. We have several other ongoing initiatives to drive improved returns. Our $150 million cost reduction plan is on track in delivering early results. Potash production cash cost per tonne declined about $10 in the first quarter compared with the same period in the prior year. We are rightsizing our workforce and have identified opportunities to reduce our third-party contractors over the next 18 months, which will result in $20 million to $30 million in annual cost savings when complete.
 We are making progress on our SG&A expense management. With our first quarter SG&A expenses down by $21 million or 16% compared with a year ago. We are also focused on improving and optimizing our operations. In phosphate, we're making good progress on our volume improved plans through the execution of extensive maintenance turnarounds, including activities at the Riverview and New Wales plants in the first and second quarters and a turnaround at the Louisiana plant in the second quarter.
 In potash, our Esterhazy Hydrofloat project, which will give us an additional 400,000 tonnes of capacity will be in service by mid next year. We are expanding our market access with the construction of a 1 million-tonne blending plant at Palmeirante in the fast-growing northern agricultural region of Brazil. The project is well underway. We are currently building the warehouse structure, support buildings and electrical infrastructure and expect to complete the project early next year. We have recently completed the MicroEssentials conversion at our Riverview facility.
 Once it is fully ramped up, over half of our U.S. phosphate production will be higher-margin value-added products. We are also on track to reduce our capital expenditures by $200 million in this year versus last year. These initiatives all have one thing in common. They improve returns across the cycle. With that, let's take a closer look at agriculture and fertilizer markets. While corn and soybean prices have softened recently, farmers remain profitable. Even a small lift in these commodity places would return farm profitability to quite healthy levels. Moreover, the prices for many other ag commodities, such as palm oil and rice remain at very attractive levels.
 In addition, weather is shifting rapidly from a strong El Niño to La Niña, which should prove positive for Southeast Asia, India and Brazil. Favorable conditions in Southeast Asia are particularly important as we expect the region will be responsible for about 2/3 of global potash shipment growth this year. In fact, in January and February, potash imports to Malaysia and Indonesia were up about 35% versus a year ago due to depleted channel inventories in a very constructive potash to palm oil price ratio.
 Phosphate markets remain tight, we are seeing the expected post-spring seasonal slowdown in North America, but Brazilian demand for the [ safra ] season is emerging. Strong demand and limited supply pushed SSP prices in Brazil, up by $30 per tonne in April. The recent seasonal uptick in Chinese phosphate export availability has exerted downward pressure on prices in India. But India demand for phosphate this year is expected to be solid on the back of an above-average monsoon season. India's demand will surely exceed China's ability to supply the nation. We expect the Indian government to increase the maximum retail price to allow importer economics to work in the current global pricing environment. And thus, incentivize producers to send tonnes there.
 Longer term, the outlook for phosphate continues to be very positive. Demand is growing to produce more grains and oilseeds for food and biofuels and for increasing industrial uses, including battery production. At the same time, limited new supply is coming to market and Chinese exports are down about 25% from historical norms. The structural changes in phosphate supply and demand point to strong fundamentals in the years ahead. The global potash supply and demand picture is balanced, the same seasonal dynamic is occurring in potash, North America is slowing, but Brazil is picking up, resulting in a $30 increase in MOP prices in Brazil in recent weeks, an indication of positive market sentiment and constructive supply and demand dynamics.
 With Southeast Asia demand returning, we continue to expect near record global potash shipments this year. Now moving on to our outlook. For phosphate, we expect second quarter sales volumes of 1.6 million to 1.8 million tonnes and average FOB prices at the plant of $530 to $580 per tonne. The fire at our Riverview facility caused damage to pipes, pumps and a phosphogypsum transfer station. Our team engineered a temporary solution that enabled us to restore some phosphoric acid production in just 2 weeks, and we are now back at full capacity.
 We expect some reduction in the second and third quarter sales volumes, but overall, the impact was minimized. Our second quarter guidance reflects the impacts of the fire, the ongoing turnaround activity and the seasonal softening in the U.S., partially offset by improvements in Brazil. For potash, we expect second quarter sales volumes of 2.2 million to 2.4 million tonnes and average FOB price at the mine of $210 to $250 per tonne. For Mosaic Fertilizantes, we expect second quarter sales volumes and profitability to improve from the first quarter, reflecting seasonality and our differentiated approach to tackling Brazil's operating environment.
 We expect planned turnaround activities to weigh on production margins in the second quarter. As you recall, we completed the high-priced inventory destocking in the first half of last year. Going forward, we expect distribution margin to be at normal annualized level of $30 to $40 per tonne, but it may vary from quarter-to-quarter. To conclude, despite the seasonal reset of the market as we transition out of North America planting season, our outlook for the year is positive. We are taking near-term actions and executing long-term initiatives, as our agreement with Ma'aden demonstrates, to continue to strengthen our business and maximize shareholder value. Now we'll move on to Q&A. 
Jason Tremblay: Thanks, Bruce. Before we move on to the live Q&A, as we have done in past quarters, we would like to address some of the most common questions we received after publishing our earnings last night. Our first question relates to the  Ma'aden transaction. What does the deal mean for Mosaic? And how does it fit with your broader portfolio strategy? 
Bruce Bodine: First, I want to mention that our partnership with Ma'aden has been a great one. We brought deep technical expertise to the joint venture, and we benefited from secure phosphate supply for our customers in key markets. Now as Ma'aden shareholders, our relationship has evolved but our partnership continues. We're committed to working together on opportunities that create mutual benefits. When I think about the transaction, I believe Mosaic shareholders will benefit in multiple ways.
 The deal provides a fair value for our investment in the Kingdom, gives investors transparency on that value and greatly improves our capital flexibility over time. In terms of our vision for the broader portfolio, we're continuing to invest in our competitively advantaged and best-performing assets. This is why we're expanding our MicroEssentials production, growing our distribution business in Brazil, and further optimizing our Esterhazy operation.
 We're also focused on demonstrating value and creating still greater capital flexibility over time. You saw an example of this last year when we divested Streamsong Resort for $160 million, and the Ma'aden transaction is just the latest iteration. Our continuing review of assets could result in a number of additional outcomes, including divestitures, finding partners for certain parts of our business or idling underperforming assets.
 These actions, together with our cost initiatives and CapEx reduction are all in service of driving returns for shareholders. 
Jason Tremblay: Our next question relates to the markets. What is your view on how the potash and phosphate markets will evolve for the remainder of the year? 
Bruce Bodine: Well potash and phosphate markets are playing out much as we expected. Ag fundamentals remain constructive in most parts of the world. China's long-term appetite for ag commodity imports remain strong and is particularly robust for corn and beef. This means farmers have incentive to continue to maximize crop production. We saw that play out in the spring planting season in North America, which brought very strong fertilizer demand.
 The current market reflects seasonality that one would expect. After a strong spring price resets are typical ahead of North American summer fill demand, which we expect to be normal. In Brazil, farmers are preparing for their main soybean growing season. After a delayed start to fertilizer buying, demand has emerged over the last several weeks, which we're seeing in potash and phosphate prices. Both are up roughly $30 per tonne from the lows and demand is expected to intensify as we head towards the [safra] season.
 In India, low fertilizer inventories and expectations for a good monsoon this year should drive strong demand. In phosphates, we still expect total Chinese exports to be flat to slightly down from 2023, which is well below historical norms. Tight supply should support above normal stripping margins through the year. We believe the potash market is balanced. Russian and Belarusian producers are getting back to prewar and pre-sanctioned export levels, but the demand is there to absorb it, and we continue to expect near-record shipments this year.
 Southeast Asian demand, in particular, stands out because of their depleted channel inventories and constructive palm oil fundamentals. Additionally, the La Niña weather pattern should provide more rainfall to support the increased demand. In summary, we're seeing normal seasonality, and we expect constructive market conditions throughout the year. 
Jason Tremblay: As a follow-up on Brazil, are you seeing the same stress and challenges in the market which others are experiencing? 
Bruce Bodine: We believe Mosaic has a competitive advantage in Brazil. We have a large and geographically diverse distribution network across the country. This not only minimizes our risk exposure to disruptions in any one specific region but also equips us with the best market intelligence to inform our business decisions. Our unique positioning in the market is what led us to proactively manage our inventories last year, and set us up for a much more constructive first quarter in 2024. Now we're certainly seeing the same credit and liquidity issues in Brazil that many others are. But our view into the market has allowed us to avoid any significant impact to our business to date by identifying customer issues early and taking decisive action knowing that our decisions might have short-term impacts to market share and sales volumes.
 Some of those actions include securing a higher percentage of our sales to lower credit risk dealers, taking prepayment from customers when possible and ensuring sales contract integrity. As a result, our collections as a percentage of sales are well ahead of the same time last year. And our distribution margin per tonne exceeded our internal expectations for the quarter. We believe we have an enormous structural advantage in the country and the combination of risk diversification and proactive risk management are allowing us to successfully navigate the current environment. 
Jason Tremblay: Thanks, Bruce. And with that, we'll now move on to the open question-and-answer session. Operator, please open the line for follow-up questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  
 Our first question comes from Steve  Byrne from Bank of America. 
Steve Byrne: I'm curious where you think you could get the Fertilizantes business in terms of EBITDA over the next coming years. You've got this [indiscernible] asset you're building. You got productivity initiatives. You got the government trying to expand cultivated land in the Cerrado region. Where do you think that business can get to? 
Bruce Bodine: Steve, thanks. Let me answer it this way. And I think we've been consistent about this in the past. But the way I look at EBITDA generation in that business is we've got 9 million tonnes of kind of distribution capability today at $30 to $40 distribution margins. On top of that, we've talked about before, we've got co-products and other product sales of probably around another $100 million. And we've announced the Palmeirante project and going into 2025, when that's complete, we'll add another 1 million tonnes of distribution capability, add that $30 to $40 margin and you kind of add all those up in the kind of the baseline. The other things that we are looking at is our cost reduction initiatives.
 And those are going to play out in a couple of different ways that would affect probably the ultimate P&Ls there. Some of what we announced in the prerecorded calls have some of the third-party contractor costs of $20 million to $30 million. A good chunk of that is in Brazil. And then some of our GDA savings will flow through to that as well. So we should see something there on top of that. But outside of those type of things, I think that's a good way to look at kind of the base. We also believe that our distribution businesses, particularly in Brazil, could be the platform to launch our biosciences portfolio with the reach and access that we have in Brazil.
 And we have kind of launched that earlier this year, and we'll kick that off and probably start to see gradual growth starting in 2025 of EBITDA contribution there as well. So depending on where that goes ultimately, you can start to put those pieces together and see appreciable improvement in EBITDA from what we're at right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews: Bruce, is there a way to hedge in the value of the Ma'aden position since it's a publicly traded equity. I'm just looking at their share price being at record level and your's not. So I'm just wondering if there's a way you could maybe crystallize or walk in that value now and maybe put it to work somehow in your own equity ahead of the lockup period on the shares? 
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks for the question, Vince. But let me turn it over to Clint and as he's been involved in a lot of the deal making on this. 
Clint Freeland: Yes, Vincent, I would say, look, protecting our investment, I think, could be important. And certainly, we'll look at the different options that are available to us, I think we'd have to consider the liquidity of the market that it's traded on and other factors like that. So I would say more to come on that. What we'll need to continue thinking through exactly the best way to manage that position. But I would say right now, we're not ready to speak with any clarity on that topic any further. 
Bruce Bodine: I apologize. I was looking at the wrong name on the screen, sorry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. 
Viktor Sayek: This is Viktor stepping in for Ben. On your Q1 slide deck under performance highlights, you referenced that phosphate supply and demand looks particularly compelling. Two questions. First, can you provide some color on that statement? How do you see the supply and demand balance evolving that makes it particularly compelling? And then by extension, why is output for potash, not particularly compelling? 
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Victor. So I'll start with phosphate. We definitely view that the S&D in the overall market is tight on the phosphate side. A lot of that is due to really China backing off on their historical exports. And exports from a few years ago are down 25% from some of the high watermarks on that side, which is a significant reduction of 4 million or so tonnes out of the supply side. Demand has recovered back to kind of prewar levels overall and pretty close to that with the appreciation that we have in the market baked in this year.
 And there really is no new significant supply. OCP has had a little bit of supply come on. But most of that is in the market now. It may be a small amount remaining. And then the other factor is China is really focusing on shifting some of their agricultural P205 into industrial to support their lithium iron phosphate battery production. So that competition for that phosphate molecule, particularly in China, is causing supply tightening even further on the agricultural phosphate supply.
 So those combinations really are the structural changes that have been significant recently. But even if you go back in time and you look at China's production capability, and it underpins why their exports are down. Really, there's been a structural change in their output of significance, 25%, 30% over the last, say, decade. And couple that with some of the policy changes, their domestic food security focus, the LFP batteries, as we talked about really is a structural change there that has made the phosphate market, particularly tight. On potash, it's definitely not the tightness that we feel on phosphate.
 But we would say that it's pretty balanced. Just a couple of years ago, we were wondering if potash demand would ever return to that kind of 70 million tonne mark and sure enough, it has. And we believe that it's going to stay that way this -- this year, if not a little bit higher, and then continue to appreciate at kind of that 1% to 2% compound annual growth rate. But the Russians on the supply side and the Belarusians have been very effective at getting back to kind of their prewar pre-sanctioned levels, which has allowed kind of a more balanced supply.
 We also see some additional supply coming out of Laos. But with kind of our estimate of last year to this year, but just under 3 million-tonne growth in the market, a lot of that is being absorbed by China -- or I'm sorry, by Russia and Belarusia and then a little bit by Laos. But the rest would be absorbed with any excess capacity in Canada. So pretty balanced constructive. And again, everything underpinned by population growth, good ag fundamentals driving that demand at that kind of good growth rate over the foreseeable future. Jenny, anything that maybe we should add. 
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Bruce. I think you got that covered. Probably just some data point on phosphates. In Q1, Chinese export actually were reduced 70%, 7-0 percent, which was 1 million tonnes reduction. What does mean to the market? At the end of the spring season in northern hemisphere market, the major market ended the season with a very low inventory. For India, the inventory at the end of March was down by 28% year-over-year, which is 800,000 tonnes lower than the last year, which was already low. In Brazil, the inventory level was down by 30%, which is 700,000 tonnes year-over-year. So all this very low inventory in the major market are portending a very strong pent-up demand for the rest of the year. So I just want to add that data point on the phosphate market. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO. 
Joel Jackson: I want to follow up on the Ma'aden transaction. Talk about what other maybe deals could be on the table? Would you be looking at shopping the operational stake in the JV to other like producers to be able to cash out may be sooner by small evaluation, like were there other deals on the table? Why was this the best deal? You did talk about the rationale, but just that. And also, I think there was a view when you got involved with this maybe a decade ago that this is going to help automotive consolidation phosphate, right?
 Potash caught back then and OCP was starting to work together on to be you and Ma'aden working together a bit you're going to help Ma'aden, ramp up their operation, get expertise and maybe work together a bit more. Is it maybe a bit of a deconsolidation in the space or not really? 
Bruce Bodine: Joel, thanks. As far as other deal structures, there -- we've been contemplating how best -- one of our challenges is getting for our own shareholders and investors, what is the real value of this investment and making it more transparent. And then obviously, you got to work with the shareholder partners on what deal constructs. They'd be willing to do as well. So ultimately, this was the best one to bring that transparency of value and give us that capital flexibility that we wanted into the future, and kind of is what it is from that perspective.
 Going back to 13 years ago when we first got into this, I can't say that I remember all that was said for sure. But from our perspective, one of the big reasons to get into that joint venture was a hedge on risk of some of our permitting issues around our South Fort Meade mine at the time and some of the challenges that we were suffering with that here in North America, and that would allow us kind of a hedge for longer-term idling of that facility due to lack of permits.
 I also thought that Ma'aden at the time, would always have some advantaged cost structures with raw materials and co-participating and that probably wasn't a bad idea at the time. So as far as consolidation, I don't think that was our primary objective, getting into it. And we really don't think about the this deal as being anti to consolidation is that either as we sit here and think about it today, it really is trying to bring more clarity on the value of our investment in the Kingdom and then allowing us more flexibility in the future for capital redeployment or capital allocation, how we so choose in the future. Clint, I don't know if there's anything to add. 
Clint Freeland: No, the only thing that I would add is that, obviously, we've laid out some of the things that were on our mind as we thought about this transaction. I think at the same time, our partner was looking to consolidate ownership of the JV for their own purposes. And so I think as we looked at the structure, I think the relationship is important. I think the partnership is important. I think we both agree to that. But there were some objectives that each of the parties really had in mind. And I think this deal structure achieves that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Wolfe Research. 
Christopher Parkinson: A few parts to this. But just when we're taking a step back and looking at forward-looking strip margins, and I understand that a lot has been going on and there's been volatility and you have to kind of roll through the various items through your -- through your inventory.
 But when I look at your ammonia procurement, you should be getting benefits from Fostina, Tampa over the last month-on-month, quarter-on-quarter, obviously, just natural gas, when I look at sulfur, obviously, you should be trending downwards. And then rock costs, especially in Florida, seem like they're a little stubborn. But when we -- as we progress through the balance of 2024, obviously, some of it should probably subdue our optimism, but it seems like we're very much moving in the right direction. And the prices -- top line prices hold essentially where they are even a bit lower, your profitability should be in a very good position as we progress on a quarterly basis. Could you tell me what I'm missing? 
Bruce Bodine: No, Chris, thanks for the question. I think you see it very similarly to we -- as we do. The one thing is it does take some time to recognize that flow through inventory on raw materials. And given the heavy turnaround schedule that we have in the first quarter and in the second quarter as well, that's probably a little more delayed than maybe traditionally you may see flow through there, but definitely feeling optimistic on when those raw material flow-throughs do help on stripping margin and will somewhat offset some of the seasonal price pressure, to your point, that we typically see in quarter 2. So we are -- we do see stripping margins throughout the remainder of the year, staying very constructive and strong at kind of decade high numbers.
 So I don't think you're missing anything. On the rock side, a little higher in quarter 1, we had a turnaround on one of our large draglines that impacted production on the rock side, but that's transitory. And in the back half of the year and particularly in the second half of the year, rock costs get significantly improved from where they've been over the last two quarters. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Garchitorena from Wells Fargo. 
Richard Garchitorena: So I was just wondering if you could talk on the potash market on the 2.2 million to 2.4 million tonnes expected for the second quarter. Is there any way you can break down how much of that is going to be domestic sales versus offshore tonnes? And related to that, on the price guidance, 210 to 250, obviously, that's largely driven by that. What are your assumptions in terms of potential contracts, whether it's India first, China for this year in terms of how you think about that through the rest of the year? 
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks, Richard. For sure, we've got thoughts on that, and it will be in quarter 2. I'm going to turn it over to Jenny to get into the details, but a little more of the international export pricing in the mix and then she can talk a little bit about the contract stuff as she's -- and her team are closely watching that and have good thoughts around it. Jenny? 
Jenny Wang: Sure. Thanks, Bruce. Richard, to your question on the sales breakdown between domestic market and offshore shipment. Our full year percentage is around 45% for domestic market and 65% for offshore. Of course, that changes quarter-over-quarter depending on seasonalities.
 And also, as you can imagine, it depends on the contract settlement. The major markets like in China and India. Back to your questions on the contract settlement. There has been a lot of report by publications like [ CRE agers ], talking about the ongoing negotiation in India. And feel like the contract will be settled very soon. And from the report that we learned that the situation in India is really they are going through some kind of administrative approval process among themselves. So we should expect the contract to be settled very soon for India.
 To the market itself, India has seen very strong demand increases in the first quarter, supported by very good affordability of potash in the market. With a very low input of potash in Q1, India as a country, they will have to double the input right now in order to meet their major season -- the summer season [indiscernible] season for both direct application and also for NPK production. With that reason, we believe the contract is going to be settled very soon. I'm not going to speculate the numbers. So you might have seen a lot of numbers reported by the publication, and we believe that is likely going to be the level, and that's how we modeled our Q2 price forecast as well.
 In terms of the China contract, we believe the contract will be settled in the next month or two as well. If you watch the inventory situation at a port level, there are some higher number reported, but some of the missing parts that I'd like to call out on the port inventory in China, the port inventory level in China has stayed above 3 million tonnes. That has come down over the last few weeks, with a very low input by rail in the northern part of the country because of lacking of a monthly price settlement with the Russians, which is a signal of the price close to the bottom.
 The April seaborne import also started to get into the bonded warehouse, which basically meaning that's the end of the 2023 contract execution. Lastly, I wanted to remind you also look into domestic production. The production last year was down by 1 million tonnes. The overall ending inventory at the domestic producer side was down by close 1 million tonnes as well. So when you think about port inventory, you also need to think about the domestic producers' inventory.
 So adding together, the inventory level isn't as high as people see just from the obvious port inventory. Lastly, I want to mention potash consumption in China last year increased significantly. We believe that the growth was over 20%. Those driven by a relatively low price of potash to phosphate and urea and remind you, 70% of potash consumed in China is through NPK -- compound NPK, therefore, relatively lower price has led to a much higher inclusion of potash consumption. 
 So all in all, we believe that China needs to come back to the table for the new contracts as well. We can't really pin down a time. In our own forecast we have that -- we have that projected to be at a later part of Q2, that price level also reflected in our forecast as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Appreciating that there are a lot of moving pieces right now in your U.S. phosphate business between downtime and kind of some of the fire and the like, both in the turnarounds of the dragline and the chemical plant and the ammonia plant, et cetera, have a plan to get production to an annualized rate of about 2 million tonnes by the end of the year. 
 And I think in the slide, you talk about a $15, $20 a tonne improvement in conversion costs when you get there. What -- how do we think about the benefits beyond just improved conversion costs as we consider kind of a greater proportion of internally produced ammonia, which should be cheaper. If you think about improvements on your rock costs and where those can go from Florida or the need to use a bigger portion of Miski Mayo rock, where -- how long could you see those cost improvements sustain themselves before you start to have to make bigger investments again in new rock reserves in Florida.
 And put all that into context of how you see Mosaic's Florida phosphate position on the global phosphate cost curve? 
Bruce Bodine: Yes, Adam, a lot to unpack there. But for sure, we are working hard, as you have well described, to get to that 2 million-tonne run rate by the end of the year. And as we've said and as you've pointed out, we got pretty significant turnaround schedule still in quarter 2, a little bit into quarter 3.
 There's another sulfuric acid turnaround at our Bartow facility in quarter 4. So there is still a lot of work to do to get caught up on all of the pent-up maintenance issues from COVID and some of the hurricanes over the last several years. But feel very good about where we'll be come the end of the year on that run rate. And to your point, and I think in our materials, it's actually $20 to $30 a tonne, not $15 to $20, if I heard you right, improvement just on cost absorption alone. And then on top of that, probably included on the top end of that range is benefits on power generation through better sulfuric acid and steam utilization as well as better water treatment costs as when we're not running hard, we don't have as much evaporative heat for our water balance and then we have to use more expensive options like reverse osmosis and lime treatment to handle our water from a process standpoint.
 So I think those are structural from cost absorption on volume and/or real benefits from just running harder that are sustainable and will continue to fall in line. To your point about rock itself, we've got 30 years of reserves to maybe 40 years of reserves, it's always been -- and I think if you look probably deeply into our 10-K and some of our publications, you'd see that there are -- there is a plan, ultimately, at some point in time, look to build a new greenfield beneficiation plant in our Desoto reserve.
 But we're doing everything we can with projects that we've previously announced, such as Eastern extension at South Fort Meade, to buy additional reserves for existing beneficiation plants to extend out that kind of new greenfield horizon for a new mine. So there's also South Pasture which is idle that we can restart. There's a number of things within our reserve base that would allow us to continue to use our integrated rock source to realize those benefits for a long period of time. And then try to push out that large greenfield investment at Desoto as far as possible. Hopefully, that addresses most of the questions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. 
Benjamin Theurer: Just wanted to kind of follow up on some of the global dynamics and what you're seeing in terms of just the global supply and how you think some of the proposed changes to tariffs and duties into the U.S., Russia down, Morocco up again. So it seems like that authorities don't know what they do because they just changed it the other way around a few months ago. How do you feel about this just in general? And what are like consumers actually demanding and asking for? And where do -- where does Mosaic fit into that equation? 
Bruce Bodine: Yes. To confirm, the Department of Commerce did as part of their process due to their preliminary ruling from an annual review standpoint, this would be on 2022 duties, so going back in time. And what were their interpretations of subsidies or things that were done in those jurisdictions, namely Morocco and PhosAgro in Russia. And yes, the preliminary numbers went up on one then went down on the other. The other complication in this process is there's appeals that are still outstanding waiting for rulings on. And then the annual review and new duties for what was just announced don't get finalized until November of this year. So I think to your point, there is a lot of volatility, uncertainty around where some of these duties lie.
 Our customers, I think, have gotten used to that in North America. We're here and our heavy focus is on supplying North America first with our production and market share over 50% where we like to be and continue to be here for our domestic customers. But we're also saying no hesitation to bring in more imports from a more diverse set of importers. And I think at the end, what that means is a healthier industry for U.S. fertilizer but also healthier competition for the U.S. farmer.
 So I think the duties from our perspective, have worked as intended. They are leveling the playing field and eliminating unfair subsidies that were quite honestly, and proven again with the International Trade Commission earlier this year, were causing injury to the industry. So we're supportive of the process. We know that, obviously, it's got some uncertainty around it. But I do believe the U.S. farmers have adapted to that and it's just modifying trade flows and bringing more competition and a more diverse slate of importers here in North America. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. 
Andrew Wong: So just going back to Ma'aden, it's been mentioned a few times now that the deal was done in part to bring more transparency on the value of your investment. So I'm just kind of curious how you feel about the valuation now. Like I understand it's a market value. But the valuation also seems kind of high relative to some of their peers like yourselves and the ability to realize that value and maybe depends on liquidity. So how should we -- and how do you view that $1.5 billion valuation today? 
Bruce Bodine: Andrew, good question. Something we've been talking about, obviously, a lot as we entered into this deal. And I'm just going to turn it over to Clint because he's -- he's got some good thoughts around this topic. 
Clint Freeland: Yes. Thanks, Bruce, and thanks, Andrew, for the question. A couple of different thoughts on this. One is -- as we looked at the value of our JV interest, we look at it as you traditionally would through DCF means and other means and we feel like that the call it, $1.5 billion valuation is a very fair valuation that we found attractive and obviously agreed at that kind of level with our counterparty.
 I think as we look at the shares themselves, as we took a look at the consideration that we were receiving, given that, I think we would expect this transaction to close by the end of this year, 2024. As we look at consensus estimates -- and Ma'aden is a pretty well-covered company, as we look at consensus estimates for 2025 and '26, and we look at what does that translate into from a multiple standpoint.
 What we see is that, that implied multiple is very consistent with how they've traded historically, and I think maybe quite a bit down from a multiple standpoint from maybe what was noted in 2023. So as we look at forward into the time of our ownership, '25, '26 we see a multiple being applied to valuation, very consistent with past history over several years. As you also noted, I think they have historically traded at a premium multiple to peers. I think there are a number of different reasons for that. But again, as we did our assessment looking forward into our period of ownership, that relative multiple compared to peers, again, very consistent with history.
 And so -- and didn't seem elevated relative to history. So I think as we look at the valuation itself, for our share of the joint venture. Obviously, we've noted that it's 2x our initial investment. And again, we feel like it's a very appropriate and fair valuation. And then as we look at taking stock back in Ma'aden and again, look at some of the associated valuation metrics, again, they seem very much in line as we look into '25 and '26, very much in line with how they've traded in the past. So I think given those factors, that's how we got to a comfort level with the type of structure that we've agreed to. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Spector from UBS. 
Joshua Spector: Just another quick one on Ma'aden. Just I was trying to think about the cost side of things. So as you convert to an equity holder versus an operator share in that JV, what's the impact on free cash flow and EBITDA over the last 12 months and you talked about some offtake agreements. Does any of that change and that you're paying market versus costs, so just the moving parts there, please? 
Bruce Bodine: Yes. Thanks, Josh. As far as the supply agreement, I think it's just -- we have the option to look at that if we needed for key markets so addressing your latter part of your question. And those things would be -- to be negotiated, but we have that optionality. As far as the first part of your question, maybe I'll turn it back over to Clint and give your thoughts around the EBITDA. 
Clint Freeland: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. I think it will -- for Mosaic, I think it will have very minimal impact on EBITDA and free cash flow. Historically, we have only included cash dividends in our EBITDA numbers. We obviously have equity earnings that are included on our financial statements. I think in 2023, those equity earnings pretax were $57 million. I think the cash distributions. Last year, we received $25 million, I believe, in the first quarter of this year, we received $15 million.
 And so that's what would be included in our EBITDA and free cash flow. So I think as we look forward, I think there really is minimal, if any, longer-term impact or consequences to our EBITDA and free cash flow. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Charles Neivert from Piper Sandler. 
Charles Neivert: Just a couple of things. One, in the turnaround -- and I'll just ask them all at the same time and you can just answer whatever. Turnarounds coming up, does they -- I know they improve efficiency, there -- they have to be done. But is there any consequent like increase in supply? I know it's not a chemical operation, so you don't necessarily get that, but would there be any supply increase on the turnaround? 
 Second, during the outages that you guys had, do you think the outage had an influence on price upward and therefore, now when everything is running, now it takes away whatever influence it pushed up. And lastly, on Ma'aden, do you -- does the shareholding from the joint -- versus the joint venture operation, does that change your, for lack of a better term, influence on the company into what they do? And do they have any plans for later for expansion coming up or are they putting forward at this point? 
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Charles. Let me start with the latter because I didn't write it down as fresh in my mind. So I don't think the deal structure changes are influenced really a whole lot. We've been a technical kind of adviser in that and a minority partner so I don't think that's going to change a whole lot. The deal, they still want Mosaic as technical input and Mosaic Resources as part of this, where we can participate and help them. And then you're going to have to talk to them about what their future plans are as far as expansion. I know there's been stuff that they've talked about in the press. And obviously, as a shareholder, we're going to be interested in them maximizing their shareholder value. But I don't think our influence is going to be much different than what it's been in the past, nor should you expect anything of significance there. Turnarounds, they are a necessity. And the ones that were the primary focus has been for us, although it's on a lot of our assets, but the primary one where we struggled over the last few years is on sulfuric acid.
 And our sulfuric acid plants, we've got dozen or more of those globally, there are basically a 3-year turnaround. And if you don't do a major turnaround on a 3-year schedule, you run the risk of losing reliability. And those cascade through, we need the steam that is generated at sulfuric acid as an exothermic process to evaporate the lower concentrated phosphoric acid that's made to feed that into granulation and make granulated fertilizer. But also, we use that excess steam for generating power through our cogeneration facilities, which are much cheaper than buying power from the utility. But I think to your question was has our drop in production actually helped on pricing. Well, I don't think it's enough to have influence that.
 And I don't think that us getting back to our historical run rate of 8 million tonnes would be enough to influence that significantly as well, given where we are with our growth in phosphate demand and that there is limited supply, I think this market stays pretty tight. And our tonnes are going to be needed to keep even level on the tightness of that. And then lastly was something on price -- what's that? I covered it already? Okay.
 Maybe I covered it, Charles. I did my best to hit those 3, and I appreciate you giving me some flexibility with that. So with that... 
Operator: We do have an additional question from Edlain Rodriguez from Mizuho. 
Edlain Rodriguez: Just a quick one on earlier comment during the prepared remarks. You talked about fertilizers being well positioned for higher prices in the second half as demand recovers -- and along with Jenny's comments on the potash contracts, would you be highly disappointed if those contracts don't reflect that view? 
Bruce Bodine: I think we'd be surprised, based on what we believe about the supply and demand and what's needed in the marketplace. But I'll turn it over to Jenny and see if he's got any more since she addressed that original question. 
Jenny Wang: Yes, we have -- thanks for the question. We have our own estimation based on the fundamentals. And also, we are watching the latest negotiation, especially in India. So I would say the price -- contract price are likely going to be settled is already included in our price forecast. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be concluding today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Bruce Bodine: Well, thank you, operator. To conclude our call, I'd like to emphasize our key points. First, our transaction with Ma'aden will benefit our shareholders by establishing a transparent value for our investment and providing us with greater capital flexibility for the long term. Second, we are making good progress on our strategic initiatives. We're investing in our best performing assets while reducing costs and capital expenditures.
 And finally, fertilizer market fundamentals remain constructive, and we expect continuing strong demand through this year. To summarize, Mosaic is generating solid results in dynamic conditions, and we're working to deliver strong shareholder value. So thanks for joining us today, and everyone, have a good and safe day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. Your host for today's call is Jason Tremblay. Jason you may begin.
Jason Tremblay: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Bruce Bodine President and Chief Executive Officer followed by a fireside chat then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Executive Vice President, Commercial will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Bruce.
Bruce Bodine: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call today. This is my first earnings call as Mosaic's CEO and I'd like to begin by acknowledging Joc O'Rourke for his many contributions to the company. Joc held this role for nearly a decade and the company is much stronger today thanks to his leadership. Under Joc, Mosaic expanded its footprint in Brazil with the successful Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. We completed development of the world's largest potash mine. We transformed our cost structures and we deleveraged and optimized our balance sheet. We have opportunities to improve returns and drive shareholder value by building on the current position of strength that Joc helped create. I look forward to evolving Mosaic's strategy and to helping all of you understand just how we will do that. So, for today, there are a few key messages that we would like you to take away from this call. First, phosphate markets are very strong. We expect dynamics to remain constructive for the foreseeable future and we are working to optimize our production so we can benefit fully. Second, we expect demand recovery in potash. In fact we are seeing early signs of demand emerging in Brazil. That said given current potash economics we will be curtailing production from our Colonsay mine. Third, we are taking these actions as well as reducing costs and capital expenditures to improve through cycle returns. Finally, with our strong financial foundation in place, we remain committed to prudent capital allocation, selectively investing when risk-adjusted returns are compelling, and returning excess cash through share repurchases and dividends. For full year 2023, Mosaic generated revenue of $13.7 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $2.8 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $3.57. We invested $1.4 billion in the business, refinanced $900 million in long-term debt, and returned $1.1 billion to shareholders, including over $750 million in share repurchases. Let's start by looking at the market. 2022 brought extreme volatility to fertilizer markets. High prices driven by supply disruption eventually reduced demand. In 2023, as prices retreated customers returned in many key markets. The long-term global grain and oilseed supply and demand picture remains encouraging with secular demand growth outpacing supply. In addition to population and income growth, demand for agricultural commodities is being driven by renewable fuel adoption, which we expect will continue to ramp over the next several years. Recent policy mandates have been announced in California, the European Union and in Singapore, and additional mandates are expected in the future. This emerging source of demand has the potential to require tens of millions of additional acres of production. Short-term fundamentals also look positive. We believe that ongoing weather challenges in key growing regions, including Brazil, will result in grain production lower than what the market is anticipating. This suggests that already low stock-to-use ratios will remain under pressure and support a healthy grain price environment. On this point, there tends to be a lot of focus on the stock to use ratios for corn and soybeans. As you can see in the presentation materials we posted, these two commodities represent approximately 30% of the global potash and phosphate consumption. This means that 70% of consumption is tied to other crops, many of which are experiencing continued tightening in their ratios. We believe the result is that growers around the world continue to be incentivized, to maximize yield and crop production through strong fertilizer applications. In North America, a long fall application season drove strong demand well into the fourth quarter. Solid winter fill activity tells us bins are near empty and channel inventories are low. We are seeing demand strength continue into the spring planting season and sales volumes are mostly committed through March. In Brazil, barter ratios for both soybeans and corn are favorable. And while weather impacts have delayed fertilizer purchases, our outlook for full year 2024 is very positive, with expectations of fertilizer shipments at or near an all-time record as growers need to replenish soil nutrients. Favorable ag commodity and fertilizer demand drivers are especially promising for phosphate markets. We expect global supply will remain tight due in part to China's fertilizer export restrictions as the government prioritizes domestic food security. Tighter environmental oversight has also had an impact with the reduction of domestic DAP production. China also continues to direct more asset to industrial markets. Lithium iron phosphate production has more than tripled in the last two years, and we expect growth to continue at a rapid pace. The competition for phosphate molecules is intensifying. And it will continue to do so for quite some time. This, together with limited capacity additions in the near future, suggests phosphate market fundamentals will remain constructive. For potash, Supply is adequate to meet demand in the near term and economics have not yet improved, which is why we intend to curtail production at Colonsay. We will continue to monitor market developments and customer demand. And when needed, Colonsay will be prepared to return to service in short order. Overall, Ag and fertilizer market dynamics remain solid. At Mosaic, we continue to focus on meeting customer needs executing on our business strategy, optimizing our operations and delivering value to shareholders. Turning now to fourth quarter results and our first quarter outlook. For the fourth quarter of 2023, Mosaic delivered revenue of $3.1 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $646 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.71. Our potash business generated $322 million of adjusted EBITDA on sales volumes of roughly 2.6 million tonnes. With the port at Portland Oregon back up and running, the team at Canpotex had a strong finish to the year, enabling us to deliver sales volumes well within the range of our initial guidance. We expect sales volumes for the first quarter of 2024 in the range of two million to 2.2 million tonnes and potash prices at the mine in the range of $225 to $250 per tonne. In phosphates, we generated $259 million in adjusted EBITDA on sales volumes of 1.6 million tonnes. Realized stripping margins remained strong for the quarter but were offset by lower cost absorption from lower production levels. For the first quarter, we expect phosphate sales volume in the range of 1.6 million to 1.8 million tonnes and DAP realized prices at the mine in the range of $580 to $605 per tonne. Moving to our business in South America. Despite the weather-driven fertilizer demand headwind in the fourth quarter, we delivered strong operating results with adjusted EBITDA of $111 million, distribution business margins came in well above the historical normal annual range of $30 to $40 per tonne. In the first quarter this year, we expect margins to recede from the fourth quarter as part of the normal seasonality of the business. The first quarter of each year typically has a higher amount of fertilizer volume going to Brazil's corn crop, which demands a higher percentage of nitrogen products, which historically generate lower and less consistent margins. And lower volumes of MicroEssentials, which generates higher margins. As a result, margins are generally lower during the quarter but improved from there resulting in annual margins in line with our historic norm of $30 to $40 per tonne. We executed well against our capital allocation strategy in 2023 and our balance sheet remains optimized. We spent $1.4 billion in CapEx and made significant progress on our investment projects. We refinanced $900 million in debt and returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through an increased dividend and share repurchases. Our returns included not only free cash flow but also proceeds from asset sales such as the sale of Streamsong Resort. Finally, I want to discuss, our top strategic initiatives for 2024. First, we're focused on driving down costs. Over time, we expect to achieve at least $150 million in annual run rate savings off of a 2023 baseline, driven in part by savings from our global digital acceleration program, which will go live later this year. Next, we'll continue to transform our operations to increase resilience and flexibility. Our top priority in phosphate is to improve our production volumes. We are working toward an annual run rate of eight million tonnes over the next few quarters by enhancing the overall reliability and efficiency of our operations. To this end, we have a busy turnaround schedule at our Florida facilities in the first half of this year as we target areas that have caused us the most significant maintenance issues. Next, we'll further expand our presence in Brazil, one of the most dynamic agricultural regions in the world by completing a 1 million tonnes distribution facility at Palmeirante to serve the fast-growing northern region of the country. We'll also further strengthen our product portfolio by growing non-commodity products. We are expanding MicroEssentials capacity at our Riverview plant here in Florida, and we expect those additional tonnes later this spring. We anticipate that more than half of our phosphate sales will be value-added products, which clearly is a differentiator for us. In addition, we are planning for the next-generation MicroEssentials Pro, which is delivering significant yield improvements in field testing. MicroEssentials Pro will also extend our patent protection until 2038. Finally, we'll remain true to our disciplined capital allocation strategy. In 2024, we expect to reduce total capital spending by about $200 million, and we'll continue to return excess cash to shareholders. To summarize, our outlook for agriculture and fertilizer markets remains positive. At Mosaic, we have a strategic road map to optimize returns through the business cycle, to grow and to decommoditize our product offerings, and we have a very strong financial foundation from which to operate. I'm looking forward to updating you on our progress as the year proceeds. Now let's move to Q&A.
A - Jason Tremblay : Before we move on to the live Q&A, as we have done in the past quarters, we would like to address some of the most common questions that we received after we published our earnings materials last night. For our first question, Bruce, a number of analysts have asked questions about potash and phosphates. Market dynamics of these two crop nutrients seem to be diverging, with phosphates being strong, while potash is finding its way. Can you tell us how you see these markets developing as the year progresses?
Bruce Bodine: I think this is a good way to characterize current market conditions. Phosphate markets are very positive due to strong demand, low inventories and a tight supply situation globally leading to some of the strongest stripping margins in the last decade. We believe stripping margins will remain elevated for the remainder of the year. Looking at the key regions. In North America, channel inventories are low, and we are seeing strong demand for spring planting. For Mosaic specifically, we continue to operate at minimum inventory levels, and our first quarter sales are almost fully committed. In Brazil, inventories are well below the five-year range, and our outlook for the year remains positive as growers need to replenish soil nutrients. India's proposed subsidy rates announced earlier this month, showed an increase for phosphate fertilizers from the prevailing rates in the fourth quarter of last year, but importer margins remain negative. With very strong grower demand and low inventories, which are at the low end of the five-year range, subsidies should move higher. In China, we are seeing an increased focus on food security. The government is limiting exports to ensure adequate domestic supply, while also meeting rising industrial demand. We expect these dynamics to continue to limit exports for the foreseeable future. Industrial demand, particularly China's lithium iron phosphate market has been very strong, with production more than tripled in the last two years to 1.7 million tonnes of finished fertilizer product equivalent in 2023. We expect additional production growth in the future as demand continues to sort. Overall, this leads us to conclude that phosphate markets will remain constructive for the rest of the year. In potash, the supply constraints from Belarus and Russia seen in the past few years will continue to abate in 2024. On the demand side, we see stability in North America. In fact, our winter fill program was fully sold. And similar to phosphates, we are almost fully committed for Q1. In Southeast Asia, particularly Malaysia and Indonesia, high-priced inventories were worked down in 2023. Two years of under application in those markets will put further strain on crop yields if nutrients are not replenished. We are seeing significant pent-up demand in that region. In China, while potash inventories are higher than historical periods, the fertilizer stock-to-use ratio is normal due to increasing on-farm demand as a result of favorable pricing. It's been reported that China intends to increase its strategic reserves meaning that inventories will have to remain higher than historical periods to meet this objective. We also expect lower Chinese domestic production as a result of the recent news capping production in its key potash basin due to environmental concerns. The combination of these factors should drive a need for continued high import volumes to meet the demand. The weather in Brazil has slowed demand in the near-term but we are seeing early signs of demand emerging in potash prices moving up slightly. In fact when you look at the entire fertilizer market, we expect shipments to be at or near peak levels in 2024. Putting these factors together, we expect the pace of global potash shipments to improve as 2024 progresses.
Jason Trembla: Thanks, Bruce. As a follow-up question, given the market backdrop you just described what actions are you planning to take?
Bruce Bodine: Well, given the strength of phosphate markets, Mosaic's focuses on increasing our phosphate production volumes and further improving our margins by increasing our MicroEssentials volumes. Getting our production to an annual run rate of 8 million tonnes, not only increases revenue but also significantly reduces our unit costs. MicroEssentials generates significant yield improvements. And as a result, generate superior margins for farmers, retailers and Mosaic. For Mosaic, not only do we earn a premium margin in our phosphate segment but we also command a premium margin in Brazil, as we capture the retail premium for these products. In Potash, Mosaic is focusing on flexibility and cost management. The curtailment of production at our Colonsay site demonstrates our commitment to flexibly managing our network to ensure our low-cost sites at Belle Plaine and Esterhazy, operate at capacity while Colonsay is only used when market conditions dictate. We have a couple of projects that will increase our product mix flexibility before the end of the year. This will enhance our ability to adjust our end product mix to respond to changes in the market conditions more effectively in order to optimize our cost structure and margins. In addition to cost reductions in our operations, we are focused on driving SG&A reductions and optimizing our investments in CapEx and working capital. These initiatives will ensure our customer demand is met. Our through-cycle financial performance will continue to advance and shareholder value is maximized.
Jason Trembla: Okay. Our next question is related to Mosaic Fertilizantes. Brazil remains a problem a region for many ag input companies. What is your outlook for 2024?
Bruce Bodine: This is a fair observation. A lot of these companies are still in the process of destocking excess high-cost inventories or writing off their assets, given the challenging market conditions. At Mosaic, we took early action to complete the destocking of high-priced inventory in the first half of 2023, without any significant write-offs. As a result, we entered the second half of the year in a great position and it shows in our margins. The margin per tonne in our distribution business returned to the $30 to $40 range in the third quarter and came in above that range in the fourth quarter. In 2024, we expect record or near record fertilizer shipments despite lower fertilizer demand in quarter one due to weather conditions, as growers continue to be incentivized by constructive BARDA ratios and the need to replenish soil nutrients. From a distribution margin perspective, we expect normal seasonality on a per tonne basis, lower than the normalized annual range in the first quarter, but within the range for the full year.
Jason Tremblay: Changing topics. There's a question about CapEx. You're indicating that spending will decline by approximately $200 million this year. How do you see that CapEx evolving longer term?
Bruce Bodine: We're coming out of a period of elevated CapEx due to an unusual number of high-returning opportunity projects from across the business. We are coming to the end of these projects, and as a result, our spending is declining. In addition to the $200 million reduction in 2024, we anticipate a further reduction in 2025 with a longer-term run rate to be at or below $1 billion.
Jason Tremblay: Thanks, Bruce. And with that, we will now move to the open question-and-answer session. Operator, please open the line for follow-up questions.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Bruce, you mentioned a couple of times about the crop land meeting to replenish sole nutrients. When I look at your our forecast for global shipments of phosphate and potash. This is slide 8. It doesn't really support that thesis. There's this -- what looks like potentially a massive deficit of consumption in the last two years of both nutrients close to 10 million tonnes on each and yet your forecast for 2024 on both is just kind of like where it was in 2021. Is that a conservative view? Or was that -- is that based on a view that those nutrient levels were maybe above normal in the world, and therefore, it's not needed to be replenished.
Bruce Bodine: Hey, Steve, good talking to you. Thanks. We share your view that there's been under application of fertilizer for the last couple of years for sure, and nutrients have been depleted from the soil. I think that's why we're pretty bullish on where things return from a supply standpoint or demand standpoint on both P&K at or near record shipments in those markets. And maybe I'll turn it over to Jenny a little bit -- to talk maybe a little bit about the specifics in each individual market to better answer, I think what you're getting at.
Jenny Wang: Steve, I think we definitely don't believe that there was sufficient P&K in the soil, where would allow farmers to mine without replenish the fertilizers. We have seen the evidence over the last two years. And as you may recall, we shared one slide last call that would show the yield impact due to under applications, especially on potash. So why we're projecting a higher demand for 2024, partially it is related to the supply situation. We believe that the global shipment this year and beyond is that we will continue to see a very strong demand tailwind as the growers need to replenish these nutrients in order to pursue their yield aspiration, and in particular this year as we forecast, the demand growth or recovery on potash. We are going to see some broad recovery in the market where we usually don't talk about the smaller market in Asia, the smaller market in Latin America. After two years under application, the farmers have realized that they need to put down fertilizers P&K into the field. And that just actually has been built into our demand forecast in this year. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Richard Garchitorena with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Garchitorena: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask, now that you have decided to curtail Colonsay, what are you expecting in terms of operational capacity for Mosaic in 2024. What levels of demand or price would you need to see to make the decision to restart Colonsay? And then maybe some color in terms of the cash cost differences this year versus last year with Esterhazy up and running and Colonsay down? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine: Thanks, Richard. For sure in the short-term here, potash supply is adequate to meet demand. And we made the decision to curtail Colonsay's production not based on one factor. So as we continue to evaluate the flexibility within our network, we're looking at not only the market and customer demands but also really how do we consider shareholder value as well. And I think that's getting to your point. And we'll continue to do that. And at the current time, the economics just didn't make sense. But if you look at the broader 2024, for the whole year, we're very optimistic about demand recovery particularly on potash. And I'll let Jenny talk about some areas in a minute. But in the meantime, we're going to shut Colonsay down. We've done this before. We've demonstrated our resolve to flexibly moving that mine up and down. We can do that very quickly, and we can restore things very quickly as well. And as we expect when market demand returns will in short order return production at Colonsay. Again if the market demand is there and if we determine shareholder value is there as well. And some of the complexities are what's going on with the rest of our network and turnaround schedules and things like that. Those things have to come into the analysis as well. But all of this is designed as we've said earlier to really let Belle Plaine and Esterhazy, our two low-cost production facilities run at full rate and continue to extract maximum value out of those two facilities. So Jenny maybe you want to talk about a little bit of the market dynamics and why we expect pricing to be pretty good for the rest of the year.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Bruce. I think I probably just want to build on the earlier comment on the potash demand recovery. In 2023, last year, the recovery of the demand was over 13% and added 8 billion tonnes the biggest recovery in the market was North America. We saw 27% of the demand increases over the previous year, and we are seeing very strong consumption increases in growth in China. And apart from these two major markets in India and Brazil, we have all seen over 18% of the demand interests last year on potash. So as we get into 2024, we continue to expect the growth of potash demand in Brazil in India. And we are going to see a much broader demand recovery, the other market as I mentioned earlier, a small market in Asia, smaller market in Latin America. And all this demand projection will need to have the supply to meet the demand. When we look at the supply side of the equation, in late 2023, we've seen some recovery of the shipment out of Belarus and Russia and also some incremental tonnes from Laos. As we get into 2024, the season itself we are in the typical low season time and we are watching the market dynamics. And we believe we are at or close to the price bottom in the market. In fact, we have seen some major price recovery over the last two weeks in Brazil. So as Bruce mentioned earlier, we run our business, our potash operation to meet our customers' demand. And in the meantime, we want to maximize value creation for the shareholders as well. So that's the economic decision.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson : Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the call, taking the questions. Bruce, congrats on the promotion here at first call. You said that phosphate margins should be been elevated. You talk about how strong phosphate is. Can you comment on that a bit more? Do you expect in Q1 that phosphate margins would be better the same or lower than Q4 margins? And would that be an EBITDA or gross margin basis or some other basis? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine : Hey, Joel thanks for your kind words. On phosphates, listen the bottom line is supply is extremely tight. And we've talked about that balance. And even as much as demand, if you theoretically could go higher, it is going to be tough to reach supply with the restrictions out of China and the things that we talked about in one of the fireside chat questions. So that is driving pretty good stripping margins in this business. Some of the best we've seen over the last decade. And we do expect that to continue. We may see pricing bubble a little bit just due to seasonality throughout the year, but we do believe our realized stripping margins given raw material pricing on sulfur and ammonia and what we have projected for the year will continue to stay relatively flat and strong for the remainder of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews : Thank you and good morning everyone. Can I just ask about on the phosphate production side, what you're anticipating coming out of Morocco this year. It seemed like they ran at lower rates last year. Are you expecting that to continue into this year? And what are you expecting in terms of imports into the US market, year-over-year given, I guess there's still some uncertainty over countervailing duties but an update on those issues would be helpful. Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Yes Vincent, thanks and good talking to you today. It's something we watch pretty closely is what's going on in that part of the world as you can imagine. Jenny and her team and our market analysis team and economic team are really looking at that. So I'm going to turn it over to her to provide a little more detail on the commentary.
Jenny Wang: Hi, Vincent. Yes, I think we've been watching very closely on OCP's shipment. Last year we've seen some major recovery of their phosphate fertilizer export, especially in the second half of the year. This is basically bringing their export towards to their record level over the last few years. In the meantime, we are seeing some major reduction on their phosphate rock export last year. And that was actually less than half of the tonnes they exported in the record year back in 2021. And therefore asset exports were basically very flat. So to think about OCPs supply into 2024. Our forecast is that they're going to continue to keep the normal way of operation and they might add a little bit into their new granulation capacity but not really in the big deal. So even with this recovered OCP supply and the increased a small amount of fertilizer production, we believe 2024 phosphate supply will stay as tight.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Helen Rodriguez [ph] with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. I mean Bruce you've talked about like the strength of faster prices, which is clearly the case. But any concerns that if prices stay way above the other nutrients like this could incentivize farmers to cut back in phosphate if they start thinking about their expenses and so forth given the decline in crop prices.
Bruce Bodine: Hi, Helen. The economic on the farm topic is a great one and something again we're paying a lot of attention to. We were soy and corn being – I'm sorry soybeans and corn prices are right now, we do see still pretty affordable economics overall, when you look at the portfolio of nutrients, right? And that's NPNK. And even though phosphate because of the tight supply that Jenny has outlined before and we talked about one of the fireside questions, prices are elevated but we have seen potash come down significantly and nitrogen at a more moderate level as well. So combined, I think fertilizer affordability from a percentage of on-farm revenue is actually pretty reasonable compared to the last two years. So we're not anticipating any demand destruction and due to pricing of the total nutrient package for farmers depending on their crops. And the other one that we talked about it in some of our materials is we've made a lot about corn and soybean prices but corn and soybean demand is really only 30% of the global fertilizer demand. The rest 70% is in other grain and oilseeds and non-grain and oilseeds markets. And we're seeing a lot of tightness in some of those markets and actually quite favorable economics when it comes to nutrient affordability. So, overall, I think the competitiveness of nutrients and demand is there. The incentive is there. again driven by lack of fertilization in the last couple of years, good affordability. The tailwinds that are being provided on some of the biofuel stuff as well. I think it's very constructive that hopefully ag commodity prices continue to moderate up and then continue to drive good demand to maximize yields on the farm. Jenny has got one more point she wants to make.
Jenny Wang: Yes. just want to -- Bruce just want to provide one more data point. As we are watching corn soybean prices and all the cases were on corn soybean. And if you look at other major ag commodities like rice the price is very, very supportive. And today actually in fact today India export price for rice is setting a new record. So, that tells you actually if you go beyond corn soybeans the other commodities are very constructive in terms of the prices and also the farm economics.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Thank you for taking my questions. So, on the phosphate production, what's your expectation on when you could return to an 8 million tonne annual run rate. And when that happens what's your expectation on phosphate rock cost and conversion cost? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine: Andrew thanks. We've been talking about this for a few quarters and it's a big focus area for us strategically, particularly given the strong margins that are in the market today given the high demand/limited supply. We have stated and continue to state that we're on our path over the next few quarters to get to an eight million-ton annual run rate. We're confident in that. Last year second half of the year we had some impacts with two of our large sulfur plants in Louisiana went down. Both of those have now returned to service. We had a major turnaround at the end of last year and another sulfur plant down at [indiscernible]. Again both of those are done and back to service. So, we are starting to see gradually a return to that. But as mentioned in some of the fireside chat comments, we do have a heavy turnaround schedule baked into the first half of this year. So, getting to that 2 million tonnes level more towards the end of the year, part of that is with this turnaround schedule to continue to focus on some of those actors that have caused us some maintenance -- unplanned maintenance issues over the last couple of years. So, again, confident we're going to get there by the end of the year. It's needed. And that's what we're going to continue to do is focus on our asset health. And we've been infusing a lot of our sustaining CapEx by the way to actually do that over the last two years as well. So, look forward to that near the end of the year. And Clint has something to add I think on the economics piece.
Clint Freeland: Yes. Thanks Bruce. Andrew when we look at the impact of moving our production back up to that target level, I think on a cost per ton basis -- and I think that was part of your question, you would likely see something on the order of magnitude of call it, $20 to $25 a tonne improvement in that per unit cost. So it's material as we begin to ramp-up to those target levels.
Bruce Bodine: Yeah. Thanks, Clint. And even on top of that, Andrew, we've talked about our cost reduction initiatives just in addition to that, but we expect to layer in $150 million of cost reductions through the enterprise. Looking at G&A spending, some of the operations benefits of getting back to full production working capital management and then just overall CapEx reduction. So adding to the absorption benefits that Clint talked about, plus some of these other initiatives to really wring out cost from the enterprise through cycle economics should be much more favorable.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you can clarify some issues around your relationship with Ma'aden. Is that a joint venture that you wish to invest in over time further through capacity expansion? It's also the case that historically, the cash that's to come from the equity income has been much lower. Is there a cash benefit that you get in the future? That catches you up from the equity income that you've made? Or does it turn out that you don't catch up?
Bruce Bodine: Jeff, no, thanks. As you point out, that joint venture for us is an important part of our portfolio of assets for sure, not only do we gain market access in the markets like India with some of the tons that we have there. We get a lot of market intelligence through that joint venture as well. As far as, do we have interest in future investment, I don't think that's in the top of our priority list. I never want to say never, depending on what the return on economics could be in such an investment. But I think we've got better focus areas for any of our cash and liquidity that we may put to something else. But at the end of the day, the Ma'aden joint venture at Saudi Arabia has been a great partnership, and we've seen that really mature over the course of this relationship. And it's got to continue to earn a spot in our portfolio for sure, on a long-term basis, but right now, we're fairly happy with the results and where that is running. They just came off a record year at MWSPC on a production standpoint as well. So we're really starting to extract value out of that in the way that we hadn't previously. But I'm going to turn it over to Clint to talk about a little bit more of the economic questions that you had.
Clint Freeland: Hi, Jeff. I think you noted the differential between the equity earnings over time and cash. I think our first cash dividend was actually paid out last year. I think total equity income last year for us was roughly $57 million. So we did get part of that in the form of a dividend. But one of the things that has been the focus of Ma'aden over the past, say, two to three years, has been on debt reduction. So a lot of the earnings and the cash generation of the joint venture has actually gone to paying down some of the debt load. And I think overall, order of magnitude, debt has been paid down by about $1.5 billion, so firming up the capital structure of the project. And so I think that's one of the main reasons why you see that differential between equity earnings and actually cash being paid out to us and the partners. One thing to also note, and again, it's relatively modest, but we also do get marketing fees and earn some level of income on some of the tons that we do sell. But again, that's one of the reasons, why you've seen that differential between equity earnings and cash, because a lot of the cash has actually been going to managing the balance sheet and paying down debt.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Rikin Patel with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Rikin Patel : Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. You covered the guidance CapEx quite well earlier, but I was wondering if you could provide some outlook on the working capital requirement for 2024. I suppose just given the context of the significant release you had last year, would you expect to see working capital investment next year? Thank you.
Bruce Bodine: Hey, Rikin thanks for joining us and appreciate the question. Working capital has been. If I understood your question right, broke up a little bit in the beginning for me, has been a focus for us across all of our major markets. I think we've done a pretty good job of managing that risk compared to others in the space. But I'm going to turn it over to Clint to maybe talk a little bit more about how we think about working capital.
Clint Freeland : Yes. Thanks Bruce, and thanks for the question Rikin. As you noted, over the last couple of years, we've seen pretty significant changes in working capital. And a lot of that has been driven by the price environment. So you saw a significant increase in working capital and use of cash in 2022. And then you've seen a pretty material release of cash in 2023, as a pricing environment changed. A lot of times one of the things that is also a significant contributor to that is our distribution business in Brazil, as they manage inventory levels and so forth around some of those price changes. But as we look out, I think, it's going to be driven by the price environment. I think, we are putting some renewed focus on things like inventory turns. And days of payables and receivables and really trying to work even harder to manage those to, again, manage the level of working capital that's needed. The other thing that I would note is over the last couple of years, we've tried to set up some funding alternatives to assist us in managing through some of those seasonal, particularly seasonal elements of working capital needs. So we've had a number of things like an inventory lines and receivable securitization facilities put in place, when we got our rating -- debt rating upgrade to BBB flat BAA2. We also set up a commercial paper facility. And what we try to do is to maintain a certain level of funding to again take away some of those seasonal moves and to reduce some of the cash drag on the company throughout the year. So, again, focusing on those two areas. One is just the absolute level of working capital. And again, that will be dictated by price environment, but then also being -- trying to be pretty thoughtful on how we fund that through the year and not just be using cash for that purpose.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yes. Hi, good morning. So I wanted to follow-up on phosphate margins, specifically. I think versus most models out there pricing came in higher but gross margins were lower in the fourth quarter. So I'm just trying to square the sequential gross margin move, if we think about in gross margin per ton in the fourth quarter – or sorry, first quarter here because you're saying the stripping margin stays high but pricing you're guiding up $40. We talked about more volume leverage in the first quarter. So is there a way to square all these moving parts between what you did in the fourth quarter versus what you're expecting from a gross margin per ton perspective in the first quarter? Thanks.
Bruce Bodine: Yes, Josh, thanks. I think we are seeing a little bit of expansion there. For sure, the other part is our costs aren't going to necessarily come down as fast given the turnaround schedule I talked about earlier. So that's still going to be a little bit of a drag. But overall, we still see those healthy realized stripping margins. You got to think about – and I'm going to turn it over to Clint in a minute maybe talk a little bit more about it but our advantaged position on ammonia and our access to low-cost sulfur really kind of differentiates us a little bit from the industry stripping margin what we get on a realized stripping margin, given that a good portion of our ammonia consumption comes from our Faustina facility in-house. And of course, our advantage contract with CF. So we do still think stripping margins are going to be good. Gross margins realized will be good. But maybe, given the cost pressures we're still going to see a little bit of a slowness in full recovery of that. And Clint maybe you can talk a little bit more about that.
Clint Freeland: Yes. The only thing that I would add on that around our in-house ammonia is we made – we had I guess a turnaround about 18 months ago in Louisiana around and made some investments in our converter at the facility. And it's – as a result it's had much higher reliability. And again, as we've seen the level of production that we've had, we've been able to lean on that a little bit more as a proportion of our ammonia sourcing as well as the CF contract. So we've been less dependent on some of the market purchases. And as a result, as an example in the fourth quarter, about 35% of our ammonia was actually sourced in-house. And again, so that's helpful from a comparative cost standpoint. So as we go forward, as production ramps back up, overall finished product production ramps back up, we'll need to access a little bit more on the market. But again in this environment at this point in time, we're getting more benefit maybe than we naturally, historically have from our in-house production of ammonia.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Bruce Bodine for any closing remarks.
Bruce Bodine: Well, thank you, operator. To conclude our call, I'd like to reiterate our key messages for today. First, the global phosphate market as we've discussed is very strong and we expect favorable dynamics to continue throughout the remainder of the year. And second, potash demand is emerging and we've talked about that and we expect a strong rebound in global demand this year. And third, we are executing plans to optimize our operations so that we can benefit fully from strong markets, while improving Mosaic's resilience. And finally, our capital allocation strategy is not changing. We will invest in pursuit of compelling returns and return excess cash to shareholders. So thanks everyone for joining our call today and I hope that you have a great and safe day.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Please note today's event is being recorded.  Your host for today's call is Paul Massoud. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud : Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2023 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat and then open Q&A. Bruce Bodine, President; Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke : Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2023 earnings call. Before we get to the normal part of our call, I'd like to take a moment to discuss the next step forward for our company. Last month, we announced that I plan to retire at the end of the year. It has been an honor to work at this outstanding organization and lead this incredibly talented team. We've accomplished a tremendous amount over the last eight years. But one of the areas I take most pride in is our focus on identifying talent and developing the next generation of leaders.  As a result of those efforts, mosaics Board of Directors appointed James O'Rourke, President and selected him to be Mosaic's next CEO starting on January 1, 2024. Bruce is a Mosaic veteran who's been with the company for 24 years and led several functions across our business, including most recently as Senior Vice President of North America. As a member of Mosaic senior leadership team for the last eight years, he's played a major role in establishing our current strategic priorities.  The board takes succession seriously, and has been planning for my retirement for some time. Bruce's selection follows an exhaustive evaluation of both internal and external candidates. Bruce's broad experience strategic mindset and leadership throughout the organization make him the ideal person to lead Mosaic into the future. Please join me in congratulating Bruce.
Bruce Bodine : Thank you, Joc. I'm excited to take the next step in January as CEO. And I'd like to take a moment to lay out my vision for the future. Mosaic as a global leader in the fertilizer industry. Over the last few years, we have grown our footprint in the world's most important agricultural regions, expanded our portfolio of value-added specialty fertilizers, and built one of the world's most efficient potash production complexes.  These investments were being made while we were reducing long term debt by $1 billion and repurchasing 15% of our outstanding shares. Looking ahead, we will continue creating value for our shareholders.  With the expansion of MicroEssentials capacity at Riverview, and the investments we've made in Mosaic Biosciences, we're pushing further into non-commodity value add Ag products. We're also continuing to explore enduring the purified phosphoric acid market for lithium iron phosphate battery production. We're engaged in discussions with auto and battery manufacturers, and our board has already approved engineering work on a commercial plant.  In Brazil, Mosaic is already the country's largest supplier of fertilizer, and we're expanding our footprint even further with a 1 million tonne distribution facility at Palmeirante in the fast growing northern region in Brazil. In potash, we're further optimizing our Esterhazy facility by debottlenecking the mills and adding 400,000 tonnes of very low cost production.  Across our business, we're pursuing cost reduction initiatives. Operational improvements and our global digital acceleration program are expected to drive significant savings throughout the enterprise of at least $150 million, which you'll be able to see in our segment results in SG&A. These are all modest investments with very high returns, which means we expect 2023 to be a high watermark for capital spending.  Next year, we expect total CapEx to be down by up to $200 million from 2023. This will allow us to continue returning all excess cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We believe our shares present very compelling value.  I look forward to continuing this dialogue with all of you. But for now, I'll hand it back to Joc for his final discussion on broader markets and our results.
Joc O'Rourke : Thank you, Bruce. Today's agriculture market is tight. Food security is a major concern around the world, but crop production is constrained. Global stock to use ratios for grain and oil seeds remains near historic lows, which highlights the crop supply is struggling to keep up with demand. Weather conditions around the world, particularly in developing markets have impaired production.  Today, El Nino weather patterns are having an impact across Southeast Asia and Australia. The situation has been exacerbated by persistent under fertilization. Over the last two years, we've begun to see a significant relationship between insufficient nutrient consumption and disappointing yields. And of course, key growing regions are being impacted by geopolitical flare ups and all out war, as is the case with the war in Ukraine.  Over the last two years, Ukrainian grain and oilseed exports are down 32% from pre-invasion levels. It's difficult to see how other regions will be able to offset the shortfall, given poor weather and reduce fertilizer applications.  Despite reduced production levels demand around the world remains strong. China's import of soybeans, beef and wheat are at record levels. India, which accounts for nearly 40% of global rice trade has a limited ban on non-basmati white rice exports and places duty on a portion of its remaining rice sales in order to ensure adequate domestic supply.  Additionally, we're now seeing emerging demand from renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel. In the U.S., biofuels represent a quarter of soybean consumption. These dynamics mean elevated crop prices could persist through 2024 and beyond and growers will want to maximize yields.  This brings us to the fertilizer market. The supply of potash and phosphates is being impacted by sanctions, weather disruptions, and evolving producer behavior. And potash, sanctions and other disruptions continue to limit exports from the former Soviet Union. Belarus remains blocked from port access in Lithuania, forcing it to find other outlets for its shipments. Some of those exports have shipped via ports in Russia or by rail into China. Though total shipments remain well below pre-sanction levels of 12 million tonnes. This year, we expect Belarus exports to be in the range of 8 million to 8.5 million tonnes and we expect limited increases from that range in 2024.  In Canada, labor strikes, rail congestion, and terminal repairs have limited the West's ability to mitigate lost FSU tons. More recently, the conflict in the Middle East, in addition to the ongoing war in Ukraine highlight the risk of further supply disruptions. In total global potash shipments are expected to be in the range of 64 million to 65 million tonnes simply because the supply isn't there to meet additional demand, particularly in developing markets where crop supply is primarily made up of subsistence farming.  In phosphates over the last decade, China grew to be the largest exporter of finished phosphate fertilizers, supplying about 30% of the seaborne market in 2021. But over the last 18 months export restrictions and a shift of production away from agriculture to industrial markets, has significantly reduced phosphate fertilizer exports. This year we estimate China's exports could be 3 million to 4 million tonnes below the 2021 level of 11.4 million tonnes or roughly 7 million to 8 million tonnes.  On the demand side, we are seeing strong consumption returning. We saw this play out in the spring in North America after a slow start to the season, favorable economics and depleted slow reserves brought farmers back to the market. Our phosphate and potash shipments in North America were the highest in the last five years. This was followed by a great summer fill program and a very strong fall application season. The last three months through October were a record for Mosaic's North American potash shipments.  We saw similar dynamics play out in Brazil, the after-season fertilizer shipments ended up being very strong. For the full year we expect total fertilizer shipments in Brazil to be 43 million to 44 million tonnes, the second highest total in history. With destocking of fertilizers in Brazil complete inventories are quite low and will need to be replenished for 2024.  In India, we continue to see strong demand driving elevated imports. Phosphate inventory levels are near the low end of the most recent five-year range, which suggests shipments are going straight to the ground. Potash inventories are also very low, and we're seeing indications of price acceptance that could drive higher shipments going forward.  For several quarters now we have discussed that once volumes begin to move prices will follow. We're now seeing available volumes move and pricing has stabilized and shown seasonal strength in many markets. These dynamics highlight the value of Mosaic's portfolio, our business is well positioned to meet customer needs and deliver value to shareholders.  In potash our third quarter results reflect the strong sales volumes in North America. To meet that demand and mitigate the impact of Esterhazy's planned turnaround, Colonsay was restarted at the beginning of the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect fourth quarter potash sales volumes of 2.4 million to 2.6 million tonnes and netback MLP prices at the mine in the range of $235 to $260 per tonne. Our pricing guidance reflects a product mix shift towards overseas sales as North American fall application season winds down. In phosphates, we recovered quickly from the impact of Hurricane Adelia. And we're able to restart operations in approximately three days, which really minimize the impact of the storm. Separately, we are working through the repairs that are Faustina facility and Louisiana following a power disruption by the local utility that occurred late in the third quarter. Those repairs should be completed in the fourth quarter. We expect fourth quarter sales volumes to be in the range of 1.6 million to 1.8 million tonnes and that price is at the plant gain of $530 to $580 per tonne.  Moving to Brazil, our Fertilizantes segment report is strong third quarter results. Let me emphasize that we pushed to destock high cost inventory in the first half of 2023. And this effort was completed early in the second quarter. Our distribution business is no longer experiencing the same pressures that others are, as you can see from our results this quarter. For the fourth quarter, over 90% of our sales volume is already committed and priced. With our order book and inventory position, we expect our fourth quarter distribution margin to be in the range of $40 to $50 per tonne.  Our approach to capital allocation has not changed. We remain committed to investing in our business, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders. Our CapEx budget for 2023 is $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. And as Bruce mentioned earlier, we expect to reduce total capital spending for 2024 by up to $200 million. Our balance sheet is strong and our commitment to return capital to shareholders remains unchanged. All excess cash will be returned through dividends and share buybacks.  Year-to-date, we have returned nearly $900 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends, including $150 million of repurchases in the third quarter.  Before we go to questions, let me summarize, the world needs more crop supply, and we won't get it without good fertilization. Farmers are seeing good economics and want to maximize yield with fertilizers. But supply is uncertain, and channel inventories are low. Mosaic is well positioned to benefit while continuing to deliver value to shareholders, and we're returning significant capital while still investing in the business.  I look forward to watching Bruce lead Mosaic into the future. Paul, let's move over to questions.
A - Paul Massoud : Before we move on to live Q&A as we've done in past quarters, we'd like to address some of the most common questions we received after we published our earnings materials last night.  For our first question Joc, many have asked us to discuss recent rulings regarding our countervailing duty petitions.
Joc O'Rourke : Yes, last week, the Department of Commerce raised duties on Russian product but it lowered duties on Moroccan supply. The Department of Commerce reviews are done on a yearly basis and are based on their assessment of foreign subsidies.  While we welcome fair competition, we expect to compete on a level playing field. Unfair foreign government subsidies disturb that dynamic, so we will continue to seek remedies when foreign players use aggressive marketing based on unfair subsidies that cause harm to our industry.  In today's market, trade flows may shift as a result of these adjustments. But as we saw over the last two years, global supply and demand is unaffected. Pricing continues strong due to high demand and decreased supply particularly from China. In a tight market suppliers will seek out the highest return for their product and as such, U.S. consumers will need to meet global pricing to ensure sufficient supply for their needs.
Paul Massoud : Joc, others have been struggling with destocking in Brazil, but Mosaic Fertilizantes has performed quite well in the third quarter. What differentiates Mosaic's business in Brazil from others, and what is your outlook for the rest of the year and in 2024?
Joc O'Rourke : In 2022, we like others in the Brazil agricultural industry, we're carrying inventory to support the expected demand. When that demand slowed in the second half of the year, we were left with higher priced inventory. But unlike others in Brazil, who are reliant on third party distributors and retailers, they have limited ability to directly restock their inventory. We on the other hand, were able to effectively deal with the destocking in the first half of the year. And by the third quarter prices had stabilized and the distribution margins had returned back to our expected range of 30 to $40 per ton. And as I mentioned, with 90% of our product committed and priced in the fourth quarter, we expect margins to increase further to $40 to $50 per tonne.  Now, there is always some positional risk in a distribution business. However, I believe we have managed through this volatile market as effectively as possible, which really sets us apart from other ag input companies and emphasizes the value of the integration of our production and distribution businesses.
Paul Massoud : Joc, our next question is on the potash market. Pricing has been muted despite supply uncertainty. How do you see the potash market evolving over the next year?
Joc O'Rourke : Thank you. As you've seen from the slides we published last night there's a clear relationship between under Application of phosphate and potash and below trend yields. Now farmers and retailers are recognizing this and demand is rebounding. As we've said in the past demand returns volumes move and prices follow. We saw this pattern play out this year with global volumes returning.  Jenny, can you walk us through the volume rebounds and why we expect a higher potash volume in 2024.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. We are seeing very strong broad based demand recovery in 2023, which we are forecasting 5 million tonnes of recovery to a 65 million tonnes. It is laid by North America market, we have had a very strong spring application, and then summer field replenished the amputee channel. And for this full application, we are seeing very strong application again, we're still having customers buying tonnes for us for the in season application. And for this new tonnes, we have realized at $20 per tonne pricing for Midwest warehouses in North America,  Brazil. Similarly to North America, we have seen very strong application for summer crop soybean applications. The window for the delivery has planned by two months, which give farmers opportunity to put down more potash into the market. With the strong potash application in Brazil, that sets a very strong recovery in that market. And we believe there are big buying to come for the Safrinha corn season, which is about to start soon.  And across the world to China, we are seeing China has record input to potash this year. And domestically in terms of the consumption, there's probably 10% of the potash application interested in China. And that is driven by the concerns to the food security and also a very strong commodity prices there as well. So with this major market demand growth in 2023, which set well into 2024 that we're going to continue to see broad based demand recovery. Starting from Southeast Asia, which in Malaysia, Indonesia, they have been working through their high priced inventory throughout 2023. And we are seeing customers reengaging now to prepare for 2024 as they will come out of any new drought impact and or low inventory of the potash in the channel. And lastly, rice and palm oil prices are very constructive for the farmers there to put down potash which has been under applied over the last two years.  India's subsidy program is supportive to potash as well with lowered farmer price, we should see a boost of the farmer usage of potash in that part of the market. And with improved affordability and stabilize the price, we are going to see very broad range of the demand recovery across the world in 2024.
Joc O'Rourke : Thanks, Jenny. So Jenny has given a view of the demand side. From a supply side we're modeling a recovery in Belarus from 70% to about 80% of presanctioned shipments. We're expecting Uralkali to recover to prewar levels and modest growth from EuroChem's [Indiscernible]. In Laos, we also expect to see some modest growth. So overall, if any of these fall short, we will see lower shipments not because of a demand problem, but because there is not enough supply.
Paul Massoud : Thanks, Joc. Operator, please open the lines for follow-up questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Steve Byrne with BofA. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Well, thank you and it's been a pleasure working with you, Joc. Wanted to drill into Fertilizantes a little bit here. Are we right that roughly 20% of the fertilizer volumes that you distribute come from your own phosphate production in the country? But we would assume the EBITDA contribution from that in country production is much greater than that 20%. Is that right? And what are your -- what's your prospects for either expanding that production or maybe switching into more TSP and reducing your ammonia purchasing costs down there?
Joc O'Rourke : Thanks, Steve. Yeah, so in Brazil, one of the benefits of the integration of course is we can move our own production through our distribution system. And while we sell a good chunk of it as a B2B business to other players in the market about 20% is not a bad number to estimate of what goes through our own system. That product we transfer at market price, so we try to keep this clean base between the two as possible.  That said, now we would expect under general market conditions that your margins for the production business would be better than distribution, or at least they would be for products such as TSP, or DAP. As you say, our probably our least profitable product that we make down there would be the SSP for good reason. And so we're constantly looking at how we make that product mix better, how we make it more profitable. And we can't ignore dicalcium phosphate or animal feed as well in there. So which is again, one of our highest return products. So that whole area of mix we're looking at, we've got a strong plan down there to reduce costs, but also to optimize production rates.  So all of that is in works. And all of that will be something that Bruce and with Karen Swager and her team will be working hard to accomplish.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Richard Garchitorena with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Garchitorena : Great. Thanks. And congrats, Joc. So my first question is just on the outlook for potash. Obviously, strong growth next year, 5 million tonnes. I was wondering how do you think about your operations heading into next year. Looks like in the 4Q guidance, you're going to come in around 8.7 million 8.9 million tonnes of production. So do you expect to keep those production levels next year? For all them to grow with the market? How are you thinking about that? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke : Yeah, thanks, Richard. And let me follow that with also a little bit of a discussion on how we look at Colonsay. For the first part of the question, I think, yes, we would expect the same sort of level next year, maybe a slight uptick because of increasing demand. But we're looking at somewhere in that same range of production, like say maybe a couple 100,000 tonnes higher depending on Campotex in particular.  But in terms of the strategy for it, over the last few years, Colonsay has been our swing plant. And, we've been able to ramp it up and down efficiently giving us the ability to run our lower cost Esterhazy and Belle Plaine at full rates while being able to flex production to meet demand. So as we look forward to next year, that is really going to be the question. What is demand going to look like, and we certainly have the ability to go either up or down from the approximately as you say 8.9, which is about where we think we'll spend and this year if you include Kaymak [ph].  So we always prioritize Esterhazy and Belle Plaine and we focus that on the North American granular grade market where we see our best netbacks. And then our next focus is meeting the international sales program of Campotex. This year strong North Americans demand coupled with lower enforcement, we needed Colonsay, both to offset Esterhazy is turnaround and to meet that increased demand. In the fourth quarter, we're expecting strong international shipments through [Indiscernible 0:26:26] as global markets continue to rebound.  So at this stage, we expect to need Colonsay to meet that demand and replenish our granular grade inventory in preparation for the North American spring season. And then, so that would put us about probably about the same level. But as we move into the second half of 2024 and beyond Esterhazy K3 will be fully ramped up, and the addition of our hydroflow project will optimize their capacity there. And so at this stage, we'll have to reassess the longer term role for Colonsay. And as always, we're focused on running our assets in a manner that maximizes value taking into account the need for flexibility and to deal with the seasonality and market variability in our business.  So just to summarize that in terms of your original question, we expect to run in that same sort of range maybe growing with the market which is growing at about 2% or 3% a year but next year we'll grow even more. And if we need that volume or if we find good value adding sales for that kind of volumes we'll run up. And if we don't, we'll probably hold where we are today with Colonsay being the variability in that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Joel Jackson: Hi, Joc. And congratulations as well. I got to follow up on that last question your answer because I'm confused. So you are saying Mosaic is saying today that you think demand for potash global is going to grow 5 million tonnes next year, from 65 to 70. Your Canpotex partner says 66 to 69, 3 million times 5 million tons, whatever, that's great growth. Your answer says that you're going to produce about the same in potash in Mosaic next year, then you said you might grow with the market which goes 2%-3%. But next year grows more, so explaining to this question.  If the market is going to grow 3 million tonnes, 4 million tonnes, 5 million tonnes next year, and you Mosaic can't supply more. And you're tied offshore with nutrients and to Canpotex, who's going to supply the extra 3 million, 4 million or 5 million
Joc O'Rourke : Well, I think that's exactly what I said in the prepared questions. Joel, thank you, by the way for the questions. And thank you for the comments.  Yeah, so if you look at this, we expect to see Belarus bring out about another million tonnes, we expect your Uralkali to bring out probably another million tonnes. And then EuroChem with their Volga Cali mine, which is ramping up now and recognize that it's been a pretty slow ramp up. But if we got 0.5 million to 700,000 tons between your [Indiscernible] and Volga Cali, there, you're at -- now you're at 2.7 million tonnes add another million tonnes from Laos. And you're pretty much at that gap. And that's what I was saying.  If those players -- and then probably likely up to -- maybe, and I say maybe a million tonnes for Canpotex, which would mean that that is satisfied that difference between 65 million and 70 million tonnes. So our share of Canpotex of that would be 300,000 or 400,000 tonnes. At which point we wouldn't need Cab --we wouldn't need Colonsay for 2024. Otherwise Colonsay wouldn't be needed.  But again, those are based on expectations that these other players bring up those tonnes. If it plays out different if they do better last year, I think Belarus did better than what we expected. Will they continue that ramp? We think that's unlikely, but we'll see how it plays out. So I don't think there's any inconsistency in how we're looking at it. We see tonnage being similar to what it is this year, with the exception of maybe 300,000-400,000 tonnes for Canpotex. And North America's had a very good year. I'm not sure I'll probably will continue.  And then the one thing I will say on all of it is, Canpotex has never done those levels of tonnage. And not because the mines can't supply it, but the logistics and the market haven't the market hasn't needed or the logistics haven't supported it. Last year, while the year before last, we had floods. We had rail problems, we had fires. This year, we've had port strikes, we've had failures at ports, more port strikes, it just isn't thinking that we're going to jump up by 2 million or 3 million tonnes I just don't think is realistic.  So I don't know how you put that in your model Joel, but you're going to have to try.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Hi, good morning. And as well from my side Joc, all the best for retirement enjoy that peace. Now all my question wanted to go back to some of the phosphate comments you made and the projects and looking into PPA for LSP and those investments clearly something that that's come up more frequently as a solution to the electrification of some light vehicles.  So if we think about how you're positioned and maybe the capex needs. Can you help us put that into perspective, just what would you think this might cost you to build this out? And what's like the expected return profile of that business? That will be much appreciated. Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke : Okay, thanks, Ben. Yeah. So at this stage, we're at the, I would say early feasibility stage moving into the design phase to get to a final, let's call it a bankable feasibility to do all this. So the numbers are pretty preliminary. What we've looked at so far, though, has been for purified phosphoric acid and potentially building a powder plant, which would be the precursor to a lithium iron phosphate cathode. So at this stage, we're probably looking at 100,000 tonnes of purified phosphoric acid at our Louisiana facility. And our expectation of cost is probably in the range of $0.5 billion to build that.  Now, obviously, we have to look at the long term demand profile and what we can expect for pricing. But what we've seen so far is first phase has got a strong, higher than well over a cost of capital return. And then if we go future phases, obviously the capital per ton decreases, and that return gets better as we go forward. But we're going to do it in a modular way, by doing it in a modular way, we will reduce the long term risk, market risk, et cetera, et cetera.  And what we're seeing, though, from a qualitative perspective, is due to the expense of nickel, cobalt, et cetera, there is a strong trend towards lithium iron phosphate batteries, not only for electric vehicles, but also for stationary power. And particularly, our view is that, while electric vehicles will be the early growth engine, long term, you will need these stationary batteries to make up for the variability of both solar and wind. They don't tend to come at exactly the same time as demand. So you have to have some level of buffering.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from John Roberts at Mizuho. Please go ahead.
John Roberts : Thanks. And best wishes Joc and congrats, Bruce. I'm looking at Slide 7 and the hand deck on under application versus yield. Obviously, the bottom line is that most of the world is in the left quadrant. But are there any other key takeaways from those slides?
Joc O'Rourke : I think the key takeaway there from my perspective, John, and again, thanks for the question. I think this is -- so intuitively, we've been saying for a long time that fertilization is what drives plant growth. I mean if you don't feed any organism, they don't grow. But what we haven't been able to do in the past, I guess, is really show the relationship in a clear way.  Now what we've seen here is under application and probably mining of the soil, even with both of those, we're seeing a clear relationship between the yields and particularly phosphate and potash usage. Now you see the nitrogen, which is more likely to be used in first, and you see particularly when you look at Asia, which includes India, where the over application of nitrogen actually isn't helping yields at all, whereas the under application of phosphate and potash really is hurting yields.  And if you do the math on those things, if you take phosphate and potash application into account and then you look at the yield loss, it's about a two to one price of fertilizer to yield loss. So in other words, if you're saving $10 on fertilizer, you're losing $20 on yield. So the point here is farmers are incented to properly fertilizer field, and they cannot afford to continue to mine the soil.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews : Thank you. And let me echo the comments, Joc, congratulations on retirement and a pleasure working with you all these years. In terms of my question, I wanted to ask a bit more on the Brazilian market and some of the comments that were made in terms of the safrinha season, and it sounds like you're pretty optimistic about application rates there. And I just maybe you're getting good intelligence from your fertilized on taste business versus some of the other comments that are out there. But there is commentary and some data suggesting that planted acreage is going to be down on corn.  Maybe some of us can go to cover crops and some of the grower associations are talking about or advising their growers to maybe back off on inputs. But are you seeing on the ground that the demand and the shipments and so forth is quite strong ahead for that season? Or what's giving you the confidence about this?
Joc O'Rourke : Yeah. Thanks, Vincent. I'm try to unpack that one a little bit. Yeah. So as we head into safrinha, I think the concern that's out there, if you will. And I'm not saying it's an unfounded concern is when you look at the basis for corn that we're starting to see in the market, it's not the global market price. It's the idea that the basis -- the in-country basis, the availability of transport and et cetera, to get it out of the country has been challenging, and it's probably hurt the economics of some of the farmers.  That being said, if we look at the general in-country price to the price of fertilizer and what we call the barter ratio down in Brazil, it still shows a fairly profitable corn yield and on -- sorry, corn market. So our view is that probably is early stage and probably a little overstated. It's like what we saw this year in safrinha season, where earlier projections, we were looking at -- people were looking at 40 million tonnes. Now we're looking a lot closer to 43 million tonnes of total fertilizer to Brazil, which is starting to get back to the peak of 46 million tonnes.  Historically, Brazil has grown at about 4% or 5% a year. So we expect, in general, Brazil to continue to grow both acreage and yields. So fertilizer demand has to follow that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jacob Bout with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Jacob Bout : Hi, good morning. And congratulations on Joc on your retirement. Maybe just going back to the potash industry. Last week, there was the announcement of the second phase of Janssen. And just curious on getting your thoughts on what the impact of Janssen will be on the potash industry, both in North America and also globally? And do you think about changing your market strategy allows this ramp?
Joc O'Rourke : Yeah. Thanks, Jacob. Let me, first of all, say, by their own announcements, and I have had conversations that would tell me that while they will start up first phase at the end of 2026, they won't be ramped up to 4 million tonnes on their own estimates until 2030. At 2030, they would start their second phase, and that would probably ramp up similarly over five years. So in our five-year forecast, we have little or no significant production from BHP.  As we look out 10-ish years, which is what we're talking about here, if we see the market growing at the rate from -- as I said to Joe, and maybe the point here is growing from the 72 million tonnes, we were pre war, not from the 65 million tonnes. But if we see the market growing at that 2% a year, that's 1 million-plus tonnes a year.  So in 10 years, you could easily be in a position where that could be absorbed reasonably. How it will work from a trade flow perspective is absolutely yet to be seen. We assume that they would go into the North American market. But the best analogy probably is the [indiscernible] mine [ph], where for all the worry about the disruption. There's really came on and it came on slowly. They focused on the export market, and it really was absorbed in quite reasonably.  So who knows what it will do, I guess, if it comes on faster that could change people's strategies. But for now, I think I would say is hold the course and I don't see it as a big threat for a long time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Lucas Beaumont : Good morning. This is Lucas Beaumont for Josh. Just switching to phosphates. So your shipment forecast there is calling for an increase of 2 million to 3 million tonnes next year. So just wondering, could you kind of walk us through how you see your production outlook compared to this year? And how much of that shipment uplift would you expect to capture from this year's base? Thanks. 
Joc O'Rourke : Okay. Thank you. Yeah. So we are expecting growth in the range of 2 million to 3 million tonnes next year as the market continues to recover, there will be some recovery by us and probably our Moroccan competitor will have some increased production. We expect a small increase again from China's exports, not back to where they were, but about flat to where they were last year -- or this year, sorry.  In all cases, the demand, like I say, will be met by all of those. And then some of the Middle East producers will also be ramping up and PhosAgro, I think, has a small ramp-up that they're looking at. So it will be met. But what we see there is probably a phosphate market that continues to be tight and maybe even tightening a bit next year. So it actually looks pretty good from a perspective of our future.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong : Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking questions. So just in the phosphate segment, kind of as we work through this more recent issue and operations, percentage of return to normal. Can you just talk about what normal looks like on a quarter-to-quarter basis? I mean, it's been kind of difficult with the different impacts over the past couple of years. So just kind of get a good sense on what's a normal production run rate, what are normal costs? What do they look like today kind of relative to where we've been historically? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke : Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. I'm going to hand this over to Bruce because Bruce will be obviously responsible, along with Karen and her team for the future of the phosphate here. And I think -- yeah, a fair question because we have had a lot of issues with respect to big hurricanes, pandemics and some mechanical faults. So worth a bit of a detailed answer. Bruce, can I give it to you?
Bruce Bodine : Yeah. Thanks, Joc, and thanks, Andrew. Just to start with your question, we're I think historical levels that we've proven about 2 million tons a quarter is what we would expect out of Florida once we get back to kind of normal operation. But I think it's worth to Joc's point, kind of walking through some of the history here in the last two years with our phosphate production because it has been below those historical levels for sure.  Some of it has been a function of some of the new rock reserves that we're now mining here in Florida. We are becoming a lot more familiar with the kind of chemistry of the rock and should see some of those incremental impacts start to subside in the future as we move forward. But really, the larger issue is kind of two. One has been Louisiana this year. We've experienced some unexpected operational and maintenance issues with two of our larger sulfuric acid plants, which has restricted ultimately finished product production on the back half of this year.  A large chunk of that production was just returned to service this week. And then the remaining work that needs to be done there will be completed by the end of the year. So going into 2024, those issues should be largely behind us in Louisiana.  And then the last that Joc kind of alluded to is the lingering effects of -- the pandemic and the various hurricanes these past few years in both Florida and Louisiana have proven more difficult than I think we otherwise would have expected. And I think that's not uncommon, not only for us but in other industries that we've heard as well. So we are investing a significant part of our sustaining capital to restore some of the historical proven turnaround cycles that have been disrupted through the pandemic and some of these hurricanes. And we are aggressively in addition to that, replacing some of our aging assets throughout North America. And when we couple all of that from an asset base with the better technology that our global digital acceleration investments that we've talked about are coming to bear as well as some other internal organization realignment that we've done, we should see even better proactive managing of maintenance of our equipment and onboarding and training of some of our key personnel, all of that leading to improved reliability and productivity. So to close and get to your point, we expect to see production volumes significantly improve next year from the last two years and return to historical run rate levels at that $2 million a quarter in the back half of 2024.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson : Yes, thank you. And good morning, everyone. I want to come back to potash and Mosaic's own kind of production outlook. And I just want to be clear on this year, the company has -- especially in the third quarter, you've taken out -- your sales have exceeded your own production by about 575,000 tonnes. Now last year, you sold more than -- you produced more than you sold, but you've worked down a pretty healthy amount of your own inventories. You're calling for a sequential uplift in sales volumes in the fourth quarter, which would be at a level that really the company has really never hit on a quarterly basis, but I know investors has been expanded.  But I guess as we -- going back to some earlier lines of questioning, why couldn't -- rather than Jack, you alluded to logistics constraints being a real challenge for Mosaic to operate at higher volumes. Why wouldn't the natural investment for Canpotex be to increase its logistics capability and alternative port infrastructure, maybe away from the West Coast that could kind of provide some risk mitigation to winter weather that would allow the company and your Canpotex partner to produce more consistently and reliably at higher rates because close might be your higher cost mine, but it's not high cost really in the context of the global market.
Joc O'Rourke : Thanks, Adam. You make great points there. Let me start by saying, Canpotex has greatly improved their logistics capabilities through rail infrastructure improvements in our facility in Vancouver, our facility in Portland has been expanded. We have maximized or optimized our use -- their use, I'd say there because it's -- it is an independent entity, their use of the, I would say, John's port and the use of Thunder Bay. So we are sending as Canpotex significant volumes, both to the East Coast and the West Coast, and that allows us to deal with things like the port strikes and whatnot. My only point there is there is a limit to what you can move and how fast you can grow. We've probably grown Canpotex over the years from, let's say, 10 million, 10.5 million tonnes to 13 million to 14 million tonnes. So if you look at it from that perspective, Canpotex has actually done a pretty darn good job.  And I can tell you that under the leadership of Ken Seitz and continued under the leadership of Gord McKenzie, Canpotex has taken some real strides to solidify their markets, to improve their logistic capability. My point there is not to say that we haven't been doing a lot on that end. It's to say that we can't ignore those as real limitations to how fast you can possibly grow and how fast you can respond to step changes or disruptions in the international market.  And then finally, of course, you're relying on Canadian National and Canadian Pacific Railways, who from time to time have issues as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Aron Ceccarelli with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Aron Ceccarelli : Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I would like to go back to potash. Despite your strong sales volume for outlook for Q4, your pricing outlook is relatively muted, as you said. At the same time, Nutrients flagged that Russia is possibly coming back a little bit faster than originally anticipated. There's a contract with China and Canpotex's expiring if I'm correct at the end of the year. My question is what could really prevent us to see a contract with China next year with Canpotex between Canpotex and China to be below $307 per tonne? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke : Yeah. Okay, Aron, thank you. Look, as we look forward on this, if we are back at the 70 million tonnes, which we expect the demand to be, there will be room for the Russians. The Russians will continue to export across the years by rail, Belarus will continue to export by rail into China. The seaborne product will have to continue because China is actually buying record amounts of potash as they need for their growth of their markets. So I've always said and even our Chinese customers fully agree that the Chinese customers need Canpotex and Canpotex needs are Chinese customers.  So it is one of those situations where, yes, there's always tension as you try to build -- get to the final contract, and it matters what the level of inventory sitting on the ground is in China, what their demand is at the time. And there's always a holdout to the last possible moment. But in the end, you come up with a contract, which is as close as we can to the market. And that's a -- they're very informed buyers and our Canpotex marketers are very informed marketers. So you normally come up with a pretty good balance. In terms of whether we can repeat the $307 contract really depends on how things look as you move into 2024. The relevance of the seaborne trade is lower today than it was before because of these rail imports and because of the Qinghai Lake production, which is taking up a good chunk of their production. But the point I make there is the issue will not be Russian's new production coming on or anything like that. It will be how does the global market look? What is the price comparators for Brazil, for Indonesia, Malaysia, China possibly? And again, what's their inventory position and when are they ready to come to the table.  So it's pretty early days, but that market will always have a fairly complicated dynamic.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas : Thanks very much. I think Belarus Cali [ph] over the past 2 months has been shipping at a little bit more than 900,000 tonnes per month, which means that they're shipping at an annualized rate now of about 11 million tonnes. And so I was wondering why you thought next year, they might be 3 million tonnes below their normal output?
Joc O'Rourke : Yeah. Thanks, Jeff. I think the simple thing there is we don't know where exactly that is coming from. Is that product that's been built up at a port waiting to go out? I think you can't look at three months, particularly three months of summer and compare to whole year. We know that those ports have issues in the winter with respect to freezing and unavailability, et cetera, et cetera. So as we look at -- whether we look at Belarus, Belaruskali or whether we look at the Russian producers, their seasonal shipments are never as high as their summer shipments.  So our expectation is that's what they'll do. And again, not unlike Canada, it gets pretty darn cold in the winter around that area. And shipping by rail, that kind of distance, it can be pretty challenging. You're going to get all kinds of issues. And so our expectation is, yes, they may be able to do it in the summer, but we would discount that or at least risk adjust that for the winter months.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Joc O'Rourke : Okay. So to conclude our call, before I reiterate our key messages, let me just say, I've dealt with many of you now for 15 years. It has been a pleasure I was hoping you'd be a little easier on me on my last day, but you clearly weren't going to do that. So I thank you for your honesty anyway.  In terms of Mosaic and the business as it goes forward. I continue to believe that we are a well-positioned company at a great time in a great market. And I think Bruce and team will do very well going forward. But let me just conclude at least this quarter. The ag fundamentals continue to be compelling. Growing demand for grains and oilseeds just bodes really well for the future. Farmers around the world continue to have the incentive to maximize production. And that, in turn, leads to strong fertilizer demand. And we expect tight supply and demand dynamics for both of our products for the foreseeable future.  Now Mosaic as a company is in excellent position to benefit from these market dynamics. Our balance sheet is strong, we're investing in the business and returning capital to shareholders.  And with that, I'm going to sign off, pass the baton to Bruce and wish them the best in the future and for their earnings calls. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Paul Massoud, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A of The Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat and then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter 2023 earnings call. Mosaic delivered revenues of $3.4 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $744 million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.04. First, I'd like to discuss the broader agricultural market. Where fundamentals remain constructive, global demand for crops is very strong and supply is struggling to keep up. Geopolitical events are having a major impact. The war in Ukraine continues to restrict supply from one of the world's most important agricultural regions. Last month, the UN Black Sea Grain Initiative collapsed and was followed by the bombing of several grain terminals. As a result, we expect Ukrainian exports of corn and wheat to be down by as much as 30% versus last year, which was in itself a down year. But conflict is only one part of the supply problem. Around the world, weather extremes are having a profound effect on crop production. North American yields this year could be negatively impacted by dry conditions and El Nino is hurting production across Southeast Asia and Australia. This situation is exacerbated by underapplication of nutrients, especially potash, which is crucial for drought resistance and crop resilience. To maximize yields and meet global consumption needs, growers need to increase cropping intensity, which will mean increasing fertilizer applications. The world can't afford multiple years of underfertilization and crop production shortfalls. Today, China is importing record levels of soybean, wheat and beef. Roughly 5 million tonnes of China's corn imports over the last 12 months were sourced from the Black Sea Grain deal. This is supply that must be replaced by other regions. The shortfall extends beyond China. Countries across Europe, Africa and Asia will need to replace lost Ukrainian supply. In India, the focus remains on food security and affordability. Recently, the government responded by banning the export of non-Basmati white rice to ensure adequate domestic supply. Constrained supply and strong demand will continue to put pressure on global stock use ratios, which are already at multiyear lows. All these dynamics together continue to support a constructive ag market. The strong ag fundamentals should lead to strong fertilizer demand for the next several years, and we're already seeing robust demand in several of our key markets. Since the spring, improved affordability, channel inventory destocking and sustained demand for grain and oilseeds have brought customers back to the market. In North America, a strong spring application season depleted fertilizer inventories, which customers are now looking to replenish. Logistical constraints associated with low water levels on the Mississippi River and limited trucking capacity persist, but favorable grower economics are leading retailers to secure supplies early to avoid any backups. In Brazil, the market is beginning to move as we expected. Like we saw in North America, demand was deferred late into the typical window, but customers have returned to the market. In-country inventories are well below the levels seen earlier this year and growers are trying to secure tonnes ahead of the fast approaching Zafra season. In India, monsoon rains have been strong enough to drive grower demand for fertilizer. Phosphate imports are expected to be strong throughout the rest of the year. Switching to potash supply. Sanctions continue to restrict Belarusian exports. After a surge earlier in the year, rail volumes to China started to level off. We continue to expect Belarusian potash exports to be in the range of 7 million to 8 million tonnes, which is well below their historic 13 million tonnes. In North America, port terminal capacity has been constrained by multiple events. Repairs at Canpotex's Portland terminal are ongoing and should be completed by the end of the year. In Vancouver, a 13-day strike resulted in a temporary curtailment of the Neptune Terminal, but work continues to finalize a new labor deal, and we hope this will be resolved shortly. Canpotex is making use of alternative ports in Canada and in the Southern and Eastern United States to mitigate some, but likely not all of the impact on international shipments. We expect constrained phosphate supply as well. Over the last several years, changes to China's environmental policy led to the permanent closure of 25% of their domestic capacity. China is also focusing on food security by ensuring adequate domestic supply while also meeting rising industrial demand, both of which are expected to limit exports for the foreseeable future. Industrial demand, particularly in China's lithium iron phosphate production, is expected to grow dramatically over the next several years. Last year, LFP production more than doubled to 1.1 million tonnes of finished fertilizer equivalent and production is expected to grow by an additional 500,000 tonnes in 2023. This new market will continue to take phosphate volumes away from fertilizer production. We expect China's exports to be in the range of 7 million to 8 million tonnes this year or roughly 35% below 2021 export levels. Overall, the fertilizer market recovery is playing out as we expected. In a tight market, volumes are moving and prices are following. Phosphate prices have risen over the last month, while potash prices have stabilized and are now beginning to move higher. This sets the stage for a constructive second half of the year and into 2024. We believe our business is well positioned to capitalize on this recovery. Over the last several years, we've invested in our business to maintain our position as a reliable supplier to customers. In addition to the work we've done on our production assets, we've also invested in the infrastructure necessary to deliver that product. A few examples include the overhauling of our rail fleet, revitalizing our in-country distribution facilities and our purchase of the remaining share of golf sulfur services to secure logistics around our sulfur supply. These investments are integral to our results. In potash, sales volumes for the second quarter reflected the benefit of a strong North American spring planting season, while prices reflected the bottoming of the global market. Markets are improving, a trend we expect to continue throughout the second half of 2023. Over the last year, Mosaic has met demand by carefully managing production and inventory. We have built a flexible, low-cost system that's able to capture market opportunities as they become available. Last month, we temporarily restarted our Colonsay mine to replace Esterhazy production, which is currently undergoing its summer turnaround. In the third quarter, we expect total potash sales volumes of 2.1 million to 2.3 million tonnes. This guidance reflects the results of a very successful summer fill program in North America, which was oversubscribed by 30%. We currently expect MOP prices at the mine in the range of $250 to $300 per tonne. In phosphates, we reported strong sales volumes in the second quarter. Our average realized price was at the high end of our guidance range, and our stripping margin benefited from lower raw materials costs. As we discussed last quarter, we are pushing ahead with increased investments in our phosphate business targeted at improving reliability. This may require short-term increases in maintenance like we experienced during the second quarter. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we have a solid order book with 70% committed and priced today. We anticipate total sales to be in the range of 1.7 million to 1.9 million tonnes and DAP prices at the plant in the range of $475 to $525 per tonne. In Brazil, we reported sequential improvements in our operating results. Our distribution margins are recovering, and we expect that trend to continue in the third quarter as Brazil demand moves higher. 90% of our third quarter volume is already committed and priced. Finally, I'd like to spend some time on our capital allocation strategy. Our approach has not changed. We remain committed to investing in our business, maintaining a strong balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders. In potash, an independent audit of the K3 mine and K2 mill expansion was recently completed, which verified a total nameplate capacity of 7.8 million tonnes at our Esterhazy potash complex. Esterhazy is now the largest potash operation in the world and certainly one of the most efficient. In addition to the underground optimization, we've also begun debottlenecking the K2 mill at Esterhazy by installing a new hydrofloatation process. This will add up to 400,000 tonnes of incremental production capacity with minimal additional operating costs. We're investing $55 million in this project, which has an unlevered after-tax IRR in excess of 75%. In phosphates, we continue to move production away from commodity products and towards differentiated value-added products through the expansion of MicroEssentials capacity at our Riverview facility. Following the expansion, which is expected to be complete by the end of the year, about half of our North American phosphate sales volumes will be higher value specialty products. This is a $34 million investment with an after-tax unlevered IRR in excess of 50%. This expansion comes just ahead of next year's launch of MicroEssentials Pro, which is the next generation of MicroEssentials. Our field trials in Brazil indicate that growers will see a yield bump on soybean acres of 3% or roughly 2 bushels per acre versus current generation of MicroEssentials. Against traditional MAP solutions, MicroEssentials Pro provides an 8% yield advantage or nearly five bushels an acre. The patent on the new formulation extends through 2038. We are very excited about the launch of MicroEssentials Pro, which builds on an already strong foundation of value creation for the growers, our customers and for our shareholders. In addition to higher-grade phosphate fertilizer, we're also exploring entry into purified phosphoric acid for the lithium iron phosphate battery market. Our initial work has validated this opportunity and together with constructive and developing discussions with OEMs and battery manufacturers, our Board of Directors has approved an additional $60 million to commence engineering work on a commercial plant. In our Mosaic Fertilizantes business, we're building a 1 million-tonne blending and distribution facilities in Palmeirante, in the state of Tocantins in Northern Brazil. We currently don't have much presence in this region, so the facility will extend our distribution footprint into an attractive high-growth area. This is an $80 million investment with an after-tax unlevered IRR in excess of 20%. In total, our capital spending expectations this year remains unchanged at $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. Our balance sheet is strong. During the quarter, we entered into a $700 million credit facility, which gives us additional flexibility to manage our capital. Our final focus is on capital return to shareholders. All excess cash will be returned to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Year-to-date, we're ahead of our target. Over the last 18 months, we've repurchased 15% of our float and believe our shares still represent good value. Our regular dividend today is $0.80 per share, and our business positions us to consider further increases over time. To sum up, Mosaic continues to demonstrate the earnings power and resilience we have created over the last several years. Our second quarter results were strong despite deferred fertilizer demand in many markets and our outlook for the remainder of the year and beyond is quite positive. The world's farmers have strong incentive to maximize crop production and meet global food demand. Fertilizer is critical to their success, and Mosaic will continue to meet that need.
Paul Massoud: Thanks, Joc. Before we open the lines for live Q&A, we'd like to address some of the most common questions that came in last night. Our first question is on our guidance. With fertilizer markets turning higher in the last few weeks, is there conservatism in our outlook? What are we assuming in our volume and price ranges for phosphates and potash?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Paul. In potash, our volume will be dependent on the ability to ship internationally. With the continued labor unrest following the 13-day strike in Vancouver and the ongoing repairs at Portland, our export capability may be limited. But the midpoint of our guidance range is in line with our historic average, which tells you how strong the North American demand has been this summer. Demand has been very strong with our summer fill program oversubscribed by 30%. Phosphate volumes could also see some upside given the strong global demand, but we're limited on inventory. We expect production to be higher sequentially, so there is some opportunity to exceed our current guidance range. On pricing, 70% of our Q3 order book is committed and priced. Depending on how the rest of the quarter plays out, there is an opportunity for price upside. But much of that would get realized in the fourth quarter, where we have more unpriced tonnes.
Paul Massoud: Joc, our next question is on Brazil. Fertilizantes' recovery appears to be slower than some had expected. Were there any major surprises in the second quarter? And how should investors think about that business in the second half of the year?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Paul. Weaker pricing affecting our production business and demand deferral due to grower liquidity issues extended longer into the second quarter than we had been anticipating. But the market did eventually turn. And at today's prices, the [indiscernible] ratio for beans is very attractive, which is driving farmers to secure supply for their Zafra season. Our distribution business posted a sequential improvement in quarter two, and we see that trend continuing into the second half of the year. Second half distribution margins are expected to be at the high end of our targeted range of $30 to $40 per tonne. In production, second quarter results were impacted by unplanned outages at Uberaba and Araxá. Those issues are behind us, so we expect higher volumes in the third quarter. The other issue in our production business was working through higher cost inventories of sulfur and ammonia, which we now expect to be lower in the third quarter. Overall, with high-cost finished product destocking and distribution now complete and Brazilian operational issues behind us, the business is very well set up for Brazil's busiest quarter of the year.
Paul Massoud: Joc, our next question is on Colonsay. What was the rationale for Colonsay's restart? Is market demand now strong enough to keep it running after Esterhazy's turnaround is complete?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Paul. Yes. Colonsay will be needed for the foreseeable future. Over the last year, we have met potash demand by carefully managing production and inventories. In quarter two, strong demand in North America resulted in approximately 300,000 tonnes of inventory drawdown with Esterhazy's planned summer turnaround and a very successful summer fill program, Colonsay tonnage is required to meet our customer expectations and needs. At present rates, Colonsay must run approximately five months to replace the one month Esterhazy maintenance turnaround. With strong demand in North America and a rebounding international market, the main determinant to future volumes will only be limited by export logistics capabilities.
Paul Massoud: Joc, the last question that we want to address is on capital allocation. Is Mosaic still committed to returning all free cash flow to shareholders?
James O'Rourke: Our commitment to return all of our free cash flow has not changed. Though to reiterate, that is a commitment to return cash flow over time, not a quarterly commitment. Returns will vary from quarter-to-quarter based on the seasonality of our business and internal capital needs. However, keep in mind, year-to-date, we have returned in excess of 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders.
Paul Massoud: That concludes the fireside portion of our call. Operator, could you please open the lines for the live Q&A?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Steve Byrne of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrne: Yes, thank you. Joc, I'd like to hear your view on what you think is an appropriate potash price in the market right now, given, as you highlighted, the reduced production at Belarus, you got tight inventory levels in most of the world, lower nutrient levels in much of the soil and yet you're expecting pricing in the high 200s mine gate. Does that seem appropriate to you? Or is there something that's causing potash pricing to be weaker than maybe we would have thought. Some second tier pricing out there that's coming from perhaps Russia or Belarus, is there some of that, that's causing this?
James O'Rourke: Steve, it's a really good question. And I think you have to start with the after effects of last year where I think in some key markets, there was panic and then overpricing and then the reflection or the shadow of that was a complete walk away from the market by farmers. We talk about a potash holiday or whatever. I think as we move into particularly this third quarter, I would say that we have probably overcorrected significantly to the downside now based on basic facts. The market is not going to be demand limited. The market is definitely going to be supply limited in potash. Our expectations from the former Soviet Union, Belarus, we're expecting it to still be in the range of 7 million, down from -- 7 million to 8 million, down from 13 million. The Russian producers themselves are down as much as 4 million to 5 million tonnes this year. So I definitely think that mine gate prices are probably arguably at least $100 below what they could easily move to in probably the near term. So do I believe the prices are appropriate for where we are today? No. But at the same time, I will reiterate that from a first perspective, the volumes have to move. Those volumes are now moving and they're moving strongly. Brazil is moving strongly as we move into Zafra. Our North American fill program is extremely successful. We're starting to see not only volume move, but price move in China. India still has its problems, but I think that they need product. So I think all of those things lead to a very strong rebound, and I'm hoping it doesn't create too much of a rebound that it can't happen in a more orderly way. So overall, I would say -- the fundamentals point to something that should be quite bullish.
Operator: The next question comes from Joel Jackson of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Good morning, Joc and team. On phosphates, could you talk a little bit about in your release, your comment that says for phosphate in the third quarter, you expect margins will benefit from lower raw material costs in the third quarter. So does that imply that you think third quarter phosphate margins will be up sequentially? And then just in general, phosphate rock costs have been higher for several quarters. Should we expect that to continue? When would phosphate rock costs, maybe, go back down to more normalized ranges? Or is it near normal?
James O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Joel. So assuming the phosphate prices hold, clearly, lower raw materials prices will result in a better margin. And we see actually a divergence. We're still seeing the -- at least the sulfur prices has remained low and has gone to even lower. Ammonia, on the other hand, is starting to tighten up a little bit. So we might expect ammonia to be flat or even up a little bit over the rest of the year, depending, obviously, on markets. But overall, we think that raw material costs will help our margins this year or this next six months. And what we're seeing is we're seeing price movement. Jenny, do you just want to clarify price movement on phosphates, particularly, I guess, Brazil right now?
Jenny Wang: Yes, Joc. Phosphate price changed well, moved up towards since beginning of July. In North America, DAP and MAP price moved up over $50 per tonne and Brazil followed over the last few weeks as well. And we should see the price upward impact not only in Q3, but also into Q4.
James O'Rourke: And the second half of your question or the second part of your question was the rock cost in mining. And I guess there's a couple of issues within mining that are relevant. Our new area we're mining in four corners. We have run into -- which isn't surprising. As we start a new area, we run into variations in the rock quality and the rock and what we're running into as we mine. And then in South Fort Meade, we are running into -- we're in a new area in the eastern extension of that mine. In both those cases, we -- in the second quarter, we were moving into new areas. So as we get into the new areas, and we're in the main ore bodies, we expect those costs will come down as the grade and the ease of mining increases.
Operator: Next question comes from Richard Garchitorena of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Garchitorena: Great, thanks for taking my question. Looking at the slides, when you look at global shipments, it looks like you took your potash shipments down as well as phosphate assumptions for the year. Just wondering, is that a function of the limitations you're seeing upon the port level, demand, you're talking about strong demand in North America as well as in Brazil. And then just what's driving the reduction on the phosphate side as well?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Richard. In terms of our phosphate volumes, if we look at the first half, they've probably been a little lower than what we might have expected. The markets have been good. The limitation has probably been, in general, starting inventory at the start of the year was low, and then we're running, I would say -- hand to mouth would be the way to say it. So every ton that we make is going straight to market. And that means if you're -- if anything -- any hiccups, you have -- you get delays. So it puts risk on the timing for particularly the end of the year. So on that -- in that case, I think the market is strong. We'll be -- whatever we can produce, we'll be able to sell. In potash is exactly what I said earlier, which is the logistics constraints, particularly for our exports will be the main limitation.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Parkinson of Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Christopher Parkinson: Great, thank you so much. Just on the potash rock cost, just given the shift in mine mix, at least temporarily towards Colonsay versus Esterhazy. How should we be thinking about the cash costs during the second half of '23 based on your projected operates? And then any preliminary views once Esterhazy back up and presumably Colonsay stays back online. Just what would be kind of the normalized run rate that we should be considering into 2024?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Chris. If I think about this from a macro level, if you will, which is probably the easiest, I think the cost at Colonsay -- cash cost at Colonsay. So we'll look at those with the way we're running are probably coming in $30 higher than Esterhazy. So for the one month of Esterhazy downtime that we're replacing in the, say, the next five months of Colonsay running, that incremental 100,000 tonnes a month will be at a $30 increase in cost. Again, highly profitable still. And again, part of the -- our thinking is always we want to be selling a highly profitable tonnes. So -- but once Esterhazy is up and running, and again, Esterhazy will be up and running probably in a month after we finish the maintenance turnaround. And then we'll be looking at continuing to run Colonsay because we'll need to make up that tonne plus the -- sorry, the tonnes from a month of downtime in the Esterhazy complex plus the 300,000 tonnes that we -- we didn't start up Colonsay until we absolutely had to. And that was the time we absolutely had to. So it will run for a while. And during that time, 100,000 tonnes a month will come out at a $30 higher cost than probably what our average would have been prior to that.
Operator: The next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Quick questions on potash shipments again. You have it at 62 million to 65 million tonnes. Like do you see it going back to that 70 million range over the next year or two? And part two of that same question, part of the reduction was due to fewer tonnes out of Belarus and Russia. Like why can't the other producers ramp up to replace those lost transform Eastern Europe if the issue is not lower demand?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Edlain. Again, I just want to reiterate, the 62 million to 65 million tonnes is not demand-driven this year. It is supply driven. I'm going to give over to Jenny to just walk through the details. But let me say, the market was low to start at the start of the year. So there were constraints in terms of a slow start to Brazil, a little bit later, China contract or whatever. And so it took some time to get product really moving this year. But as we go through that, like we said earlier, the limitation is going to be logistics. And I think what will allow the other producers to make up the gap is going to depend on if you can actually move it. I would imagine that most of the other producers or most of the other sources other than maybe Canpotex are actually supply limited. And Canpotex is likely going to be logistics limited. But Jenny, do you want to just go through the supply and demand balance?
Jenny Wang: Yes, I think you covered well on the supply side of the limitation from Belarus and Russia earlier and also the limitation on the logistics side for the Canadian producers. On the supply side, we are seeing a wide range of recovery in the global market, firstly, laid by the North America market. We are saying North American potash demand are growing back by 20% or more this year versus last year. So this has been proven from a strong spring application and a very strong summer field program. We're seeing the rebounding of the demand in Brazil as well and also similarly to the other Latin American market. How this demand is going to recover this year even greater than our current estimation, which is 64 million tonnes, it is really supply driven. So back to your question when we will see this number -- a shipment number to go back to 70 million tonnes? Probably next year, the supply is unlikely going to go back to 70 million tonnes. We are forecasting in 2025 when the FSU producers' shipment could be recovered back to pre-sanction and that number might be achieved. So once again, the shipment for potash at a global level is really constrained by supply.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Just to reiterate, and I think this also answers part of where Steve Byrne was coming from earlier. Until there's a resolution of the Ukraine war and until there's a resolution of the Belarus sanctions, this is going to be a supply-constrained market. And I don't think any of us can really say when either of those issues are going to get resolved.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wong of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Just a question on Esterhazy capacity figure. What does that mean for your normal operating capacity? Does that mean if the mine just can produce a lot more than what it was doing previously? And what does that mean for the Canpotex allocation?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Andrew. Well, first of all, let me say the way that the nameplate capacity, if you will, is determined, is an independent audit with a short run to demonstrate that the unit operations are capable of the design. So that is complete. We are now working with Canpotex to figure out what that means from an allocation perspective. And we'll update you on that when that is complete. In terms of the actual operating rate, you have to remember that, that is the -- I'm going to call it a peak capacity. There would be a -- probably a further -- you're not going to run that every day and then you're going to have your yearly downtimes and stuff like that. So it's a theoretical number. We'll run Esterhazy probably reasonably hard, but I wouldn't expect it to run at those rates. I would down rate it from that. Although once we put the new hydrofloat process in place, it may well run over 7 million tonnes.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Just a quick clarifying question would be, one, Joc, did you say that Colonsay you anticipate just sort of running for -- until you make up for the -- what you're losing, having Esterhazy down, then you intend to probably turn it back off? Or is your intention to keep it running perpetually? And then my real question is whether you could talk about the MicroEssentials Pro product a little bit more and just help us understand how you're going to price it versus that incremental yield value you talked about? And then over what period of time do you think MicroEssentials 2 replaces MicroEssentials 1 and how we should be thinking about all that?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Vincent. Yes, let me start with Colonsay. For now, Colonsay needs to run to reestablish our inventory levels to where they would have been previous to the Esterhazy shutdown. As you're well aware, these operations shut down pretty much every summer in Canada. So we've managed our inventory such that we don't have a bunch of excess coming into the summer. And so now we'll run Colonsay first to fill that, then to make up the gap of what we had in extra we had in Q2 and what we're seeing for the summer fill in Q3. So I would say for the foreseeable future, we could see Colonsay running. But again, I'm not going to run an operation for the sake of running it. We're going to manage our inventories, managing our working capital carefully, and part of that means using the production capacity at Colonsay to manage that function. In terms of MicroEssentials Pro, and as I said earlier, this is a pretty exciting piece of progress. First of all, the very fact that it takes the patent level out to 2038 gives us a nice protection for a long time. But equally exciting is it appears that what we're seeing is real agronomic benefit. And we don't have a pricing strategy or an implementation strategy, a launch strategy quite finished out yet. But I will say our philosophy has always been that we would share the benefit from the new products basically equally between the grower, i.e., the farmer, the retailer who is selling it and ourselves. So our pricing strategy will be such that we can do that. And again, the economics should be fairly strong because the gain is fairly strong as it was for MicroEssentials.
Operator: Next question comes from Josh Spector of UBS. Please go ahead.
Joshua Spector: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking the questions. So I just wanted to ask it within potash, when you're talking about making up most of the disruption within the logistics in Canada to get material out. I assume that's going to have a higher shipment cost. So one, I'm wondering, can you quantify roughly how you're thinking about what that could be? And two, is that a cost that you would have to eat? Or is it something that you can get potentially buyers to kind of back in on? I assume it's going to impact your cost structure, but I want to clarify that.
James O'Rourke: Yes, Josh, thank you. We are using both New Brunswick and Thunder Bay and looking at even some Southern U.S. Gulf to move the product. And obviously, those come with higher prices. I can't give you the exact, as we would, those flow through Canpotex, which is a marketing organization that we use. And it doesn't -- what we talk about when we talk about our mine site return incorporates those extra logistics costs. So it's very much dependent on which country or which market these are going to, it depends on whether it flows through, like I say, New Brunswick. But yes, you can assume there will be some extra costs whether the buyer will absorb those costs or ours is really a supply and demand issue rather than a -- we don't price per se, we follow a global market, and we have to take what the global market gives us. So in a sense, we're a price taker. So if the market is tight and supply and demand drives price up, we'll absorb -- those will absorb the expenses. If the supply and demand is not, then probably it will come to the suppliers. But we think the market is tight. So we think that, that probably gets absorbed by the end user.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone. Yes. I was hoping to maybe dig in a little bit more on Brazil and Fertilizantes and maybe just try to calibrate on the production side. Certainly, you gave some -- a clear view on the distribution business. But as I think about profitability improvement in the second half on production, can you just help maybe dimensionalize the benefits that come from the lower inputs that you've been buying that can finally flow through the P&L size, maybe the conversion cost improvement or rock cost improvement that comes from operations running more efficiently? And is there anything to think about from a product mix perspective, if competition on TSP and SSP has maybe been more kind of intense than MAP that might be influencing your realized price and sales mix?
James O'Rourke: Yes, there's a lot to digest in that one. I might just throw it to Jenny and ask her to talk a little bit about raw materials pricing and some pricing strategies and what we see with competition, particularly on the different grades in Brazil.
Jenny Wang: Yes. So you're right that in Brazil, we sell our phosphate product. We do have the competitions on TSP and SSP and similarly to MAP. Over the last few weeks, we are seeing the price rebound across the whole portfolio of phosphate. So therefore, the price increases that which is much more visible for MAP, that is actually the same for TSP and SSP. So we are going to see a higher price for all range of the phosphate products that we're going to sell in Q3. On raw material prices, similarly to the raw material prices lagging in terms of the reflection in our margin, the lower-priced sulfur and lower-priced ammonia is going to take time to really be reflected in Q3. We will see a lower cost of sulfur and ammonia. But in comparison with the market benchmark, probably the speed of that comparison probably going to be a little bit lagging.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jenny.
Operator: The next question comes from Aron Ceccarelli of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Aron Ceccarelli: Hello, hi. Good morning. I have one on potash imports in Brazil. First half industry figures suggest that inputs in Brazil were down 10% year-over-year after being down in '22 around 10% again. So this would -- if this trend continues would put Brazil potash imports at around 10 million tonnes, which should be a reasonably low level. So maybe can you comment on the behavior now you see from farmers in Brazil and how you see demand picking up over there, please?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Aron. Yes, in fact, Brazil imports have been lower this year. And we -- and last year for that matter. If you look overall, there was a buildup of inventory in Brazil because actual application last year was -- particularly in the second half of the year was quite low as prices probably drove that. But potash imports have been lower. We've actually lowered our expectation for overall Brazil fertilizer use too, I think it's 42 million tonnes now, Jenny. Thank you. 42 million tonnes from what was probably peaked at about 46 million tonnes a couple of years ago. So you are down a good 10% on overall fertilization. The one thing I want to highlight what that means, though, is it doesn't -- I don't think that's indicative of a decreasing market per se because Brazil has had very good harvest and Brazil as a tropical depleted soil needs to fertilize every year. So Brazil double crops. In other words, it takes two crops a year off that land every year. So the carryout of fertilizer in the crops is high. And they have to add that fertilizer back every year. They have not been doing that for the last two years. That will not continue without having some sort of agronomic impact on yields. Jenny, do you want to just talk about that a little bit of the Brazil market and the balance?
Jenny Wang: Yes, I think you covered it well, Joc. I just want to say for potash, overall shipments last year reduced by 10%, you're right. And this year, we are actually saying the shipment -- total shipment in country, it's probably going to be flat, and we do see the potential upside in the rest of the year. So I just want to reiterate, if the potash or other nutrients are under applied in that kind of a market, you will see the yield impact and the Brazilian farmers, they know that very well, and that has been reflected in the very recent buying activities.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. As your potash prices have come down, your Canadian resource taxes have also come down? Is there a way to gauge what Canadian resource taxes are going to be over the next couple of quarters or into next year?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. I'm looking curiously at my partners here to see if anybody has a good answer to that. That's probably a little more detail than I have off the top of my head. I mean, yes, I'm not -- I don't have a forecast detailed enough to kind of give you an answer to that. We can get back to you probably. That's probably the easiest. But you're right, it definitely does come down as it's been quite significantly down from where the prices were earlier. So -- but I apologize, I can't give you much more than that. Clint, if you got any detail that you could add?
Clint Freeland: Yes. I would just say one of the factors in that -- one of the key factors in that is around price. And so I think it's going to track or follow kind of what your price expectations are. I think from a percentage or a margin standpoint, it should remain fairly similar, but again, I think it will follow your price expectations as you go forward.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Steve Byrne of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrne: Yes, thank you for letting me back in here. I was just curious about the difference between those two versions of MicroEssentials. And was that yield benefit demonstrated by some land grant universities that you can back it up with? And when do you think you might have Versions three and four. And so forth that might have some biologics in there for your collaboration with BioConsortia?
James O'Rourke: Well, Steve, I was going to say welcome back. We've missed you. Yes, there's -- so the big thing we're talking about really in the new generation of MicroEssentials is what we're calling a swellable granule, which means the granule is actually able to kind of control the release and increase the release of the key components. And so it's a coding and how we actually make the product. But the key issue there is it's making both the sulfur and the phosphates more bioavailable -- and the micronutrients more bioavailable to the plant at the plant root. So that's kind of the layman's, which is probably as good as I'm going to get for you. But the layman's terms for what this product is designed to do. Now the field trials we're doing, we're working, again, on our own. We normally do field trials with, think, groups like the University of Illinois at their Champaign campus and on our own and with our customers and in Brazil. So we do them over a number of places. Again, as a producer and we can't afford to introduce a product that isn't well proven and doesn't give good results to the grower. So we're pretty conservative on how we do that and how we introduce these new products. But it has been in the works for a few years. And now with the patent in place, we feel comfortable we can start introducing it. It is well trialed and we'll continue. I think there's another season of trials that will go next year, et cetera, et cetera. In terms of the biologics, yes, we've been working on trying to see what biologics might be. I think that's a little further off in the future. It is an exciting new area, again. But we really don't want to stick our neck too far until things are really proven. So watch this space, and I think there will be new stuff in the future.
Operator: The next question is also a follow-up from Edlain Rodriguez of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Yes, so just -- I mean, just a follow-up on the potash shipments question again. I mean you've made it clear that the market is supply limited. That's fine. But you want to say for the fact that Colonsay will remain operational for good. Like doesn't the market need that supply?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Edlain. Yes, for clarification, from an actual supply and demand perspective, I agree with you 100%. All of our production is likely to be required in the market, like I say, at least for the near term, we have to do two things. We have to be able to move it out, which right now has been a little bit restricted. If you think there was a 13-day strike in -- at the Vancouver port. So all of these stock workers were off and I think there's a new ratification vote on Friday, but they're right now in labor negotiations. But even as you come out of this, the time it takes to make the system fluid again, will probably be over a month. Our main carrier to the West Coast Canadian Pacific has said it will take at least a month to get that system fluid again. Remember, it's not just potash, it's not just fertilizers, it's -- there's coal, there's grain and everything else that moves through that port and then there's a big intermodal as well. So the pressure on the port and the rail system if it's shut down is pretty substantial and pretty substantial to overall the Canadian economy. But in terms of us, we need that. And if the market comes back and stay strong, no question in my mind. We would love to see Colonsay run for a long, long time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Joc O'Rourke for any closing remarks.
James O'Rourke: Well, thank you, everyone, for your attention. To conclude the call, I just want to reiterate our key messages. Mosaic delivered solid earnings in the second quarter, and we have a positive outlook for the remainder of this year. Agricultural markets are strong. Farmers around the world have strong incentive to maximize crop production. As a result, global fertilizer demand is also robust, and we expect that demand to remain strong. Mosaic today is well positioned to capitalize on the ongoing fertilizer market recovery. The transformation of our cost structure, along with the investments we've made over the past decade are delivering earnings power and cross-cycle resilience. So thank you for joining our call. Have a great and safe day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Your host for today's call is Paul Massoud, Vice President of Investor Relations and FP&A of the Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; followed by Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions.  We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Mosaic delivered revenues of $3.6 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $777 million and adjusted earnings of $1.14 per share. The fundamentals of the agriculture market remain quite attractive. Global stock-to-use ratios for grain and oilseeds are at 25-year lows. To put that in context, it would take 2 to 3 years of perfect weather and adequate fertilizer applications in every major growing region around the world just to get back to normal levels.  With weather patterns shifting to an El Niño environment, the likelihood of that happening is low and would be exacerbated by under fertilization. We are beginning to see the negative impacts on crop production. Yields in the European Union turned lower in 2022 because of poor weather and under fertilization and will remain under pressure this year if fertilizer applications remain down.  We're seeing a similar story in rice. The combination of El Niño and under fertilization could further threaten yields in key growing regions. With reduced supply of sunflower seed oil because of the ongoing war in Ukraine, the global market needs alternative edible oils and is looking to palm oil as an important substitute. Lack of fertilization, particularly potash, will impact Southeast Asian production. All of these factors are expected to support global crop prices for the foreseeable future.  Switching to fertilizer markets, farmer affordability for phosphates and potash globally is very good with prices that are much more sustainable than the levels we saw a year ago. This is bringing growers back into the market, though supply constraints are still a concern. In potash, Belarusian exports remain limited because of sanctions. We've seen volumes move by rail into China and, to a lesser extent, through excess Russian port capacity, but transportation costs are high, and total exports remain well below pre-sanctioned levels. This year, we expect total exports from Belarus to be roughly 7 million tonnes. In addition, we also continue to see indications of reduced Russian product as well.  It is clear that today's potash market is tight and supply chain is under pressure, but this extends beyond just Belarus and Russia. This vulnerability is highlighted by the recent failure of the walkway on a conveyor Canpotex 4 million tonne per year Portland terminal. Canpotex is still assessing the total damage, but expects to redirect much of the lost volume to other North American ports, albeit at some additional cost.  In Phosphates, China remains committed to a structural shift away from exports. While it's possible to see a modest increase in exports over the 2022 total of 6.4 million tonnes. Domestic fertilizer demand, rising industrial consumption and environmental restrictions will cap China shipments to other markets. These supply constraints remain even as demand in our key customer markets is seeing a recovery.  In North America, spring planting season is well underway, and farmers have returned to the market, though retailers have been slow to adjust their prices to global wholesale market prices. Despite that resistance, growers are still committing and taking tonnes. Retailers are replenishing their inventories. In April, Mosaic's volumes saw a significant rebound in the North American shipments for both potash and phosphate. Combined, Mosaic shipped over 1 million tonnes of potash and phosphates to North American customers in April alone.  This is the highest total we've seen in the last 5 years. In Brazil, the is supportive of demand, and we expect commitments for the third quarter to ramp up with prepays for fertilizer ahead of the softer season. We expect Brazil will see a 9% to 10% increase in fertilizer shipments in 2023 over last year.  In India, inventories for potash remain depleted as all purchases are going straight to the ground. After a year of reduced potash applications, a potash contract was signed in April at a price of $422 per tonne. In addition to providing necessary supply to Indian farmers, the contract helps stabilize global pricing. In Southeast Asia, with the shortfall in edible oils globally, the palm market is driving strong demand. Globally, we're seeing good farmer economics, which suggest strong demand for phosphates and potash in 2023.  Given this landscape, we believe our business is well positioned to benefit from today's market conditions. In Phosphates, after 2 years of production issues caused by multiple hurricanes, raw material shortages and other issues, the segment's performance has improved. Volumes during the quarter were higher than any quarter in 2022, and our stripping margins also benefited from lower raw materials costs. We expect both of these trends to continue in 2023.  In the second quarter, we anticipate total sales volumes of 1.8 million to 2 million tonnes with DAP FOB prices at the plant in the range of $550 to $600 per tonne. In Potash, volumes began to move over the last week of the first quarter, and that has continued into the second quarter, especially in North America. We expect demand to continue recovering throughout the year. Our operations at Esterhazy and Belle Plaine are performing well. Esterhazy is one of the most efficient mines in the world, and Belle Plaine should see benefit from lower natural gas costs in 2023.  At Esterhazy, the last of the 13 miners is expected to come online later this year. In total, Esterhazy's annual operational run rate should increase from 5.5 million tonnes last year to well over 6 million tonnes by the end of 2023. We're committed to producing enough potash to meet market demand. With the incremental output from Esterhazy, we believe we're producing what the market needs, which means we'll only restart Colonsay when it's needed. We don't think this will be before the second half of the year.  In the second quarter, we expect total sales volumes of 2 million to 2.2 million tonnes with MOP prices at the mine in the range of $325 to $375 per tonne. In Brazil, first quarter results reflected the impact of declining prices and inventory destocking. As we said in February, we expected our Q1 results to be impacted by destocking of high-priced inventory. And now that is largely behind us.  Looking ahead, we expect distribution margins to trend back towards the range of $30 to $40 a tonne. In the second quarter, 90% of those tonnes are already committed and priced. Finally, I want to reiterate that we are committed to our capital allocation strategy of maintaining a strong balance sheet, investing in our business and returning capital to shareholders. We've met our commitment of reducing long-term debt by $1 billion. As such, we expect to refinance the $900 million that matures later this year.  Our CapEx spending expectation this year remains unchanged at $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. We're focused on high returning modest spend projects like our distribution facility in expansion of MicroEssentials at Riverview and the exploration of purified phosphoric acid. Beyond that, all excess free cash flow will be returned to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.  During the quarter, we returned $608 million, which included $456 million of share repurchases and $152 million in special and regular dividends. Over the last 18 months, we've repurchased 15% of our float and still believe our shares represent very good value. Our regular dividend today is $0.80 per share, and our business positions us to consider further increases over time.  Before we move to the Q&A, let me summarize. The global ag market remains constructive. Grain and oilseed supplies are tight, and growers are incented by favorable economics to apply nutrients. We are already seeing the recovery in shipments in North America and expect the rest of the world to follow. Our production operations are performing well. Phosphate production has recovered, and potash is benefiting from the most efficient mines in the world with swing capacity available to meet demand growth.  Our balance sheet is strong and sustainable over the long term, and we remain committed to returning significant capital to shareholders while continuing to invest efficiently in the business. With that, I'd like to move on to the Q&A portion of the call.
Paul Massoud: Before we move on to live Q&A, as we've done in past quarters, we'd like to address some of the most common questions we received after we published our earnings materials last night.  Joc, the first question that we received was, how do we see ag markets evolving over the rest of 2023?
James O’Rourke: Thank you. While there has been recent volatility in the agricultural markets, the fundamentals remain strong. We're starting with a 25-year low stock-to-use ratio for grains and oilseeds. Now much has been made of Brazil's larger-than-expected crop, but offsetting that is problems in the Argentinian, Europe, Asia and others who are suffering from lower yields due to weather and under fertilizations.  Then as we look at going forward, this year's El Niño and under fertilization brings up a real risk to the 2023 ag markets. Now weather is always a known uncertainty. But as we've seen in recent past, extreme weather events that negatively impact ag production seem to have become more commonplace. Longer term, we do continue to see great potential for demand growth from biofuels, including an increased call on oilseeds to feed renewable diesel production as well as the enormous potential for sustainable aviation fuel.  We also believe that biofuel use will continue to rise in the medium term even as cars transition towards electrification. To sum up, there is a rational basis for ag commodity prices to have eased off in recent weeks. However, there is strong fundamentals for ag bullishness .
Paul Massoud: Joc, a follow-on to the ag markets question. How do we see what you just said impacting fertilizer markets over the rest of this year?
James O’Rourke: Well, thank you. I'd like to start by saying what we're seeing in North America demonstrates just how strong the market could be this year. If we look at North America in the months of March and April, those were both very strong months and up about 20% from where we were probably last year. So if I look forward there, I expect that will carry over to a stronger season in Brazil once the application gets started, and then it will continue for Asia and other regions. Now I'm going to turn it over to Jenny to give a little more detail on the supply and demand of the fertilizer markets.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. Let me start from phosphate. The export control out of China is going to continue as the country is going through phosphate industry shift from production on fertilizers to industrial products. The Chinese government is going to continue to ensure their farmers to have affordable and available fertilizers in country for their own production. The export restriction is going to continue to be in place. We believe this year, the export out of China will be somewhere between 7 million to 8 million tonnes.  With the tight supply of phosphate and the rebounding demand, we believe this is a very constructive margin environment for phosphate.  Turning over to potash. Export out of Belarus last year had significantly reduced from 12 million tonnes to 5 million tonnes. This year, despite multiple export corridors being utilized by Belarus, we still don't believe that they have opportunity to export over 8 million tonnes out of Belarus. And the production out of Russia is continuously under the risk. On the demand side, as Joc mentioned, we are seeing a very strong spring season in North America.  In the market when spring application have started, we're seeing a bigger volume and we have seen price appreciation in the market. And in the market in Northern plants, where the spring season are still ongoing, we have started to get inquiries from our customers for their summer fuel demand. This demand to summer fuel and applications are indicating a strong and robust demand for the full season in North America. We believe what is happening in North America is going to happen in a market like Brazil, where they are going to prepare for their incoming seasons, and we believe they will engage soon. With strong demand in Asia, we believe the buyers will reengage and the price and volumes will respond positively.
Paul Massoud: Thank you, Jenny. The next question is a follow-on to what we just talked about. Given this constructive outlook on the fertilizer markets, can you explain your thinking behind the guidance for pricing and volume, particularly for Potash?
James O’Rourke: Thank you. In Potash, we guided to a normal quarter in North America and a conservative view of the export market. Early quarter demand in North America is stronger than we would have expected and certainly stronger than normal. And history would say that the strong North American market will be followed in other markets such as Brazil and Asia. If this occurs, there is certainly upside to both potash volume and price. We have seen over and over again that once volumes move, price follows.
Paul Massoud: Joc, our next question is on Mosaic results. Could you provide more color on the quarter and how you see the performance of the segment evolving over the rest of the year?
James O’Rourke: Thank you. In the distribution business, the lead time to position products is quite long. As such, when the second half volumes were lower than we expected, we ended the year with high-priced inventory. Now we have sold most of this higher cost inventory down and expect the rest of the year to be much more normal. Transitioning between cycles can temporarily expand or contract margins, but true cycle margins remain unchanged.  For example, in quarter 4 of 2022 and quarter 1 of 2023, distribution margins were below historic levels, but they will return as market stability is achieved. Distribution margins in second quarter to the fourth quarter will be in the $30 to $40 range when averaged together.
Clint Freeland: Joc, one other thing that I would note that I think is important in this discussion is that we use average cost accounting for the cost of inventory in Brazil. And what that means is that as prices -- sales prices are moving either up or down, the average cost of inventory that we're recognizing in our results is moving a little slower than that market price. And as a result, during increasing price environment, you'll see expanding margins. During declining price environment, you'll see declining margins.  But that's why over the course of the year, we will see margins in the target range that we've talked about. But quarter-to-quarter, as market prices are moving, you can see a level of volatility in results.
Paul Massoud: Thank you, Joc, Clint and Jenny. Operator, let's move on to the live portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Christopher Parkinson from Mizuho.
Christopher Parkinson: Could you just give us a real quick update on how we should be thinking about your phosphate strip margins just across Florida rock cost, processing where sulfur is trending relative to last year as well as your ammonia mix? Just any insights on how that should affect phosphate margins throughout the balance of the year would be incredibly helpful?
James O’Rourke: Chris, if we look at how we're projecting, I guess, stripping margins for the rest of the year, you will have seen that the raw material prices have declined in the last while. And obviously, I think I've talked before, the sulfur, it takes 0.4 of a tonne of sulfur basically to make a tonne of DAP and about 0.2 of a tonne of ammonia. So those moves, which have been quite material, have allowed -- even though the price of phosphates has come down in time, the actual margins have stayed relatively constant throughout that period.  And we see those margins staying relatively constant through the rest of the year. If we look at our cost of our actual inputs, rock and conversion, our rock costs were driven a little higher this quarter basically because of a lower volume throughout the quarter, probably due to both -- well, more than anything due to the grade of the area we've been mining through.  And then if we look at conversion costs, those have been impacted by higher variable and fixed costs such as electricity and process chemicals. For the balance of 2023, we believe our maintenance and capital assets that we've invested in should really improve both volumes and costs as we move forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. .
Stephen Byrne: Your price for potash for the second quarter looks like it's roughly $75 a tonne more than historical levels and yet it sounds like Jenny's comments would suggest that potash is the one that is going to be more curtailed in supply in 2023 as opposed to your FOB DAP forecast is a couple of hundred dollars higher than historical prices.  So my question is, what is fundamentally different here between P and K that would lead potash pricing to be generally weaker? Is it a reflection of second-tier price coming out of Russia?
James O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Yes, let me go through a couple of points there. I think what I said earlier in the prepared questions or whatever the early questions still holds, which is when we were setting up the quarter and doing our preparation for this, you're talking a couple of weeks ago, we hadn't seen fully the impact of what we would see in April and May -- or sorry, March and April. We're seeing that come in better than we expected.  So from a volume perspective, we're pretty confident that, that guidance is at least very realistic and probably even we could see upside on that. In terms of pricing, it's all about combination of what's going to watch market. For instance, it's product mix, whether we're selling the standard-grade product to some of the foreign markets where the prices are, a, lower and the transport is higher. But then secondly, how much is coming from North America, which is a strong market and a good -- both good pricing and a relatively lower transport.  And then Brazil, which really hasn't started yet. So as we end the North American spring and move into the -- or wind down the North American spring and move into the quarter, our question is going to be, does Brazil come in to replace the higher cost -- or the higher priced North American product? Or do we get more of a balance on other exports?  In which case, it just makes it a little hard to come up with a real good forecast for those prices. But I think that the comment you make is more than valid. There is definite tightness in the potash market. We're seeing it probably strongest through North Africa. We're seeing it strong in Europe. And I think we're going to see the impacts of it in Asia. So our view is they have to step up soon and start buying and the price will follow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Actually, a good follow-up just on the price development and like long term versus short term. So if you think about all the comments you made around the structure challenges and obviously, the tightness, potash, you just reiterated, but still prices are not coming up that much. So maybe help us understand a little bit that in context prices being soft, but then at the same time, you do consider some of capacity increases towards the back half of the year. So just to understand a little bit the rationale behind the volume you plan to put in additionally, given where prices are?
James O’Rourke: Yes, sure. So if I'm going through potash, again, it's the same story. First, we're going to see North America. We didn't see a strong -- although we don't sell to it, we didn't see a strong European market. But very quickly, we're going to turn over to Brazil and Latin America, that market should start moving. The softer season starts basically at the start of the third quarter, if you will. So they have to be moving product towards the end of this quarter.  So June, let's say, it's things have to start moving to get product in place in time. Now we're coming into the year. And I think one thing that has to be understood is there was some pretty severe overshoot last year. Price went high, usage went way down. And I think we're seeing an overshoot downwards right now. And so it's not following fundamentals. But long term, it has to. So Brazil and the rest of Latin America will start moving.  China is a very similar season to North America. And while they are getting more product from Belarus and Russia across from rail, they're still going to have to buy potash. So all of that stuff starts moving. Asia has to move. They need their staples like rice to grow. Indonesia, Malaysia needs the palm oil. So all of those start moving. We think it's still a constrained market. And the short-term -- sentiment drives short-term, fundamentals drive the longer term. So we think right now, it's just sentiment driven.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Wong: Just a couple of questions on phosphate for me. What are your expectations for Phosphate segment production run rate? Can we get back to what -- historically, we've seen kind of 2 million, 2.2 million tonnes per quarter coming out of that segment. And then just a question on the Q2 pricing guidance. Yesterday, we kind of saw U.S. NOLA DAP prices drop down to kind of like the low 500s. How does that factor into the price guidance for Q2?
James O’Rourke: I'll let Jenny talk a little bit about summer fill and whatnot. But let me start by the run rate. I think, realistically, our run rate has probably been a lot closer to 8.5 million tonnes per year since we shut down the Plant City operation. So 2.2 is probably at the top end. I think a good quarter for us will now run probably 2 to 2.1, but we would expect an average probably in that range as we go forward if everything is running well.  We've had -- as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have had weather-related issues. Hurricane Ian shut us down for a fair bit, caused some real problems. So we think that, that number of, say, 8.5 is a better run rate than, let's say, 9 to 9.5 with all things sort of settled and looking at the possibilities. Let me talk -- get Jenny to talk a little bit. I think what you're talking about is summer fill pricing on phosphate. So let me get Jenny to talk about that.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Andrew, I believe the numbers that you talked about was DAP NOLA barge price. We noticed that as well. And as some of the trade publications reported, the lower prices may be driven by the incoming import vessels the traders play on the index setting. So that's what we learned, and that happened many times in the past. It does not necessarily represent the real market value.  As we go through this index setting, we will see the real value to be reflected for summer fill. Having said that, it is very normal for the market like North America, after spring season, we will see -- we might see a price reset. It happened usually in every year, but the price eventually is going to be supported by fundamentals as we discussed earlier.  Lastly, we want to remind ourselves, when we say phosphate market, it is a very constructive margin environment. As the raw material prices coming down, there are some pull through to the phosphate prices as well.
James O’Rourke: And just don't forget the ever -- never ending logistics issues. I'm not convinced that product coming in through NOLA certainly isn't going to get there in time for most of spring. So it is about summer fill, not about spring demand. And as you know, the flooding in the Upper Mississippi has meant that's actually been shut down for a while or was.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson: I did a bit of history, and I went back to some of the presentations you gave in November of 2020 when you're presenting kind of your look of all the segments going forward. So look at the Fertilizantes one. And the you talked about transformation 1.0, transformation 2.0, where you can maybe add $200 million to $300 million of earnings to Brazil to Fertilizantes by a different synergies, transformations, whatever.  Now -- and that was off the base you're achieving, you were achieving $30 to $40 a tonne margins in 2019, 2020 already, and that's the guidance you're giving now a steady state. So I guess my question is, what's happened to all those opportunities to where you're now guiding to a $35 tonne margin, the same margins you achieved in '19 and '20 before you launched all these initiatives?
James O’Rourke: Let me start -- thanks, Joel. Let me start by saying that is the distribution margin that we're referring to there. And it's important to kind of think about that in terms of the overall. If you think last year, I think, in distribution, we sold approximately -- was it 6 million tonnes of distribution tonnes? So 6.5 million tonnes of distribution tonnes at -- I think it was about $60 on average. So if you think about that, that's contributing $200 million of the $1 billion.  And I know I'm probably adding to the confusion of how hard it is to estimate what Brazil looks like. But the distribution business itself is a pretty small piece of the overall. We make about $100 million a year of co-product sales, and we make the majority from our actual production business, selling our MAP and feed, TSP and SSP.  So those are the ones that are really -- and right now, that market is moving pretty slowly. We're in an off season. And so what we're seeing is a more than usual impact on margin by that distribution business, if you will. So I don't think anything is inconsistent with what we said in 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Garchitorena from Wells Fargo.
Richard Garchitorena: Just wanted to touch on the guidance for pricing in the second quarter. The range reflecting a higher percent of lower-priced export sales. Any reason for that in terms of why more lower-cost sales if demand is picking up in April and you're seeing it as well in May?
James O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Richard. Do you want to take that, Jenny?
Jenny Wang: Yes. I think it's -- I just want to remind what Joc mentioned. The guidance for the second quarter for potash price, it is a mix of different markets between North America and export market. And in the export market, there are a mix of different grades for different destinations. So for example, the price to Brazil are -- can be very different than the price to go to India because of the freight differences and also the grade differences.  So as we forecast the second quarter, this is a combination of different price, different product grade and different market. Very strong North America price, we believe it is going to be carried over into our second quarter. The mix of the market will have impact in the guidance.
James O’Rourke: Yes. Let me reiterate. I think somebody may have been Steve Byrne mentioned that is this the aggressive behavior of the Russians and the Belarusians? And yes, in a very -- in the -- in a less robust market, which we've been in for the first part of the quarter, they have a bigger impact. So in the export market, right now, they're being quite aggressive. And they're having a bigger impact. But recognize they can't keep producing enough to impact the markets once they really start moving.
Operator: The next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez from Credit Suisse.
Edlain Rodriguez: I mean, Joc, a quick question on philosophy. In the past 12, 18 months, I mean, potash prices have peaked and have come down really hard. Like is there anything that Mosaic or Canpotex or the industry could have done to mitigate that volatility? I mean this is something that has happened before where potash prices get to those high levels only to come down really hard very quickly.  Like is there a better way to "manage the pricing?" I mean, yes, potash is a commodity, but it doesn't really have the same cost push aspect like nitrogen does with natural gas. I mean, potash is supposed to be different. Any insight you can provide in there like what's going on there?
James O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Edlain. And look, from our perspective, the huge price peak, the quick drop back down is certainly not how you'd like to see the markets perform. We were saying that last year, and I wouldn't change my view on that at all. If you think back to -- and you got to almost think back to the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, where you had -- for instance, President Bolsonaro of Brazil was in Canada asking for more product, you had him in Russia talking to Putin looking for more potash. You have this huge almost panic run on potash and phosphates as they're trying to make sure they had enough for the season.  And the price got to the point where it was literally, at least from a psychological perspective, unaffordable. So people talked about as a potash holiday. Well, now you're seeing virtually the opposite where you still in some markets and some of the retailers are trying to sell their high-priced product. They're resistant on dropping their prices to the market.  So now you see overshoot on the downside. And yes, unfortunately, it's kind of that system. It's a -- the highs were too high and now the lows are probably too low. It will balance out again just like it did in '09, but we have to get through the first phase of it. What could we have done differently? We were aware of the risk. And we've -- I think we talked about that risk in some of these meetings even.  So what can you do? Do you try and send more to those markets to make sure they're well supplied? We did that. But then, of course, when things slowed down, there's no way around it. So I'm not convinced that anything that the suppliers could have done would have changed the overall outcome. Now this year, again, we're trying to supply. And as people buy, that will start balancing out.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Joshua Spector from UBS.
Lucas Beaumont: This is Lucas Beaumont for Josh. I just have two quick ones. Firstly, so on your potash volume guide for the second quarter, you're talking it sounds like you think North America is going to be up year-on-year. So if that's the case, and I kind of split out like what Canpotex is doing then in the second quarter, what's applied it's implying that's kind of down 15% to 20% year-on-year. So I guess, is that right? Why would it be down that much taking less allocation there?  And secondly, just wanted to follow on from Joe's question on Fertilizantes. So maybe how do you kind of see the normalized mid-cycle EBITDA in Fertilizantes now? And could you split that between distribution EBITDA and production EBITDA for us, please?
James O’Rourke: Yes. Okay, Lucas. Yes, potash volume, I think I said earlier, we have taken a relatively conservative view of international sales. And so yes, our portion of exports is a bit lower. And when I say this, I mean, we're looking right now. And I think what I would say is if North America keeps performing as it does, we'll be at the higher end of our guidance. And if the international market comes back, we'll be at the higher end of the guidance.  All I can say at this stage is probably there's -- we try to keep a balance, but there's probably a little more upside potential than there is downside risk. At this point, it looks like. Although, again, supply chain and everything else can become a risk in this. You can only move so much product.  Now the second question, Brazil, yes -- and again, let me -- so let me kind of highlight Brazil, if you will. I think you can look at Brazil as being -- 50% of their earnings are going to be a production kind of economics. Now you have to take into account the fact that the producing right in the market. So I think that one is probably 50% of Brazil's earnings come from that. 30% come from the distribution business, and the rest comes from other things like co-products and whatnot. So that's kind of how we look at it, and that's how we've tried to portray that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: A couple of questions about potash. India signed a contract for 6 months instead of a year this time in potash. Why do you think they did that? Why signed a short-term contract? Normally, China quickly follow suit after India signs a contract and maybe gets a $20 a tonne better price. And as you said, the Indian signed at 4 22 a tonne down from 5 90. But the Chinese didn't sign a contract down $20 a tonne. What do you make of that? And do you have an expectation for when the Chinese might sign a potash contract?
James O’Rourke: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Look, let me start with India. It was not India that drove the 6-month contractor. It was the suppliers, including Canpotex, and I don't like to normally speak for Canpotex, but I can tell you that we don't think the fundamentals are such that the price is going to still be at 4 22 come 6 months from now or at least we thought there's pretty good upside potential. So that was the reason that was a 6-month, not a year.  In terms of China -- and recognize -- sorry, let me finish the India thing. The other thing with India though is it hasn't really taken off tonnage-wise because they haven't established the subsidy program. So while there is a contract price, the importers are still a little bit leery because there isn't a subsidy guarantee for them, which means the NPK plants are taking what they need, but they're taking it hand to mouth. So it's a bit problematic and it's more of a political and subsidy issue than it really is the -- on-the-ground demand.  In China, why didn't China follow? I think there's a couple of reasons. I think the first is they had the inventory that they needed for the short term, and there's -- they're looking for when do they really need product. And recognize that some things have changed in China. With 2 million tonnes coming from the rail across from Kazakhstan with -- from Belarus, and another 2 million plus coming over the euros from Uralkali and the Russians and then 6 million tonnes coming from Qinghai Lake and that production, your seaborne needs while still there are less than they were before.  So maybe we have to reassess what 2 million tonnes of inventory really means because I think it will last them a little longer because they're getting their basic needs. Now having said that, I think by about midyear, they still need seaborne tonnes. So I think there's still a place for them. But I will say, and we've been saying this for years, the relevance of the Chinese contract is becoming less and less overall because they're less and less reliant on seaborne tonnes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Joc, I'm just trying to synthesize all the comments today about the market and price expectations and so forth in potash with what are the sort of thresholds that you're anticipating crossing in the back half of the year that would get you to turn Colonsay on? Is it that you're looking for a certain increase in price from here? Or is it -- you're waiting for China to come back into the seaborne market? Or what is it that you guys are watching to determine whether you're going to make that decision or not?
James O’Rourke: Thanks, Vincent. If I'm thinking about Colonsay in particular, and I know there is one at least a cent question that said, why are we talking about restarting Colonsay at all? And really, it's almost been a timing issue that every month that goes by, Esterhazy increases its capacity a little bit to where I think now we're probably going to be well over 6 million tonnes of capacity at Esterhazy in the second half of the year. We're going to be 3 million tonnes of capacity at Belle Plaine.  And so overall, we've got 9 million tonnes of total capacity without Colonsay. So I think -- where it is company come in? I think if the export market really heats up and you start seeing good demand from China, good demand from India, good demand from Indonesia and Malaysia, Brazil start moving and Latin America, then you're going to start to see the potential for us to not only have the need the inventory will get run down that we have at the plants, and we may not be able to keep up with the 9.5.  Now if that only comes in lackluster, Colonsay probably doesn't run. So Colonsay is not really a price issue for Colonsay because I think the profitability of Colonsay would still be reasonably good at this level. But I don't want to be stuffing product into a market where there isn't a buyer or we just actually destroy the market we're in. And not unlike what happened when BPC broke up. And so I think there's a good case to be careful about how we bring that new -- that other production on.  It's sitting there. Maybe we have a little excess capacity that we're -- the cost of holding is high, but there's enough uncertainty right now that I don't want to risk not having it if that market comes back, that's strong.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Joc O'Rourke for any closing remarks.
James O’Rourke: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Let me conclude our call by reinforcing a couple of our key messages. The agricultural commodity prices are still elevated. This gives farmers strong incentive to maximize their yield and use fertilizers. So fertilizer demand is robust and volumes are starting to move quite strongly. Our operations are running well, and our strong earnings and cash flow are allowing us to return significant capital to shareholders.  2023 is off to a good start for Mosaic, and we have a positive outlook for the remainder of the year. So with that, thank you for joining our call. Have a great and safe day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to The Mosaic Company’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Paul Massoud, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis of The Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; followed by a fireside chat and then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our full year 2022 earnings call. Mosaic had a record year in 2022, delivering revenues of $19 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $6.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $11.01. In 2022, we reached several operational milestones that allowed us to benefit from strong prices. K3 reached its initial capacity of 5.5 million tons. In Brazil, we grew our distribution market share from 16% to 18%. In North America in phosphates, performance products represented 43% of total sales volumes and now we have begun to look at expanding our MicroEssentials capacity further, which we will discuss later. These efforts are driving strong free cash flow generation, which allowed us to return significant capital to shareholders in 2022, while also strengthening our balance sheet. Over the last 12 months, we have repurchased $1.7 billion worth of shares outstanding, if we include the fourth quarter of 2021, we have bought back more than 10% of the shares outstanding or roughly 40 million shares. In addition to share repurchases, we have also paid investors nearly $200 million in dividends. Our regular dividend now stands at $0.80 per share, up from $0.60 per share the prior year. And on the balance sheet, we met our long-term debt reduction target of $1 billion with the retirement of $550 million of long-term debt in November. Before diving into our business further, I’d like to briefly discuss broader agriculture and fertilizer markets. Ag market fundamentals remain very constructive, with December corn near $6 per bushel and November beans near $14 a bushel. This reflects ongoing global food security concerns at a time of disappointing production. Global stocks-to-use ratios are at 25-year lows and remain under pressure because of elevated risks that threaten output in 2023. The world continues to watch the war in Ukraine. We have consulted with top military and foreign policy leaders who share our concern that the conflict seems unlikely to be resolved in the near-term and will have long lasting impacts, particularly in the production of key crops like wheat and sunflowers, which is a source of significant amount of the world’s edible oils. Outside of Europe, we believe the USDA’s latest estimate for Argentinian production appears optimistic, as drought conditions during the growing season suggest yields will disappoint. In Brazil, weather has delayed the planting of safrinha corn, which could pressure the record crop that many are forecasting. Around the world, we still see fertilizer shortages in many key agricultural markets, despite some major markets being well supplied. However, the overall shortage still threatens total production and this will underpin global crop prices for some time. Now let’s focus on the fertilizer markets. The sharp spike in nutrient prices in the first half of last year resulted in growers aggressively mining their soils. As we enter 2023, phosphate and potash prices are now half of what they were at the peak. With crop prices still very strong, farmer affordability for nutrients has improved significantly and is now back to the levels seen in 2020 and 2021. This suggests a strong rebound in demand as growers seek to maximize yields with sufficient fertilization. The world is still short of potash. Certain markets are seeing more readily available supply, but this means other markets are not able to get what they need. Belarusian supply remains constrained because of the ongoing sanctions. We believe Belarus, Calais exports were down about 8 million tons in 2022, and we expect only modest recovery in 2023 with total exports of around 6 million tons to 7 million tons or half of their pre-sanctioned export volumes. The limited product Belarus has been able to get out of the country has been aggressively marketed over the seasonally slow winter and we have seen similar actions from some Russian producers. This is driving recent weakness in prices, but we believe the phenomena is temporary and will reverse as spring demand ramps up. In phosphates, China remains committed to the structural shift impacting where it sends its phosphoric acid. In addition to shutting down production for environmental reasons, a significant portion of phosphoric acid is now being directed to industrial uses, including the battery market. Roughly 1 million tons of finished fertilizer equivalent was diverted to the battery market in 2022 and we think that will continue to grow rapidly over the next few years as additional battery capacity is added. This suggests China’s exports of phosphate fertilizers will continue to be down significantly as restrictions extend into 2023. Inventory levels in our key markets for both phosphates and potash have declined considerably from the elevated levels observed in the second half of last year. Grower demand across the Americas has been very strong because of favorable affordability, but retailers have been hesitant to replenish inventories, because of the volatility in global prices, especially in potash with the aggressive off-season marketing from the Russians and the Belarusians. U.S. spring demand is ramping up over the next coming weeks and we believe we have reached a bottom in potash prices. In Brazil, sentiment has improved. Inventories have worked their way down to much more normalized levels for both potash and phosphates, as growers take advantage of much more attractive barter ratios. We estimate fertilizer shipments will total 46 million tons in 2023, up more than 10% from last year and roughly 35% of those expected shipments have already been contracted. In India, phosphate inventories remain very low even after a year of elevated imports as most of the product went straight to the ground. Government subsidies for the coming fertilizer year will determine whether India will be able to attract the nutrients it needs to meet its food security concerns. In Southeast Asia, potash has become much more affordable for palm oil producers as well, which should drive demand recovery. Globally, we are seeing very good farmer economics and depleted inventories that suggest strong demand for phosphates and potash in 2023. Given this landscape, we believe our business is well positioned to benefit from the market’s recovery. In phosphates, lingering issues from Hurricane Ian impacted our operations during the fourth quarter for longer than originally expected, but Florida operations returned to normal operating levels earlier this month. We now believe we have moved past the operational issues that impacted output and are dedicating resources to fixing key components in our production. At Bartow, we are upgrading our sulfuric acid production facilities following the recent production stops we saw after Hurricane Ian. And at Faustina, we have improved operations at our ammonia plant and saw a significant increase in the amount of ammonia produced from our plant during the fourth quarter. Florida production has returned to normal operating rates. During the first quarter, we expect total shipments of 1.7 million tons to 1.9 million tons with realized pricing of $625 per ton to $675 per ton. We expect stripping margins will remain relatively stable quarter-over-quarter as lower raw material prices offset lower finished product prices. In our potash business, slower demand led us to temporarily stop production at our Colonsay mine, but we think the current market situation is temporary and expect to restart operations at Colonsay within the first half of 2023. At Esterhazy, the 12th miner is being commissioned and the 13th miner is expected to be in service before the end of the year. When that’s done, it will add at least 1 million tons of additional annual capacity at one of the most efficient mines in the world. In the first quarter, we expect sales of 1.8 million tons to 2 million tons with realized MOP prices at the mine of $425 per ton to $475 per ton. Mosaic Fertilizantes had its best year since we purchased the business in 2018, with adjusted EBITDA of $1 billion in 2022, despite volatility in the second half of the year. Fourth quarter results reflect the sharp reversal of commodity prices from the highs of the first half of the year, which negatively impacted both the production and the distribution margins. But for the full year, our distribution margins averaged $36 per ton, which is right in the range of $30 per ton to $40 per ton that we would expect. First quarter distribution margins will be similar to fourth quarter as higher inventory is worked through. But for the full year, we do expect distribution margins to be back within our normal range. As we think about the evolution of our business, we continue to execute our high returning investments while returning capital to shareholders. In phosphates, we have begun expansion of our MicroEssentials offering by adding capacity at our Riverview facility. The project is expected to be completed by the end of the year. Upon completion, about 50% of our North American phosphate business will be sales of value-added performance products. This is not an expensive project. Total budget is less than $40 million with a payback period of less than two years. We are also building a test plan for purified phosphoric acid production in North America to verify final design plans for commercial operation. This is the next step in our shift away from commodity fertilizers and opens up new markets like food production and batteries. We are also exploring using the plant’s byproducts to produce NPKs. In Brazil, we continue to grow our distribution business. While our footprint is already large, there are still areas where we see opportunities to expand. We have begun construction of a 1 million ton blending and distribution facility at Palmeirante in the fast growing North with access to very attractive rail infrastructure. Returns of about 20% on an expected $80 million budget, make this another example of highly attractive modest investments. We are also monetizing past investments. In January, we sold our Streamsong Resort for $160 million, because we could realize appealing value for a noncore asset. Our joint venture in Saudi Arabia is also performing well. In 2022, Mosaic’s equity earnings from the joint venture totaled $195 million, which is about a quarter of our initial investment. This year, they plan to reduce debt by $800 million. They have also distributed $100 million in dividends to investors. Our proportional share of $25 million was received this month. Finally, I want to reiterate that we remain committed to our approach to balance sheet management and shareholder capital returns. In November, we retired $550 million in long-term debt and this allowed us to meet our commitment of reducing long-term debt by $1 billion. As we look at our balance sheet today, we believe we are well positioned for the long-term. Similar to last year, we plan to return substantially all of our free cash flow to shareholders in 2023 through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. Since September of 2021, we bought back $2.2 billion in shares and we continue to see great value in our shares. To emphasize that point, we plan to proceed with a $300 million accelerated share repurchase program in the first quarter. We have also grown our regular dividend to $0.80 per share and we are well positioned to consider further growth, especially with our reduced share count. In addition to the regular common dividend, our Board of Directors has approved a special dividend of $0.25 per share to be paid out on March 30th to shareholders of record on March 15th. Given our strong cash flow, combined with the proceeds of asset sales, our Board approved this payout as a supplement to our ongoing share repurchases. Before we go on to Q&A, allow me to summarize. Mosaic delivered record results in 2022 and we expect favorable dynamics to continue in 2023. The world is short global grains and oilseeds. So farmers are incented to maximize yields. We expect this to drive strong fertilizer demand and our business is well positioned to meet that demand through our existing assets and exciting new growth opportunities. With the strong cash flows that these provide, we are returning significant capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. With that, I’d like to now move on to the Q&A portion of the call.
A - Paul Massoud: Thanks, Joc. Before we move on to the live portion of this call, as we have done in past quarters, we would like to address some of the most common questions we received after we published our earnings materials last night. Joc, could you provide a little more color on the potash market and why we expect Colonsay will need to be restarted in the first half of 2023?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Paul. Let me start by saying, we have had a year of low potash usage, which means soil levels are depleted and farmers will need to add potash to the soil to ensure reasonable yields this year. So growers are seeing very attractive economics and they are acting on it. We are seeing things like our largest channel customer in North America has already got 60% of their farmer’s demand is committed for spring, which is higher than most normal years. So as we move into spring, our expectation is farmer demand is going to be good, but everybody is waiting for the last moment. They don’t want to live with the price risk. So why we expect a very good season in North America and we are already seeing a good season in Brazil, we do expect people to wait as long as they feel they can, but once it moves, we expect it to move fairly well. Overall, we do see the potash market as being limited by production. So while demand will be normal, we expect Russia will be exporting less than what they have in the past, probably, 1.5 million to plus 1 million tons and Belarus will probably export 6 million tons to 7 million tons, which is half of what they did pre-sanction. So we think this situation today the standoff is temporary and it will start moving, and when it starts moving, we expect we will have to run hard to supply the market. Jenny, do you want to just give us a little bit of a highlight of where the overall S&D is for potash right now?
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. As you mentioned, the potash market last year declined by 16%. That was driven by the supply constraint, and this year, with a very constructive farm economics. In the markets like North America and South America, we believe farmers have all the incentive to go back to apply potash on the field to maximize their yield. For the markets like China and India, the government they are concerned to the full security. Therefore, there are a lot of local policies to support the farmers to maximize their production. For that, we actually have seen potash demand increased last year in China. We believe this trend is going to continue. So, overall, in 2023, we expect the demand to rebound globally, but there’s no way to have the full recovery back to 2021, just because of the supply is constrained. We are seeing 5 million tons to 6 million tons of supply shortage in this market.
Paul Massoud: Joc, Mosaic Fertilizantes gross margin dropped significantly in the fourth quarter. What drove that margin compression and how should investors think about margins for the business in 2023?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Paul. Now if we look at the second half of 2022, it reflects a reversal in prices from the first half of the year. This impacted both our distribution and our production business. In our production business, we are now working our way through high cost raw materials such as sulfur and ammonia. As those move through the system, we expect our margins to get more normalized after the first quarter. In distribution, high cost inventory is now working its way through the system. Now, none of this should have come as much of a surprise because prices were moving up in the first half and coming back down in the second half of the year. So, in the first half of the year, we made higher distribution margins, and in the second half of the year, those reversed as we were selling higher-priced inventory into the market. If we look at it over a whole year, both our production business and our distribution business did very well, and overall, 2022 was a very successful year and a record year for the Fertilizantes business. Once we get past the first quarter, distribution margins should be in line with our historical expectations of $30 per ton to $40 per ton, and our production margins will revert to normal stripping margins well once we work through the high cost raw materials.
Paul Massoud: Joc, how should investors think about our production volumes over the next year and what types of capital projects is Mosaic initiating to support reliability?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. First of all, let me say, the last couple of years, there have been some extraordinary circumstances that have impacted our production, particularly in our phosphate business and our Brazil businesses. First, sulfur shortages coming out of the Gulf of Mexico has hurt us at the start of last year, refinery shutdowns, COVID, transportation limitations at the start of last year, and then, of course, a couple of big hurricanes, one that hit Louisiana and the other one last year, which hit directly onto our operations here in Florida. Now, what we saw from those was damage that, probably, lingered longer than we would have liked, because of the condition of some of our plants. So what are we doing to improve that? We are looking at how do we fortify our plants to make them more resilient to this type of occurrence. And some of that means we have replaced a bunch of our converters in sulfuric acid, our boilers or economizers, et cetera. In Brazil, we are building a new sulfur tank, new phosphoric acid tanks are being overhauled. So we are doing a lot of work to really fortify and reinforce the resilience of these plants. So where do we expect these to go? What we have seen already is, for instance, where we have done the repair work at Faustina, in Louisiana, more than 40% of our ammonia last quarter was supplied from Faustina, which is the highest it’s been in over a couple of years. So we think we are getting ahead of all of that. Now if I look forward, what do I expect? I expect that we will be running in that 85% to 90% of our 10-K value. So that would probably indicate somewhere in the range of 7.5 million tons to 8 million tons in phosphates and 3.5 million tons in our Brazilian business.
Paul Massoud: This concludes the prerecorded portion of our call. Let’s now move on to the live Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yeah. Thank you. Just kind of following up on that statistic that you provided, Jenny, where global consumption of potash down 16% in 2022 and your estimates for Russia and Belarus sound like down another 10% or down 10% from 2021 in this year. My question for you is, does the world really not need 70 million tons of potash or could there be an impact on global crop production this year as a result of this and/or do you think there could be maybe a bit of a panic to meet farmer demand this spring given the just in time purchasing mentality?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Steve. This is Joc. I will start here and hand it over to Jenny as you requested. But let me say the world does need 70-plus million tons of potash. We believe there is a real need and what’s -- we expect to see happen and what we have seen happen is continents like Africa actually going without product that they really need. So we are actually shorting some regions, Africa and parts of Asia, because they can’t afford it and even some of Central America. So the reality is, if there was more potash, it would certainly find a home, and obviously, the price sensitivity would be different as it is today. We expect the major markets that can afford will bid up the potash price and that will be what drives that. So I am going to hand it over to Jenny to just talk a little bit about that balance.
Jenny Wang: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Joc. Steve, to your question, what is the impact with a significant demand of shipment reduction last year, we believe that was over 11 million tons versus the previous year. We believe the impact to the yield in some of the markets might be reflected on the yield for that year and in some markets like North America and Brazil, where the farmers probably have invested in the potash application. In the previous year, they probably they were able to afford for reducing rate for a year, but in two years in a row to cut application rate, it is not really a good decision for the farmers to maximize their yield and production. Therefore, we believe the demand recovery of the demand for potash in this market are there. It’s just the farmers have the incentive to maximize their production. There are certain markets, as I mentioned in the prerecorded answer, government are really supporting the farmers to use potash in order to secure their food security and we believe that government support are going to continue as we are getting into 2023. Lastly on the spring demand, what we heard from our customers and also the growers on the ground, Steve, in North America, in particular, there’s a very clear desire based on the affordability and the farm economics that farmers to go back to apply potash, especially for those who skipped a season last year or cut the rate last year. We are at the stage that, the farmers need to engage with their retailers and then the retailers to cover the last part of the buying from us and we see that is happening. In fact, this week, we are seeing increasing inquiries in the south part of the U.S. as the season started. So we feel confident that demand is going to recover for potash we still believe with a significant constraint on supply and the price will stay at a healthy level, although, it is much more moderated from last year.
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Okay. And just let me add this, Steve, as well, because you asked the question of Colonsay. One of the reasons we believe Colonsay will likely be needed in the first half of the year as that demand comes back, we think there’s a good case for the restart of Colonsay. So it is in hot standby. The labor is there. Everybody is ready. Now if we don’t need it, it won’t come up. But if we do need it, it will come and we expect might be the -- that is the likely case as we see it.
Operator: The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Joc, I think, you mentioned that, 1 million ton equivalent of fertilizer is going into the battery market. Is that DAP equivalent that you are talking about? Is that [Technical Difficulty] as the LFP battery grows in China and maybe in the future other parts of the world. What are your expectations there and do you have any product that goes into that market?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, P.J. Just checking my numbers to make sure I have this right. But, so, yes, your equivalency is correct. We are seeing or we saw last year about 0.5 million tons of purified phosphoric acid be redirected from fertilizers to batteries. Now that is equivalent to about 1 million ton of DAP. And what we are seeing in that market, it was last year at least a growth of virtually doubling over one year. So we have gone from 500,000 equivalents to 1 million equivalents and even if that goes to1.5 million equivalent to 2 million equivalent, we are going to see a heck of a lot of displaced phosphates out -- not getting out of China. So that’s the reason we feel fairly confident that our expectation for exports is reasonable. In terms of our own, we are not supplying any of that market at this stage. We are in the process of doing a pilot study now. We have done the -- this tabletop work and we are now doing a pilot plant to get the design criteria and the costing for our own purified phosphoric acid and I would expect to be saying more about that in the next six months or so and we will be talking about making an economic decision after that.
Operator: The next question comes from Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you so much. You have a helpful outline on slide 10, just given the sensitivities to DAP, MOP, so on and so forth. Can you speak to the potential year-on-year benefits from all three of your sources of ammonia, as well as the average sulfur price. The way you see that trending in the first half. Just any color on that as it pertains to DAP your margins? Thank you so much.
Joc O’Rourke: Sorry. Thanks, Chris. I think what you are asking is, if I have got this right is, how is the stripping margin sensitivity to input prices, if you will. And what we expect for the year is, I think, what we are seeing is we are seeing an increase in refinery activity, which is leading to a better supply of sulfur and probably making the sulfur market a little looser. But if DAP demand goes up a lot, that could tighten again, but again, that sort of sets itself out with price. And then on ammonia, what we are seeing is a big decline in the price of natural gas in Europe and that price of natural gas, of course, is driving down the price of natural gas here in the U.S. and also driving down the price of our nitrogen inputs. So our expectation is that that will continue and then flatten, so we will continue to decrease for a while and then it’s probably getting close to flattening now where you have got I think urea prices are down in that $300 range and it can’t really go that much lower than that or you will start seeing production slow down again. So we expect that to happen and we expect that -- over the year, stripping margins are actually going to be quite flat for us. In other words, the any drop in price will be met, because of a drop in raw materials and vice versa.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Maybe, Joc, just to clarify that last point on phosphate stripping margins. So is the implication then that, if you are able to ship, I think, you heard 7.5 million tons to 8 million tons of product in 2023 or that would be the current kind of plan as you would sit here today with flat stripping margins that the EBIT -- you think your EBITDA is growing in phosphate? And then the second question I had was just in Fertilizantes again, a bit more of a clarification on in -- the drivers in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. How just the weakness in margins between the distribution and the upstream phosphate production, just similar -- both businesses will look similar from a margin perspective in the first quarter before normalizing thereafter, I just want to make sure I heard that right?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Okay. So I will answer the first one here, which was, sorry, I just got to read. Oh! Yeah. Our volume. Yeah. Our volume, I think, is -- that’s not an unreasonable expectation for volume. The question was in respect to what our production capabilities were. So I will qualify that and say that our -- we always are driven by what is the on the ground demand for our product and not necessarily what our production capabilities are. So there could be a gap between what our production capabilities are in our sales, but that will depend. Likely, this year, we expect for both potash and phosphate demand will be good. So we expect to sell most of what we make. So that’s not an unreasonable assumption. In terms of the pricing, yeah, our expectation is that, as the season gets moving, both phosphates and potash prices should move up at least somewhat, and I think in the case of potash, it could move up a lot, but certainly in phosphates. But we expect that phosphates will kind of balance off with a relatively flat stripping margin, if you will. So that’s our basic prediction of where that would go. In terms of Brazil, I would say that, both the production business and the distribution business have been equally impacted. One, by rising raw material costs and the other by just the timing of sales versus purchases of third-party material. So, with that in mind, you can think of it as returning back to more normalized level after quarter one.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Garchitorena with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Garchitorena: Thanks. Just wanted to touch on the plans to restart Colonsay. I guess when you look at the outlook and where we were a year ago when you were planning to expand further, when you start up, I guess, how long will it take you to get back to that, I guess, 1.3 million run rate initially when it was shut. And then how are you thinking about moving forward in terms of expanding that capacity, is it probably going to be more of 2024 event, assuming we have demand recover or is that on hold intentionally for the market recovers?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Richard. Look, the way I’d look at Colonsay is, so when we expected the volumes would continue at the rate they were, and let’s call it, the middle of the year to the first half of the year. That slowed down significantly in the third quarter and fourth quarter, which was less than what we would expect. So reasonably we shutdown Colonsay. Now like I said earlier, we shut it down. We still have the employees. We still have everything ready to go. So it doesn’t take much to restart. But what’s happened in the meantime that has to be considered is, we have added since that time and because of the slowdown, we have been able to add two new miners at Esterhazy. So very soon, Esterhazy will have an incremental capacity of 1 million tons. So if you add the 1.3-ish million ton run rate of Colonsay plus 1 million tons of Esterhazy, it doesn’t seem to me that we are going to need the second mill at Colonsay. So I would say that, generally, that would be on hold. And a matter of fact, I think, the longer the demand weights, the later that colons they would need could be down, because of Esterhazy taking up the slack.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Joc, could you just talk about how you sort of view the shape of the year volumetrically in terms of seasonality and whether as we get after the U.S. spring season, which presumably is going to be quite strong. Do you anticipate the supply chain sort of entering a restocking phase or do you think they are going to want to have empty bins and there’s going to have to be summer fill and all that. And I am just curious because it seems like everybody is running hand to mouth right now. I just can’t tell whether you are sort of assuming that this is the end of hand to mouth as we get into spring and then we go back to maybe sort of the supply chain having normal levels of inventory through the year, so what are your thoughts there?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Vincent. Look, I think that, right now with the volatility in front of people, people are very concerned with waiting very long, if you will. So everything is always just in time. But, of course, the dealers and our customers have to balance that with the need to make sure they get the product they need in time for season. So that’s always the balance. My expectation and what we -- Jenny and I were at the Fertilizer Institute meeting a week or two ago, and almost to every customer, we are still hearing we would like to have our position -- product in position for the start of the season. We are not going to refill until we need it and then we want to end the season empty. So that’s our expectation, that’s what they will do. But that also means that the summer fill program should be strong here in North America. In Brazil, I think the -- because of the long lead time for everything, it will be a little different than that and I think the Brazil market will be more stable throughout the year and we will see the normal pattern of third quarter being our strongest quarter and like we have said here, even the Safrinha season we are starting to see some pretty strong demand signals at least. So we think that will continue. We think third quarter will be pretty normal with the U.S. fill. And then the one you have got to consider is, at some point, we need to see and we expect to see Central America, China, India, Asia, the potash going to the Indonesia and Malaysia, we expect all that has to ramp up because they have got a year where they just haven’t used the products they need. So even if they are not refilling, they are going to have to buy.
Operator: The next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning, guys. So a quick question on farmers affordability. It has improved quite a bit as fertilizer prices declined over the past several months. So that’s good for the farmers. But what’s good for you is for fertilizer prices to start moving higher. But if they do, doesn’t that bring back your affordability issue again. So my question is like how do you try to balance that delicate line?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Edlain, this is a big challenge for us in that we sit in a global commodity market and while we try to make sure that the spikes and the troughs are reasonable and that farmer economics stay good, what you see and what we saw last year in the start of the year was panic buying, if you will. So everybody was buying. They were very worried about getting their product. And then the farmer said, well, that’s awfully expensive, and recognize last year, the farmer economics weren’t bad. So the psychological piece took a toll. My fear this year is actually somewhat what you said, which is people wait to [Technical Difficulty] rush to get your product, and suddenly, there’s another price spike that does hurt product -- hurt farmer affordability to the point where they are resistant to buying fertilizer again. But I will say, one year, you get away with the second year we are going to start to see yield drops, and if you start to see yield drops, you are going to see just for the underlying agricultural commodities. So I think it’s really self-correcting this year, which is if they don’t use the product yield [Technical Difficulty] commodities will go up, which is going to drive the demand. So I think you can’t control it. Hopefully, people buy early enough and we get through in a fairly rational way and farmer affordability stays reasonable.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow up on an earlier point around, I mean, similar to the prior question in terms of potash affordability. But maybe specifically with the markets that you said were more price sensitive when you are talking about Africa, Asia, et cetera. Are we at a point where that’s not an issue today and you are going to see or expect buying to return and is there a range if prices move up $50 a ton to $100 a ton, that’s still going to be a point where it’s attractive for that region to buy or are we still at the point where that’s still questionable?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. I think, where -- as we look around the world, it really depends on where you are looking. Look, if you are buying fertilizers for -- and the vast majority of fertilizer is used for big crops and export crops. So if you are selling your crop into an international market where you can get the international price, then you are fine and the demand will be there. So if you think about North America, most of South America, Europe, et cetera. Yeah, that’s all fine. If you think about Africa, the problem in Africa and the reason, I would say, no, it’s not the case, they still can’t afford it in Africa is because they are buying for selling into an international market, they are buying for subsistence farming to feed themselves. So whether crop prices are high or not is almost irrelevant, because it’s how much they have to put into the crop [Technical Difficulty] and that’s where the supply gap ends up being most acute. And we have heard it from, for instance, the U.S. State Department, which says that parts of Africa are now moving from hunger into acute, what you call it, from hunger to starvation basically. So in Asia, yes, they will be able to afford it I think, but if you get to the poorest parts of the world, no. Now does that affect the overall market? Not really, because those are not big users in the first place, but that’s probably the most tragic part of this whole thing.
Operator: The next question is from Jacob Bout with CIBC. Please go ahead.
Jacob Bout: Good morning. I wanted to go back to that discussion on Colonsay and Esterhazy. If I am mistaken, Esterhazy is your lowest cost potash mine by far. Just why wouldn’t the next incremental ton be coming from Esterhazy. Is there anything that we should be thinking about from a mill or hoist perspective or bringing on incremental capacity?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Jacob, and good to have you back on the call. Yeah. Your comments are exactly correct. Esterhazy is by far our cheapest or at least expensive to operate mine. And you can think about this as, each new miner that comes in, it gives us approximately 400,000-ish tons of new capacity and there is no limit. As we see it, we expect no limit on the hoist and we will be plant limited at about the 1 million tons of incremental capacity that we have talked about bringing on. So we will be plant limited by, let’s call it, the middle to the end of this year, and at that stage, yeah, Esterhazy, we will maximize tons from Esterhazy first and only use and then Belle Plaine and then use Colonsay as required.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to go back to LFP. We have seen a couple of LFP projects announced recently in the U.S. I am kind of curious what’s Mosaic view on the domestic LFP opportunity and maybe this is a little bit early given you are doing some pilot testing here, but I appreciate any initial thoughts, like, if you were to produce a purified phos acid for batteries, like, what would be required for that to happen and will they do that with the current rock that they have or do you need a different type of rock or what kind of upgrades would you need to do to your processing plants today and what kind of costs would that involve? Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: So, thanks, Andrew. Let me say, we have been in the testing phase and I can tell you fairly definitively, that we are capable of making the grades of purified phosphoric acid required for batteries. And as you said, there is a number of LFP lithium iron phosphate plants being talked about in the U.S. here. And we are in discussion with some of those, and obviously, there’s nondisclosures for each of those sets of discussions. So I won’t talk about specifics. But I can tell you, there is a huge desire amongst those battery manufacturers to have one, a shorter supply chain, i.e., a more stable supply chain out of the U.S., and secondly, a lot of these subsidies and stuff require that the U.S. content to be there. So there’s a number of reasons why the market at least is very interested in that. And what we are doing now in conjunction with doing the pilot work on this, which is going to give us the design criteria, tell us help us define what the costs of both capital and operating will be. But at the same time, we are doing market studies to understand what the final size of this market could be here in North America in particular. But remember, as we think about purified phosphoric acid, there’s also the other industrial uses and food and everything else. So this could be quite a useful branch for us to de-commoditize to some extent.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. With fertilizer prices coming in, should working capital be roughly a source of $700 million in cash in 2023. And secondly, with all of the different ammonia facilities that are being proposed for the Gulf Coast, does it make sense in the future to buy more cost plus ammonia or are you happy with what you have got?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff. Let me hit the -- these two in terms of -- I missed your first question. Sorry, I got...
Jenny Wang: Working capital.
Joc O’Rourke: Oh! Working capital. Yeah. You -- depending on your assumptions, clearly, we are going to work our way through some product that is pretty high priced right now. And depending on what you assume for the final pricing, there’s definitely going to be some cash coming into the system from working capital. So in other words, our working capital needs should go down with price obviously. If I look at this year, I think, our working capital has been almost all due to the price of third-party product. So the volumes of our inventory hasn’t changed, but the value of that inventory has changed significantly and that’s not for produced product, that’s for third-party purchase product. In terms of the ammonia, I think, you have -- I hit that exactly on the head in terms of where we are going with our CF contract, which is we have said that, this was an eight-year contract with CF. CF has given us notice they want to renegotiate it. But if they had not done that, we probably would have as well. Now I think it’s worth hedging part of our needs for ammonia with a cost plus type contract, but maybe it won’t be as high a volume as we have done in the past or it might be a different formula. But I think there’s ways that is in both ours and CF’s interest to relook at that contract and look at how we price our ammonia going forward. So and there’s others like OCI and whatnot that have, obviously, come into that market. So we see ourselves in a pretty good bargaining position for what we do going forward.
Operator: The last question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Hi, Joc. Good morning. We will see you next week. I wanted to ask a bit more about Brazil to understand some of your color around margins, obviously, a big margin reduction in Q4. I think you said, you expect margins in Fertilizante to improve by the end of the year. Can you give a bit more color, should we expect similar margins in Q1 and improving across the year and when you say back to you, I think, historical or average margin. But I don’t really know what that is anymore because, obviously, you bought the Belle asset, the mix changed, margins went up with the higher commodity prices, you did a lot of work to improve the assets you have there some optimization and synergies. What is historical margins in Fertilizante?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Joel. So, let me say, historically, we were talking specifically about the distribution margins, and if we look at the distribution margins over time, they have really ended up somewhere in that $30 per ton to $40 per ton. Now the production business, obviously, much more price of phosphate and potash dependent. But if I look at the distribution business, that’s not a bad place to start. In terms of how we expect this to play out, we are now buying product at today’s price, but that product won’t be sold until the end of quarter one and into quarter two. So the product we are working our way through is the higher-priced product from quarter four that we were purchasing at that stage, because there’s that big lag in Brazil of, let’s call it, three months. So we do expect margins, particularly distribution margins to be similar to what they were in quarter four, but I may have been misunderstood when I said they were going to build over the year, over the average of the year, we still expect them to be in that same range of $30 to $40. So that means they have to rebound fairly quickly and we fully expect they will.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Joc O’Rourke for any closing remarks.
Joc O’Rourke: So, thank you everyone for all your questions and your interest in us. To conclude our call, I’d just like to reiterate our key messages. Mosaic delivered record results in 2022 and we expect strong business conditions throughout 2023, farmers around the globe have strong incentives to maximize their yield and fertilizer is in short supply in many parts of the world. So we expect strong demand and Mosaic is well positioned to deliver this for our customers. We are also delivering for our shareholders by returning essentially all of our free cash flow through dividends and share repurchases. So, with that, thank you for joining our call and please have a safe and happy day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Mr. Paul Massoud, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis of The Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2022 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat, then open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release published yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2022 earnings call. Mosaic delivered record third quarter revenues of $5.3 billion, which resulted in net income of $842 million or earnings per share of $2.42. Adjusted earnings per share was $3.22, and adjusted EBITDA was $1.7 billion. These results are driving significant cash flow generation, which is allowing us to return significant capital to shareholders while also continuing to invest in the business and strengthen the balance sheet. During the quarter, we returned roughly $670 million to shareholders, including $600 million of share buybacks. Now, before diving into our operations, I’d like to address current market dynamics. Food security remains a concern around the world. Global grain and oilseed stock-to-use ratios remain at 20-year lows, and early data continues to suggest there may be further downside to total production, once the fall harvest is complete. It is important to remember that the market was tight when the year began, well before the start of the war, and issues over the last several months have further exacerbated the situation. Ukraine’s production shortfall is significant, but weather issues like high temperatures and drought conditions in other major growing regions are having an even bigger impact on an already tight market. In the U.S., weather delayed spring planting, and the compressed planting window reduced nutrient applications. The growing season was further impacted by high temperatures and drought in some areas. Weather tends to be a significant factor in yield, but under-fertilization doesn’t help, and you can only mine the soil for so long. Both are contributing to an expectation of weaker-than-normal North American harvest. And this was reflected in the most recent USDA yield forecast. In Brazil, fertilizer shipments appear poised to have dropped around 10% year-over-year. And La Niña remains a threat despite the market counting on record-breaking corn and soybean production. Beyond grains and oilseeds, we’re seeing food security issues play out in other crops as well. Staples like rice are also seeing significant production shortages, driving some countries like India to restrict exports. Because of this, we see a tight market for global grains and oilseeds continuing into 2023 and beyond. The global fertilizer market remains tight with supply constraints in both potash and phosphate still unresolved. Global potash supply remains impacted by the significant reduction in Belarusian exports, which we think will be down 8 million tons in 2022. Of the 4 million tons they will export this year, we estimate about 2 million tons were shipped in the first quarter before the sanctions and Lithuania’s decision to prevent Belarus from using its ports. Belarus exports are down significantly from the first quarter, and we do not expect much recovery through the rest of the year or for most of 2023. This means the market will continue to be short of potash in 2023. The phosphate market is also impacted by supply constraints. China production is down because of environmental concerns, and exports are being restricted to ensure domestic availability and affordability. This year, we expect China’s phosphate exports will be down by up to 5 million tons. Those restrictions could extend through at least the first half of 2023 and possibly beyond as China prioritizes securing domestic food supply and meeting growing industrial demand. While global channel inventories of phosphate and potash remain below historic norms, certain regions, especially in the areas where we do most of our business, saw inventories build in the first half of the year. But prices have retreated back to levels low enough to entice growers to step back into the market. We expect inventories to continue working lower through the end of the year and into early 2023. U.S. fall application has been trending back towards normal levels. We believe we could end the season with inventory significantly depleted, especially for phosphates. The U.S. is also experiencing low water levels on the Mississippi River, which is delaying supply coming through New Orleans. In Brazil, the higher-priced inventory built during the first half of the year has slowed third quarter shipments, but sentiment is improving. Prices have retreated enough to encourage sales, and we expect inventories will end the year much the same as where they started. The barter ratio suggests we’re approaching a much more constructive environment for demand. In India, importers are taking advantage of the price pullback in phosphates. India’s phosphates inventory is still low, while farmer demand remains strong. Government subsidies remain at a level that is supportive of phosphate imports but are likely to leave the country short of adequate supply of potash. To summarize, the strength of crop prices and more affordable fertilizer prices suggest nutrient demand will recover from the summer lull we experienced during the third quarter. Given the constructive ag backdrop, we believe our business is well positioned to benefit. In our phosphates business, Hurricane Ian forced us to shut down operations late in the third quarter, which delayed shipments at the end of September. Our team performed admirably and was able to get our Florida operations back up and running quickly following the hurricane. We estimate the shortfall in production to be in the range of 200,000 tons. Looking forward, we now expect fourth quarter sales to be in the range of 1.7 million to 2 million tons. Our phosphate business is expected to benefit from lower raw material prices in the fourth quarter, particularly as low sulfur prices start flowing through our costs. We expect a fourth quarter benefit of $40 to $45 per ton from lower raw materials in our North American phosphate business over the cost in the third quarter. In our potash business, we are realizing the benefits of improved volumes from Esterhazy and from the addition of Colonsay. 11 of the 13 planned miners are now running at Esterhazy, and improved operating rates at Colonsay together are driving higher volumes. We anticipate some turnarounds during the fourth quarter that will impact total production but expect sales volumes to be 2 million to 2.2 million tons. Mosaic Fertilizantes continues to be a very good business, having earned $1.2 billion in EBITDA over the last 12 months. High inventories built during the second quarter led to slower than initially expected demand during the third quarter as shipments typically seen during quarter three didn’t materialize. But pricing trends towards the end of the third quarter reached a level that is beginning to drive shipments, and we’ve begun seeing that in our business. Some of the third quarter buyer hesitancy is impacting the fourth quarter, but we expect trends to begin normalizing as we finish out the year. Before moving on, I’d like to address the next iteration of our transformation process. Over the last three years, we’ve extracted significant cost efficiencies in Brazil, lowered our cost profile in the potash business with transition to Esterhazy K3 and benefited from the combination of support functions across North America. Our next area of focus is the realization of efficiencies through a digital transformation of how we manage our business. In our release last night, we introduced our global digital acceleration project, an initiative that will transform how we use data to manage a complex business across our global footprint. This effort will upgrade our core systems and allow for more seamless integration across sales, production, supply chain and global support functions. Over the next several years, the total cost will be about $200 million to $250 million, split roughly evenly between SG&A and capital expenditures. As a result of this transformation, we expect to realize significant benefits in our sales and production planning and our cost and capital management. Similar to our early transformation efforts, this initiative will continue the trend of adding shareholder value. We expect this investment will have a payback in the range of 3 to 4 years. Finally, I want to reiterate that we remain committed to our capital allocation strategy. Later this month, we expect to retire the remaining $550 million of long-term debt that completes our goal of $1 billion of long-term debt reduction. Our CapEx expenditures expectation this year remains unchanged at $1.3 billion, and all remaining free cash flow after these commitments will be returned to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. During the quarter, we returned roughly $670 million to shareholders, which included $600 million of share repurchases. Over the last year, we have reduced our share count from approximately 380 million shares to 340 million shares. Putting all of this together, our outlook is quite strong. The global agriculture market continues to point to tight supply and demand for grains and oilseeds. We strengthened our balance sheet. Our team has recovered from Hurricane Ian in Florida. Our potash business continues to benefit from our low-cost position at Esterhazy, and the flexibility gained from restarting Colonsay. Our Brazil distribution business has a significant and growing footprint in an important agricultural market. We have positioned ourselves to maximize value across our business, and this has allowed us to return significant capital to shareholders. With that, let’s move on to the fireside chat portion of our call. Paul?
Paul Massoud: Thanks, Joc. Similar to last quarter, before we open the lines for live Q&A, we’re going to address some of the most common questions that came in last night. First, we received several questions on our general view of both the potash and phosphate markets. Where are we most optimistic? And where do we continue to see risk as we move into 2023?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Paul. I’m going to hand this over to Jenny for some detail here, but let me summarize by saying we’re very positive on both markets as both remain supply-constrained. Ag fundamentals remain strong and fertilizer prices have moderated from the previous peak seen earlier this year, which is driving a return to more historic levels. So, Jenny, can you give us some detail?
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Joc. I’d like to start from North America. The warm and dry weather has allowed farmers to go to the field for fall applications with a wide open window. And as of today, we are still saying products are going to hit ground. This improved farm economics and affordability has encouraged farmers to put down their phosphate and potash in the fall. In fact, we started to get customers’ inquiries and the request for the spring season demand. We sold a block of phosphate to one of our major customers yesterday as their customers, the farmers, have come to the table to buy product with the concern of the potential logistic issues for the spring supply and very strong cash flow the farmers are having to manage before end of the year. So, a good and normal fall applications are setting a good stage for the inventory drawdown in North America and set good stage for spring season in 2023. Moving over to Brazil. The barter ratios have improved significantly with the moderation of fertilizer prices and elevated ag commodity prices. We are seeing the Brazilian customers are reengaging in the purchases in order to prepare the coming safrinha seasons, and the inventories are coming down. Moving over to India. The farm economics have been very strong this year with the support from their government. The monsoon has also been helpful as we see demand increases, especially for phosphate. The recently announced subsidy program from the Indian government has been very supportive to their phosphate input and also consumption. We are seeing steady buy-ins from Indian customers on DAP recently at $750 per ton level. With the strong demand in Q4 and getting into 2023, we continue to see the supply constraints for both, phosphate and potash. On phosphate, we expect that Chinese export control will continue as we get into 2023 as the Chinese government to ensure the domestic supply availability and their farmers to be able to get fertilizers for their food production. And there’s very little new capacities coming online in phosphate production in 2023. Similarly to potash, we envision Belarus and Russia’s supply will remain constrained in 2023. And the alternatives as well will not be able to ramp up quickly to offset the continued constraints from that part of the world. To summarize, as you mentioned, Joc, we are very positive to both phosphate and potash as we move into 2023.
Paul Massoud: The next question is on channel inventories for both potash and phosphates. Can you provide some detail on recent channel inventory levels and what we expect for the balance of the year and early 2023?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Paul. I’m going to hand this one straight over to Jenny. Jenny?
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. The inventory level in most parts of the world are pretty low. In some of the regions like in Europe, the inventory level is really, really low given the supply situation in 2022. I probably want to provide some color on the inventory situation in North America and Brazil, where we believe most of the question is about. In North America, for both phosphate and potash, the current channel inventory are about average relative to historical norm at the same time of this year. As of yesterday, our other country warehouse capacity for phosphate has come down to 30% used. And for potash, that has come down to 50% used. This level of the inventory are right at the same level as we see historically at this point of time. As we are seeing good norm fall application, the channel inventories are expected to come down further. I also want to remind ourself, logistics remain very challenging in North America, particularly on the river, which highlights the unique strength of Mosaic’s assets, which can serve North America by both rail and barges. Move over to Brazil. Since the war started in the first quarter, a lot of Brazilian customers rushed to buy products from all around the world in order to ensure their supply. As a result of this rush buying, we are seeing a very high inventory building at port in Brazil started in July. That inventory at port has gradually slowed down over the last few months. By end of October, we are saying that inventory export has come down by 35% versus the peak in end of July. The other thing that I want to mention is the import shipments to Brazil. In the mid of the year, the vessels coming to Brazil had to wait for over eight weeks to unload product because the ports warehouses are so full. Now, the waiting time has come down to less than two weeks. That’s a signal. And in the meantime, we are seeing re-export vessels for both potash and phosphate. With that, we believe the market reached to the bottom in Brazil.
Paul Massoud: Joc, the next question is on the status of our potash production increases, especially given what we’ve seen with recent demand and price trends. Are we committed to continuing to increase production in 2023?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Paul. And let me start by talking about Esterhazy. Esterhazy has been a 10-year plan. And in that plan, we not only brought out a new mine at K3 but fully intended to bring on an extra 1 million tons of production, which was aligned with the capacity of the K1 and K2 mills. So, as we talk about that, we’ve always looked at Esterhazy as being our most efficient, lowest-cost operations. So yes, we absolutely will expand the capacity of Esterhazy’s K3 mine to meet the capacity of the mill. In terms of Colonsay, we see an immediate need for those tons as the gap in supply from Belarus has meant there’s been an opportunity for us and through Canpotex exporting more product. That near-term need, we expect, will continue into 2023. So, we certainly see a need for Colonsay in the near term. Bringing that production on has been relatively inexpensive, likely in the range of $50 per capacity ton. So on that basis, that’s paid off over a matter of months. So, how will we look at it as we go forward? We will always be focused on working towards value, not volume. And as such, we will meet the needs of the market and no more.
Paul Massoud: The fourth question we should cover is on Fertilizantes gross margins in the fourth quarter. How should investors think about the impact of cost inflation in Brazil across our production and distribution businesses? And what are the key takeaways on costs?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Paul. Yes, inflation is showing up in our cost structure through the increased price of commodities, labor and inputs as well as our raw materials. We expect, overall, the impact on our cost structure to be around 15%. Our distribution business in Brazil benefited by matching low-cost inventory with high-priced sales in Q2. We saw a reversal of that in the third quarter. For distribution business, due to the timing of purchases, a step down in gross margin per tone is expected. However, even with that, we are still seeing gross margins above our historic norms. With that, operator, can we open the call to questions from the audience?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. Joc, you were talking about lower pricing, kind of incentivizing farmers to start to purchase again. Is it -- is that what was delaying it, or were they just simply deferring purchases because prices were falling? And now that it’s showing some stabilization, there could be a bit of a flood of purchasing going on from here going forward? Is that reasonable?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Steve, and good morning. Certainly, as prices are declining, nobody wants to step into a market. There’s necessary caution. I would argue, probably when the prices were higher, there was also a psychological or sentimental response. The economics of planting and using fertilizer never went negative. So, it isn’t a matter of the fundamentals. It was a matter of the sentiment, I would think, at some point. And then, as the prices declined, as you suggest, the buyers take a step back and wait. If they think the price is going to be lower tomorrow, they’ll wait and start buying when they absolutely need to. I think the indication now is the price has in fact stabilized. It’s stabilized at a price where they can see easy value, if you will. And so, they’re stepping back in. And absolutely, we expect there will be a pretty steady buying. Remember, at least in North America, though, we are in the fall season. So, they are taking a price risk for next spring. So, there might be a little more caution in terms of coming all in. But we’re seeing good movement, and that indicates that they believe that this is good value and that will continue.
Operator: The next question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: I guess my question is thinking about your market outlook into 2023 with the increases that you’re forecasting in potash and phosphate shipments. How should we think about Mosaic’s ability to grow shipments in excess of the market? Lapping some of the production issues this year, increased capacity at Esterhazy. I mean, what’s a rough framework, Joc, for how much production for you can be up in a market that has higher shipments next year?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Adam. If I think about 2023, starting with potash, and we’ve been saying this, and with the lack of -- or the lack of sales coming out of Belarus, we do see that the market is going to have to ration supply, which does, as you mentioned, bring up an opportunity for us to potentially move more product. I will say that North America, we expect to stay relatively flat. It’s not a high-growth market. So, this is all an export opportunity, if you will. The challenges there are twofold. One is, do we get to the right markets that really need it? And then the other question is, can we even move it? So, those are the first points. The supply chain is at its limit right now, and we struggle to get the tons out, particularly say in the first quarter, which I think everyone sees problems getting product out of Canada in the first quarter with winter and all the rest. And then, it comes down to what’s the production capacity. We have, I think, developed real great flexibility there with Esterhazy now reaching what I would call its full capacity, bringing on Colonsay to augment that capacity and give us some flexibility so that we can hit the seasonality as well as the increased demand. So, I think we’re well positioned there. I can’t give you a specific number at this stage of what we think the year is going to bring for demand. But I mean we’re looking at a global market of 64 million tons next year in potash, up probably a little bit off this year. I think this year, we might have been as low as 62 million tons. So, we do see an improvement in the market. We see the rush of tons that came in the first quarter from Russia and Belarus are probably not coming, though a good opportunity for us in that first and second quarter, certainly of next year and then throughout the year. In terms of phosphates, we’re probably a little more production-limited in phosphates. I mean, we’re running those assets. But between the limitations of the resource base, whatnot, we don’t have an expansion opportunity really there. So, we expect that to stay similar in that sort of 8 million to -- maybe 8.5 million, 9 million tons of capacity. How well we utilize those will depend on the market. And so, our expectation is our utilization will be quite high next year. And in both those cases, we’re looking forward to being very well sold, if you will, and having high utilization of all our assets. And that would include our production assets in Brazil, of course, as well.
Operator: The next question will come from Josh Spector with UBS. Please go ahead.
Josh Spector: I guess just given consensus seems to be that the market will be short, something like 5 million to 8 million tons of potash next year, curious where you think support level is for pricing for potash in that environment. Just given your 4Q expectations of around $600 per ton, do you think pricing moves up from here as inventories come down, or is there a support level you would think about?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Josh. If I think about prices, I think there’s really, at this stage, it’s going to be sentiment that will really -- sentiment and fundamentals that are really going to be the limitation to prices. I would argue that what we saw, particularly in Brazil when the price of potash went to, say, $1,200, the economics was still okay, but it was starting to get pretty difficult for the Brazilian farmer. And the one that they probably work off more is their barter ratio, which became quite elevated. So in other words, it was costing them a lot more of their production to buy the inputs than it had in previous years. So, I think there’s a risk if you go too high in price that you will actually start really destroying demand. So look, I think there is a great opportunity for a -- at the same reasonable barter ratios as we’ve had with elevated crop prices that we can have very good margins and that the market should be able to move up from here. I don’t believe it’s going to move to $1,200, but I think there’s probably some good room to move from where we are today.
Operator: The next question will come from John Roberts with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Actually, it’s Edlain Rodriguez. Jenny did an excellent job highlighting the strength of both potash and phosphate. Granted, it’s always difficult to choose between your children, but if you have to differentiate between potash and phosphate, which one do you believe will prove more resilient price-wise over the next three to six months?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Edlain. So yes, we don’t -- we love all our children, as you highlight. If I look at the market fundamentals, and they’re both strong, but clearly, today, potash has a very good position in that as the slightly smaller of the two markets, and it has the bigger supply disruption. The supply disruption in China, while we believe will continue through 2023 or the export restrictions out of China, we expect those to continue. But that’s 5 million-ish tons on a 70-something million ton market, where in potash, you’re talking about a 8 million-ton decline on a 70 million-ton market. So, as you think about it from that perspective, the problems in Belarus in terms of exports are, A, less likely to be resolved; and B, more significant to the overall market. So if I had to be asked, which of the two had higher resilience, you’d probably say at this stage, it would be the potash market.
Operator: The next question will come from Christopher Parkinson with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Christopher Parkinson: Joc, just taking a step back and looking at the various costs in both of your businesses. In potash, it seems like Esterhazy is running well and Colonsay is getting back on track. And on the phosphate side, you have relative stability right now in NH3, Faustina ops and then a decline in the sulfur price. So, just on any just preliminary basis, how should we, say, be thinking about the margins or the strip margins at phosphates? As we hit on ‘23, what are the big puts and takes in your team’s view?
Joc O’Rourke: So, if I’m thinking about potash -- I’ll just hit potash real quick because I think you’ve touched on that. In potash, it’s two things that matter. One is where the product comes from. So obviously, running Colonsay at a little higher cost. The other thing that we have to take into account is Belle Plaine is highly dependent on the price of natural gas. It uses arguably some 30 million MMBtus per year of natural gas. So, if you add a couple of dollars to the natural gas price, it has a pretty big impact on that operation. So, other than that though, as you mentioned, the potash pricing or the potash cost is pretty stable. If we then look at phosphates -- and quite frankly, we are seeing some inflation in both, mining costs and processing. Mining, the distances are getting longer. The grades probably over the years is declining slightly. So, you’ve got some costs in there that come up. But they pale in comparison to when you look at the raw materials. If we think about $1,000 ammonia, that represents $200 on the cost of a ton of phosphates. If you think about a $400 sulfur, that represents about $180 cost on top. So, you could have -- at the peak, there was probably $420 a ton in our -- or sorry, $380 a ton in our phosphate cost just on those two raw materials. Now they’ve retracted back to $100 for sulfur and our average -- I think our average ammonia cost is now in the range of $600, if you take into account our own production and all the rest. So, that’s stable. And I think we talked about a $40 or $50 decline in raw materials costs, and that will fall straight to the margin. So, assuming flat prices, you could expect the margin to increase by about $40 to $50. And so, we’ll see where the price goes in the next quarter, but that’s kind of how that plays out.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: It’s a two-part question. In your slide deck, you said that you were contemplating a special dividend. Why is it that you’re contemplating a special dividend given your very low valuation and your high free cash flow generation? Wouldn’t continuing share repurchase be a higher return for your shareholder? And second, I was hoping you would comment on the possibility of Chinese phosphate rock capacity expansions or DAP or MAP expansions in 2024?
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. So first one first, special dividend. I think we’ve been consistent in saying that we would be -- look at both dividends -- regular dividends, share buybacks and special dividends. So far, we have definitely focused on the share buybacks, and one of the reasons for that is -- or one of the main reasons for that is exactly as you say. We believe our shares offer as good a value as anything we can think of. And so, that’s a good place to return money to shareholders. At the same time, we have to consider all of our shareholders. Some of the long-term shareholders would like to see income. I would say, as a shareholder myself, I don’t mind the idea of seeing some of it come back as stable income. And quite frankly, if I decide, as I think I would, that the value of that meant I could buy more shares, I’m free to do that as well. So, I don’t think the idea of a combination is bad. We certainly have focused more on share buybacks. But I think we want to make sure we look at all of our shareholders. And if a small portion of our return to shareholders is through a special dividend when we’re doing well, I think that’s fair, too. And obviously, on a yearly basis, we’ll look at our overall dividend and make sure that we give a fair but affordable dividend there, too. So, second question, p rock, I’m not sure I 100% understood the question, Jeff. But there’s no question from -- in general, that phosphate rock mining in China has been restricted greatly because of its proximity to the Yangtze River. And so for environmental reasons, they’ve done a lot of restrictions on mining in China. So, if anything, I would argue that China is probably somewhat resource-constrained from a phosphate rock process. And so, we don’t expect expansion there. And what we’ve seen as well in terms of finished fertilizers is they have dropped their capacity significantly and shut down plants, particularly again along the Yangtze River, and have not rebuilt them. So, I think their capacity is down about 25% now. And in terms of their exports, two things are going on there. More product is going to industrial and particularly purified phosphoric acid. I can’t help but mention the -- again, the growth of lithium-ion phosphate batteries in China is just incredible. And it seems like that may well be the future of batteries is the more economic lithium-ion phosphate rather than nickel iron -- or nickel lithium cobalt. So, putting all that together, we see Chinese government needing to make sure fertilizers stays affordable in China, and they’re doing that by restricting exports. And so, we think that will continue. I hope that answers the question you were asking. If you’re asking about potash, I think what we’ve seen is Qinghai Lake has actually decreased in capacity over time. And I suspect that’s just the quality of the resource and what they can extract on a year-by-year basis.
Operator: The next question will come from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Just a couple of quick questions. One, you kind of partially answered earlier. I had a question on raw materials, particularly sulfur impact on phosphates. I guess, my question there would be, you expect to keep that benefit, you said, straight to the bottom line. What gives you confidence that it falls to the bottom line and you don’t have to share that with your customers? And secondly, just on these LFP batteries that you just mentioned. My understanding is that the use of phosphate in LFP, it’s a very small part of phosphate that goes into LFP. Do you really think that LFP is going to have an impact on the phosphate markets? Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, P.J. Okay. So, raw materials first, lithium-ion phosphate second. So, when I say that the benefit of the raw materials will fall to the bottom line, look, in general, that’s a flow-through to the customer. But what we find, of course, is always supply and demand impacts. So, in the case of a tight market, more of that sticks with us. In the case of a sloppy market, if you will, that goes -- the customer takes all of that benefit. Today, we see the market is relatively tight. So we think we can maintain our margins and potentially benefit from that falling cost. In terms of is LFP battery a significant use of phosphates, what we’re seeing today, I think, is -- I think we’ve gone from 100,000 tons of purified phosphoric acid, this is China alone, moving up in a couple of years to about 400,000 tons of purified phosphoric acid. And even year-to-date, the LFP has gone up to 670,000. And we expect 2022 will be 1 million tons total. So, what we’re seeing is an extremely quick increase in consumption, which we think, over time, definitely will have an impact on the supply and demand balance for the product. It is a big industrial use for phosphates.
Operator: The next question will come from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: I have two questions. Maybe I’ll ask them one after the other, if that’s okay. So -- sorry, so Mosaic had a...
Joc O’Rourke: You know that. That’s three in a row.
Joel Jackson: What’s that?
Joc O’Rourke: Sorry, Joel. I’m just kidding. Go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Oh, sorry, I missed that. Sorry. Mosaic had a relatively lower potash sales volume decline in Q3 than your CapEx part to Nutrien. You’re also guiding to flat volumes in Q4 versus Nutrien guiding lower. So, I mean, I know you’re just sponsor for yourself, but you’re linked on the offshore with Canpotex. So, are you -- like you just said that you think that potash volumes in the channel in North America are normal. But do you think that the pause in purchases in North America channel is a longer period than the offshore market?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Look, first of all, I can’t comment on anyone other than Mosaic, obviously. And I also don’t know the differences in selling strategies or rev rec and all that, so making any kind of comparison. What I will say is what we saw in North America in the third quarter was a pretty good slowdown. What we did also see, though, was a reduction of imports. I mean imports year-to-date are probably down by 50% or close to 1 million tons. I suspect we had a pretty good uptake of our summer fill program or considering how the markets played out, we had a pretty good uptake of our summer fill program. So we think our customers came to the table and again, saw good value and saw that they were willing to price. And that was a good thing. So, we rev reced what we think was reasonable considering the market. In terms of going forward, again, there’s just a high level of uncertainty of where that market is going to be. And I would argue that that pertains both to Canpotex and to the North American market. In the North American market, we expect a decent fall season. If we do better than that, hey, all the better. But the expectation is a decent or normal fall season, and that’s exactly what we’re seeing. We expect to see the inventory work its way down throughout the season, which is good. I think Jenny said earlier, we’re down to 50% of our in-market inventory. So, that’s been run down significantly to a normal level for middle of November. So, we’re seeing a very normal sort of play out, and that is what we would expect. Now we had a summer fill program. It -- we didn’t discount or anything. So I think that just says the fundamentals are there, and people are ready to buy.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: So, I just had actually a few questions on Fertilizantes. I find it a little bit difficult sometimes for us to get some good visibility there. In phosphate production, it looks like it’s kind of trended a little bit lower in the past few quarters now. Can you maybe shed some light on what’s going on there and what your expectations are on production going forward? And then on gross margins going into Q4, if I’m understanding the commentary correctly, it sounds like it will still be relatively quite high, but maybe sequentially down into Q3 even if you include the wholesale margins? Is that correct? And then just the last one is on...
Joc O’Rourke: Could you repeat the second piece, Andrew? I just -- I didn’t quite get the Q4 question.
Andrew Wong: Well, just wondering like margins going into Q4, the commentary sounded like it will still be very strong historically, but maybe down sequentially versus Q3. It sounds like there’s some pressure on distribution. And then just wondering if you include the wholesale sales, which are typically higher margin, would the margins still be down sequentially? And then just on costs -- yes.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Go ahead, cost. So, you want -- cost, margin and distribution?
Andrew Wong: Sure. And just like what you expect going forward, like should these costs this year that we’re seeing in Fertilizantes, is that what we should expect going forward? Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Okay. That’s a brain full. Let me try and hit these one at a time. First of all, phosphate production, I guess, we have, over the last couple of years, up and down a little bit on phosphate production. Some of that, obviously, is from time to time, reliability; from time to time moving in different areas of mining, et cetera, which will happen. But the other piece is the market started moving pretty slow, and we ran into where our sales out of production haven’t really been up to where we might have loved them. And as such, you got to match your production to your sales. We’ve had a situation, particularly if you look at single super phosphate, SSP, where we’re actually pretty loaded up on our inventory. And so, continuing to run against a full inventory doesn’t make a whole lot of sense, so. And from a cost perspective, that hurts your unit cost. So, there’s a couple of things in play there. In terms of our -- when I was talking about margin, I just want to highlight we take positions. And normally, we try and keep our positions fairly balanced, but you tend to take a position as much as a couple of months ahead of when you sell. So, if you are in a declining market and you buy in July and you sell in September, you tend to take that price risk for those two months. If the prices are going up, you have extraordinary -- or you have gains in that positioning. And if it’s -- if the prices are going down, you have losses in that positioning. So, if we look at Brazil right now, you are seeing that. We had very good margins in quarter two that reversed to some extent in quarter three. Although as I said in the earlier comments, the margins are still looking pretty strong. And I think I would credit that with our product management teams not only globally, but in Brazil, specifically, who are able to understand the market dynamic, decide how far ahead or how late they want to address the pricing and how much inventory they’re holding. So, I mean, there’s a great art to that as a production company. However, there’s limitations on how much of that you can really do. So, I think that answers most of what you asked there, Andrew.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Sorry. I want to follow up that question. It’s a tough one. But Joc, so -- so Nutrien is going to add some tons going forward here. And obviously, their CapEx allocation is set because that capacity, I assume, proving them is already done. So for them to place those extra tons has to be all in North America. And then, you said that demand would be 64 million tons next year based on your preliminary guess, up only a couple of million from 2022, assuming -- has a little bit more -- assuming is really [indiscernible] a little bit more, assuming ICL a little bit more, assuming Belarus maybe a little bit out more. Who knows what happens with EuroChem. It would seem that Nutrien can’t place all those tons. So, I guess I’m trying to figure out, I don’t if you have an answer, but how do you think about all this? And if Colonsay is a swing mine, are you cautious to want to run it at the beginning of the year full out if it looks like, based on your own numbers, it may not be needed?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. So, as you aptly mentioned, I can’t and won’t contemplate either my competitor or partner or whatever and what their plans are. I think you have to ask their new CEO. However, let me say how we view the market. Like I said, we see next year that that 8 million tons won’t come back, yes. I’m sure ICL will try and push out what they can. I’m sure EuroChem seems to be reasonably effective in getting to market. I will say that Uralkali seems to be not as active in the market this year as previous, and there’s been a couple of rumors and whatnot about why. But I can’t tell you that. That would be, again, a question for them. What -- and the Belarusians, as long as they can get product through the Lithuanian ports, they’re going to be restricted to either a long-rail haul to St. Petersburg, assuming they can get port capacity there or a long and complicated rail haul to China, which they have done relatively successfully. I think they’ve probably been able to move 1.5 million-ish tons to China through that rail link, so. But with all of that together, we see a supply side -- even with extra tons from Canpotex, we see a supply side of -- in the range of 64 million tons. And from our perspective, if -- the market will have to find a way to be at that 64 million tons. So in other words, we think there’s good need -- or there’s need for all the Colonsay tons next year. What happens beyond that? Who knows? Again, I will emphasize with Colonsay, it cost us virtually a couple of months’ production to restart it. So, we’re making a good margin at Colonsay right now, and the downside risk of restarting it was virtually zero, and the upside opportunity was large. So, to us, that’s a perfect value-adding decision.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Joc O’Rourke for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. Well, to conclude our call, I would like to emphasize the strength of Mosaic’s financial performance. We delivered excellent results, and our outlook remains strong. Global agricultural market conditions remain constructive, and tight supply of grain and oilseeds is very likely to continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, fertilizer demand remains strong and supply constraints persist. We’re using this opportunity to return significant capital to shareholders to invest in our business and to strengthen our balance sheet. Mosaic is in an excellent position to continue to benefit from compelling business conditions throughout 2023 and beyond. Thank you for joining the call. Have a good and safe day, and go out and vote. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Paul Massoud, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis of the company -- of The Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter 2022 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President of Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. Statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter 2022 earnings discussion. I hope you've had a chance to review our posted slides as well as our news release and performance data, which were made available on our website yesterday. I will provide more additional context before we respond to questions we received last night, and then we'll conclude with a live Q&A session. Mosaic delivered second quarter net income of $1 billion and earnings per share of $2.85. Adjusted earnings per share were $3.64 and adjusted EBITDA was $2 billion. Free cash flow totaled $794 million, allowing us to return $667 million to shareholders during the second quarter, including $612 million of share repurchases, bringing the year-to-date buyback total through June 30th to over $1 billion. We've continued to buy back shares aggressively through July because we believe our portfolio positions us to continue driving strong results and generating significant cash flow through the rest of the year and into 2023. As such, Mosaic's Board of Directors has approved a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization to begin once the current one is exhausted later this year. Before digging deeper into our business, let's discuss the broader agricultural markets. There are several issues threatening global food security. The war in Ukraine continues to create uncertainty around food supply from one of the world's most important crop producers. In addition, Europe and US have experienced very high temperatures, while Southern Brazil is showing signs of drought conditions. And all of this is happening at a time of lower overall nutrient applications because of constrained supply. Each of these issues alone can have a material effect on global crop production. But together, the risk to food security is significant. This suggests global stock-to-use ratios, which are already near 20-year lows, will remain under pressure. Because of this, we see a tight supply and demand scenario for global grains and oilseeds continuing through 2022 and into 2023. As we focus on the potash and phosphate fertilizer markets, the fundamentals remain quite strong. In potash, we continue to expect Belarusian exports to be down 8 million tonnes this year. Some of that will be mitigated by incremental supply from producers like Mosaic over the next 18 months. But that will not be enough to erase the deficit that we see lasting well into 2023 at least. In phosphates, China has continued to restrict exports as it prioritizes domestic industrial and agricultural demand. We now believe full year phosphate exports from China could be down as much as 5 million tonnes from the prior year total of 11.5 million tonnes. Shifting focus, we believe global fertilizer demand in the first half of 2022 was down about 10% from the same period last year, which aligns with the shortfall we've seen in supply. Grower sentiment has grown more cautious. But supply constraints are supporting global prices and margins well above historical levels, a situation we believe will continue at least through the rest of the year. North America and Brazil have been well supplied thus far in '22, but much of the rest of the world is continuing to see unfilled demand of both phosphates and potash as a result of limited supply. In North America, a compressed planting season, macroeconomic headwinds and volatile crop prices impact spring season consumption. First half applications were down from the record year in 2021, but remained in-line with historic levels. Looking forward, we expect normal demand leading up to fall application. In Brazil, we saw first half demand in-line with historic levels. Channel inventories were built in country by importers driven by concerns over supply availability stemming from geopolitical events.  Significant customer prepays, though, indicate farmer demand will ramp up as the softer season gets underway. In India, we've begun to see importers enter the market and take advantage of the recent price pullback in phosphate. India's phosphate inventories are low and concerns over availability persist. Farmer demand for nutrients remains very strong and the government continues to indicate it will ensure adequate supply for domestic consumption. In China, port inventories of potash sit below 2 million tonnes and in Southeast Asia, shipments of potash appear below historic levels. We see these dynamics impacting demand beyond 2022 as reduced application this year will require a catch-up in future years when supply availability improves.  As we look at our business in the context of today's global markets, we remain optimistic. The investments we've made over the last decade have positioned us well for today's environment. In Brazil, our 2018 acquisition of the Fertilizantes business has driven significant shareholder value. We've seen EBITDA grow from less than $70 million in proforma 2017 to $1.2 billion over the last 12 months. And we've completely recapitalized the business, having now bought back all of the shares issued and repaid all of the borrowing to fund that deal. Looking forward, Mosaic, Fertilizantes will continue to benefit from its market position as the country's largest producer and second-largest distributor. We are seeing inflation in our cost structure, but believe ongoing optimization should offset much of the impact. In potash, we are realizing the benefits of K3, one of the world's most efficient potash mines and we're actively working to optimize that asset. We've reached our initial operating run rate target of 5.5 million tonnes per year at the end of the first quarter and plan to continue our optimization of the complex with the addition of three new underground miners over the next year, resulting in an incremental 1 million tonnes of production capacity. At Colonsay, we've begun the process of restarting the second mill, which should expand output to 2 million tonnes per year by the second half of 2023. In phosphates, we continue to benefit from our advantaged position in ammonia and we're now seeing an improvement in sulfur costs that should begin to flow through to our production costs later this year. We've seen prices moderate down to levels we believe are sustainable for the rest of the year. As a result, we expect our stripping margins will remain well above historic levels. Given the outlook for our business and the free cash flow we expect to generate, capital allocation remains a key focus for us. First, we continue to invest in our business. For 2022, total capital expenditures remain unchanged at $1.3 billion. We remain open to modest, high-returning projects, and small bolt-on acquisitions, especially in Brazil, but we are not interested in large-scale greenfield projects. Second, we're committed to ensuring a strong balance sheet and plan to retire $550 million of long-term debt in the second half of 2022, after which, we see no need to further deleverage. The third pillar of our strategy is returning capital to shareholders. Year-to-date, we returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends and we expect that pace to continue, if not accelerate, as the year progresses. In total, we expect to return essentially 100% of our free cash flow after the commitments to the business and the balance sheet we've discussed. Because we're approaching the end of our current authorization, our Board of Directors approved a new authorization of $2 billion that begins once we've exhausted the current authorization. At today's valuation, buying back our own shares provides better economics than any other use of cash. So, we expect to take advantage of this as long as the opportunity remains. We may also consider supplementing share repurchases with special dividends over time depending on market conditions. As we've said in the past, we will not build cash on the balance sheet just for the sake of it. Before going into Q&A, allow me to summarize. Mosaic delivered very strong results in the second quarter and we expect favorable dynamics as we continue through the year and into 2023. We're continuing to help the world grow the food it needs by ensuring customer demands are met, and we're returning significant capital to shareholders, while still investing in the business and strengthening our balance sheet. Now, with that, I would like to move on to the Q&A portion of the call.
A - Paul Massoud: As we've done in past quarters, we'd like to address some of the most common questions we received after we published our earnings materials last night. Joc, just to start, I think it might be helpful to provide an update on potash and phosphate supply constraints. What are we seeing in the market today?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Paul. Let's start with potash. The Belarusian and Russian exports together we expect to be down by about 12 million tonnes this year due to the effect of sanctions. Now, we do expect recovery from both Russian and Belarusian exports as we move into 2023, but the world is going to need those tonnes if demand snaps back in any way over the next year. So, where do we see Russia? Probably easier to come back. They're finding ways into the market. We're seeing their tonnes, particularly in countries like Brazil, India, and Central America. Belarus has had very little comeback. They are probably moving 100,000 tonnes a month through to China by rail. But other than that, we're seeing very little of Belarusian product in the market. So we expect between the two of them, like I said at the start, 12 million tonnes. In phosphates, the biggest player, of course, is China in terms of export restrictions, and those have been extended into the second half of the year. Our projection for Chinese exports this year is down to seven-ish million tonnes from 11.5 million tonnes. So we're seeing a good five million tonne reduction of exports. And again, because of the structural changes in China, we really don't expect them to come back in a big way even after the restrictions end. So in 2023, we expect domestic ag and industrial demand to continue to restrict Chinese exports.
Paul Massoud: Given the dynamics we saw in the second quarter, we received several questions on the resiliency of potash and phosphate demand. Can you discuss how you see the second half playing out?
Joc O'Rourke: Let me start by saying, because of the lack of supply in both phosphates and potash, demand had to be rationed. And what we saw was that rationing of demand meant lower use in different areas, but specifically lack of supply in some areas. So it's very regional how this played out. In North America particularly, a compressed season because of weather in the spring led to very late and very limited ability to add fertilizer to ground. So this, combined with growers being willing to mine their soil because of the higher prices, probably led to lower use in the United States and Canada. But remember, any of this missed or curtailed application will have to be made up in the next couple of seasons. So we do expect a very robust normal fall application. Now again, caveat there being, it will be late because the planting was late, so the harvest will be late. So it could cross quarters from the third quarter into the fourth quarter. But if I look at the overall second half of the year, we expect it to be very much in line with a normal year here in the and in Canada.
Paul Massoud: Joc, we received a few questions on elevated inventory levels in Brazil, specifically around potash. How do you think this will affect new sales? And how might this also impact pricing?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. As we discuss Brazil, we have to start by understanding that 85% of fertilizer into Brazil is imported. And at the start of the year, there was a huge concern with the constrained supply over whether or not the country could get the fertilizer it needed for its planting. To put it to a point, the Minister of Agriculture and the President of the country both travel the world to ensure that imports would be available for Brazil. As such, Brazil led pricing in the first half of the year for around the world. Now because of that, imports were up about 30% year-over-year in the first half. So as we move into the second half of the year, inventories are high. And because inventories are high, farmers believe they can defer. But ultimately, solid economics for both soybeans and second crop corn are going to drive the farmer to apply fertilizer. And when they start applying, we believe the ramp-up of buying activity will consume the inventory, and we will end the year at a normal place. The best evidence from our perspective of this is the high prepay that we have seen in the last quarter, which indicates that the farmers are getting ready to buy, the farmers are getting ready to apply. They are just waiting for the right time.
Paul Massoud: We received a few questions from analysts about our third quarter sales volume guidance, especially for phosphates. Can you provide some context around our expectations for both potash and phosphates over the next three months?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you. Let me start by saying this is mostly a timing issue. In North America, the late spring and late planting is going to lead to a late harvest. Now that means that the second half demand, while it should be in line with expectation, could come in the fourth quarter rather than the third quarter due to this delayed harvest. So while we expect a very normal second half, where exactly it plays out in terms of the timing is yet to be seen. In Brazil, planting for the second crop corn or the soybeans won't happen until November, December. As such, there is time for them to delay their purchases until the last minute. Now again, in Brazil, just like North America, we expect normal application in the second half of the year. But as always, with higher prices, people are deferring the purchase as late as they can. However, good economics will mean that in both cases, we believe normal application will occur. If you do note the high range for the phosphate guidance does align with more typical sales historically, but again, we could see those slipping into the fourth quarter.
Paul Massoud: Clint, this question is for you. We received a question on our working capital needs in the last few quarters. How do you see that playing out going forward?
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. As we look at working capital, there are a number of dynamics to keep in mind. First, the overall market pricing levels and seasonality that impact our income statement also impact our balance sheet, particularly around working capital. As we've seen the pricing levels and the overall market increase over the last couple of years, that has caused an increase in our core working capital accounts of receivables, inventories and payables. So those tend to follow directionally what's happening with the overall pricing environment. And again, over the last couple of years as a result of that, we've seen the overall working capital needs of the business increase. Now in addition to the impact of the pricing environment that we're operating in, we also have the seasonality of our business that plays out. And so you see some meaningful changes from quarter-to-quarter based on which season we're either in or entering into. First quarter, we tend to see preparation for the spring season. So we typically see inventory builds. We typically see our accruals and payables from the previous year get paid out. And then as we move into the second quarter, we tend to see receivables build. We tend to see other impacts of -- on working capital. So we can see as we move through the seasons it certainly will play out in our working capital accounts, particularly the seasons in the – in North America and Brazil. Two things, I think, are good to focus on or to recall, particularly as it relates to Brazil. One is our growing distribution business in Brazil does tend to hold quite a bit of inventory, particularly as it moves into the season, and then it tends to liquidate throughout the season. So that can be a driver of some of our overall working capital. The other element of the Brazil business is around prepayments. Prepayments tend to build in the first half of the year and then reverse out in the second half of the year. And just to give you a sense of order of magnitude, first half of this year, we saw prepayments in Brazil increase by about $830 million. Again, that's another factor that's influenced by the overall pricing environment. But again, we would expect to see the vast majority of that, if not all of it, reverse out in the back half of the year. And specifically, in the third quarter, I would expect somewhere between 50% to 75% of that number to reverse out of working capital. So again, just keep in mind, as you look at our working capital, overall pricing environment impacts it, but also the seasonality of our underlying business.
Paul Massoud : That concludes the fireside chat portion of the call. Operator, let's open up the follow-up questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now take our first question. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Steve Byrne, Bank of America. I'd like to get your view on where do you take Fertilizantes from here. Joc, you mentioned you were looking at potentially some small bolt-ons down there. What businesses are you largely looking at? And can you also comment on how the gross margins in that business differ between product you produce versus product that you buy and then redistribute? Do you see that split changing going forward as perhaps you expand your capacities?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Look, let me start by saying, probably as we look at Brazil, the Northwest or Northeast kind of section of Brazil, as you go towards, but not into the Amazon, obviously. It seems to be the area that’s growing the fastest. It's growing probably at 10% plus per year. We have plans to build a hub that would allow us to be more participative in that region.  So as that market grows, that's one area where we would expect to expand our distribution business. And then in the areas of production, we've got plans for optimizing our existing operations. We're looking at plans to expand and extend the life of our potash facility down there because we think it's a niche area where it can supply.  So, there's a number of opportunities we're looking at down there that we think are going to have very quick paybacks and relatively limited capital requirements. In terms of the margins, clearly producer margins are better at this type of market than distribution margins. But on the other hand, the benefit of our distribution business is that the margins stay very constant year-on-year. Where we – what I'll say, though, not to be too explicit about our actual margin split is that, our best margins are seen for things like MicroEssentials, where we pick up the production margin in the US and then both the distribution and retail margin down in Brazil.  So those margins are pretty fantastic and then the other place where the margins are really good is our production B2B business, where we sell it through our own distribution and we capture both of those margins. So -- but overall, I think our -- right now, our -- two-thirds of our earnings are probably being driven by the production business.
Operator: Now, we can now take our next question. Caller your line is open. Please, go ahead. 
Joel Jackson: Hi. Joel Jackson from BMO. Just following up on the Brazil margin question or Fertilizantes margin question. Obviously, margins have been all over the place the last bunch of quarters in a rising fertilizer price environment. I mean, how should we see margins there? I'm assuming some of the peak margins we're seeing right now have to go down. You guys see inventory gains. Commodity prices can't stay here forever. So how do you see the next couple of quarters? And then, what would be kind of a mid-cycle margin guidance to think about?
Joc O'Rourke: Well, that's a pretty detailed question here, Joel, and one which I'd be making some pretty big forward-looking statements. Look, I think our -- the one thing to say is where we're expanding mostly has been in our distribution business. Those margins have been pretty stable for a long time. And again, without getting into too many details of exactly where those sit, but I don't think those are going to change mid-cycle a whole lot from where they are today. Obviously, we've had some positioning gains that have helped us. But -- and those come and go a little bit. But I think our overall strategy of how we buy raw materials, including ammonia -- or sorry, UAN and others for our business, because we buy those fairly carefully, I think we're going to continue making -- being well positioned in that market. In terms of mid-cycle, though, in our original prospectus to buy the business, we talked about a $350 million a year. And I would say, between the benefits of our integration and then the benefits of our changes since then, I would argue that we've probably added at least $400 million to that business. And we would be likely -- more likely in the $700 million to $800 million per year range mid-cycle.
Operator: We can take our next question now. Caller your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Hi. It's Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Good morning, everyone. Joc, just maybe just give us your latest thoughts on capital allocation. Obviously, the $2 billion buyback, but you did also mention potentially doing special dividends. So maybe you could just layer on how you're thinking about the common dividend from here and what might cause you to do a special dividend and how large it could potentially be.
Joc O'Rourke: So, I guess, I got my mic backwards. Thanks, Vincent. Yes. As we think about capital allocation, really, our thoughts on that have been reasonably consistent, which we've made a commitment a long time to go to pay the $550 million down to make the $1 billion of payments. But once that's done, we believe that's done. We've got a very strong balance sheet. We're comfortable. Obviously, we have to do our capital. And that brings us down to the question you're asking, which is how are we going to distribute the rest. And as I said just earlier, we expect to give that all back to shareholders. We don't see anything more enticing than our own business right now. So we expect that certainly at these types of share prices and our types of EBITDA-to-enterprise value ratios, we think our shares are very compelling, and we'll continue to buy those. Now, if that -- if the price of our shares changes or the business changes, then we may make a decision to move towards some level of special dividends. But recognize that just says that we originally intended to have more of a balance. The special dividend would support or be in favor of the long-term holders who don't intend to sell their shares. So, in some respects, I want to serve all of our shareholders. And so that might be something they would like. So, that would be the reason for that. In terms of regular dividends, we've made the decision that we would look at the regular dividend basically annually. And so our thought was we would leave that till the end of the year. But look, our share count is lower, our debt level is lower. So, we have less money going out for -- on a total on a dividend basis today than we had a year ago. And obviously, we have less debt repayment to make so -- or less interest payments to make. So, I think all of that would go into our dividend increases on our regular dividend plus to make sure that we're paying out what we think is reasonable for the long-term shareholder.
Operator: We can take our next question. Caller your line is open, please go ahead.
Lucas Beaumont: Hi, this is Lucas Beaumont from UBS. I also had a question on Fertilizantes. So, I just wanted to talk about the purchased nutrient volumes there. So, it was up kind of modestly in the second quarter but down a bit over 10% in the first half from last year. So, just given how strong demand has been in Brazil, just wondering if you could sort of tell me why the purchased nutrient volumes there weren't higher and if you could give us your thoughts on how the second half is likely to shape up from a volume perspective?
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, can you repeat that last bit of that? I missed the--
Lucas Beaumont: So, just the purchased nutrient volumes in the second half in Fertilizantes please?
Joc O'Rourke: Well, now we've lost you completely. Lucas, are you still there?
Lucas Beaumont: Yes, I can hear you. Can you guys hear me?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. We can hear you again. Yes. We lost you completely there. You were breaking up, and then we lost you completely. I apologize profusely, but if you could ask again, I'm sorry, we're struggling with the line, I think.
Lucas Beaumont: Probably my accent. The -- so in Fertilizantes, with the purchased nutrient volumes, they were down about 10% year-on-year in the first half. So, I was just wondering why it wasn't stronger given how strong Brazil has been and what you're thinking for an outlook in the second half on purchased nutrient volumes? Thanks
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Lucas, I think that actually has a fairly simple explanation, which is as we have integrated our B2B business and our B2C business, we've tried to focus on selling our B2B product through our own distribution sales system. And so because of that, that is an intercompany transfer and doesn't count towards -- we don't -- we try not to double count the volumes. So, I suspect what you're looking at there is, although purchased nutrient volumes were down, that's because they were replaced by internal volumes from our own B2B business, if you will, or our production business.
Operator: And our next question now. Caller, your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Hi. Joc, nutrients are supposed to be applied in optimal ratio, something called the Liebig's Law of the Minimum. So with potash and nitrogen more constrained than phosphate, does that reduce demand for phosphate even though phosphate is less constrained people aren't going to apply as much because they can't get the nitrogen and potash?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks. Sorry, I didn't pick up the name. Can you repeat your name?
John Roberts: John Roberts from Credit Suisse, sorry.
Joc O'Rourke: Oh, hi John. Okay, I think I got your question. Yeah. So I think there's no question there will be a big deficit in some markets, particularly like you say, potash will be underutilized in a lot of markets, including Asia, West Africa, Europe, probably, et cetera. And likewise, so will nitrogen. I don't know if that would stop people from using or make people use less phosphate. I suspect you would still try to use the right amount of the fertilizers. I know that, obviously, the optimum ratio is best, but -- I guess it's like vitamins. Not having enough vitamin D wouldn't mean you wouldn't want to have enough vitamin C, if you will. So it's probably beyond my agronomic understanding to know if that would have a thing. But we're not looking at any kind of restricted sales because of others. The one thing I will acknowledge on that, though, is if the price of nitrogen gets so high that it takes up a lot of the budget that has historically been a problem for the other nutrients in countries like India, where they tend to over-apply nitrogen. And if it takes up a disproportionate amount of their budget, they could restrict the other uses.
Operator: We'll now take our next question. Caller your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: It's Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Joc, I was hoping to maybe come back to the phosphate business a little bit. And I know you talked a bit earlier about the volumes improving in the back half. But more holistically, just what would it take for you -- the operating rates in your US phosphate business to get back over 85%? They haven't been there in some time. Just trying to -- is it just demand? Is it logistics issues in Florida? I'm just trying to get a sense of -- it seems like there's a lot of under-absorbed overhead and idled and turnaround costs that you're absorbing here that are maybe leading to cost and margins not as robust as they could be?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. Look, I saw that you had asked that question in your pre-stuff, and I was thinking about it a little bit. If I look back the last couple of years, we've had a freeze in Texas that restricted sulfur use, which actually restricted our ability to run. We had Hurricane Ida, which knocked out power in Louisiana for, I think, three or four weeks, et cetera. And if I look at -- and then first quarter of this year -- so we went into the first quarter this year -- so we went into the first quarter this year with low inventory in phosphates. Then we had rail restrictions -- unbelievable rail restrictions. And so while we've built up inventory, it's been very difficult to move the product and hard to -- we've been low on sulfur. Now we're high on sulfur, but it's our turnaround quarter come -- that we've just gone through. And so now as we get there, I am hoping that there's no external factors that continue to push against our southern US location, if you will, and that should be what it takes to get us back to normal. There hasn't been any big internal things that have slowed us down. It's been more of this damage from the hurricane, damage from the ice storms and then -- or not damage, sorry, restrictions from the ice storms, logistics. And actually earlier, at the start of the 18, 24 months you've talked about, actually constrained because of inventory. So we had to shut down plants. But we are looking to more normal as we go forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question now. Caller, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: This is Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. And just wanted to talk a little bit about Ma'aden and your investment there and when we might see the trajectory of profitability increase. Are there any issues with getting ammonia there? And just overall, your outlook for ammonia costs across the business in light of some of the European and Asian curtailments? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. In terms of Ma'aden, our second quarter equity earnings were about $34 million. Our sales attributed to the business was 413,000 tonnes. So while not quite up to what it is ultimately going to hit, it's actually making a positive contribution to us, which is good; and helping us supply our Indian customers, which is also a good thing. We want to see that going to our customers around the world. So overall, I mean, they continue to have a ramp-up plan. It's certainly been slower than we would have loved to see, but that is what it is. Having said all that, though, Ma'aden continues -- in this market, particularly, Ma'aden continues to be highly advantaged with natural gas price and they're paying in the Kingdom of [indiscernible]. That represents an unbelievable sort of structural advantage to that operation. And then the other one is a very low sulfur cost. So one would expect that Ma'aden right now would have a very low actual cost per tonne compared to the rest of the world and probably is now taking its place as the low-cost producer. In terms of ammonia availability, our ammonia availability, I think that was the second part of your question, has been actually unrestricted. We have basically two-thirds to 75% produced between ourselves and our contract with CF and then the rest that we're buying on the open market, which we have long-term agreements and contracts that tend to make that work quite well. And I think if I look back to it, our price for ammonia was in the high-$500 range compared to a $1,200-plus on the market. So we're not only getting the ammonia we need, but we're getting it at a very advantaged price.
Operator: We can now take our next question. Caller your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Hi. Andrew Wong from RBC. So a similar question to Adam's, but on Fertilizantes phosphate production. I recall that business was impacted by some extended turnarounds last year, but it looks like in Q2, production was down versus Q1. And are there still any constraints in that part of the business? And are we setting up for a Q3 seasonal strength which is typically what happens in Brazil? And then, just one follow-up on some of the corporate line items. There was a negative charge there in Q2. Can you talk about that? Was it mostly intersegment sales? And does that reverse in subsequent quarters? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: I'll leave that one to Clint -- the last piece to Clint, but I might -- you might need to specify a little more which one you're talking about. But let's talk about phosphate production in Brazil. I think, Brazil, probably more than anywhere, we've got out of sync with our turnarounds and some of our maintenance because of COVID. And again, these things take time to play out. But we had to delay and minimize a number of turnarounds, and particularly the plants that were impacted the most were probably our Shaw [ph] plant, where we had a couple of failures of equipment that was -- we had the parts sitting there, but because of restrictions that the communities put on us and others, we put off the shutdown too. I think it was supposed to be the third quarter of this year. And then we've had breakdowns of that equipment. And in Tapira, we had a couple of issues with respect to the conveying systems and stuff. And it's just been harder to get them fixed and longer to get them fixed, particularly in Brazil. And so, there's been a bit of a hangover there in Brazil from that. But again, we look like we're all ready for a strong third quarter. And like you say, that's when we're going to need the production to meet market demands that are out in that country.
Clint Freeland: And Andrew, this is Clint. I think to the second part of your question about what you're seeing in the corporate segment, I think the driver of that is intercompany sales. It's profit and inventory, and that typically happens when one business unit makes sales to another business unit, but the final tonnes haven't gone to a third party yet. And we had about 300,000 tonnes move -- in June move from phosphates down to Fertilizantes. And so I think that's what you're seeing in the corporate segment. We do that so that as the results of the individual segments come together for the consolidated number, we need that offset to get all the numbers right. So I think what you're seeing is an internal shipment that occurred in June. And again, that should clear out as Fertilizantes makes that sale.
Operator: And we can now take next question. Caller your line is open. Please, go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. This is Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Two questions. I didn't fully understand your phosphate price guidance for the third quarter. You gave an explicit number for potash. And secondly, in your cash flows from financing activities, if you exclude what you did in terms of debt paydown and share repurchase and dividends, you had a negative $672 million outflow. And the number isn't as negative for the year. But I was wondering, when you net out all of those numbers for 2022, what should they be? And why aren't those numbers in cash flow from operations? So, I guess those are the two questions.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Vincent. I'm -- or sorry, Jeff. Sorry, Jeff. I'm one name off. Jeff, I'm going to let Clint give the first one as he's still trying to figure out what exactly you're -- no, he's ready. I'm going to get -- let Clint and then I'm going to come back and talk to you about the price forecast for phosphates.
Clint Freeland: Yes, Jeff, I think what you're seeing are some of the entries associated with some of the short-term financings that we have – we have not only inventory financing facilities that we use seasonally to finance some of our working capital, but I think some of the other entries that you may be seeing are related to some of the account receivable securitization facilities.  And those are some of our working capital funding mechanisms that we use, again, through the seasons and one of the things, in particular in the second quarter is, as we look at the increase in customer prepayments, particularly down in Brazil, year-to-date, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, year-to-date, that's up about $830 million. And when we look at that, that is a source of working capital financing to us.  And so, as that cash comes in and that typically lands in your cash from operations line. We use that cash to actually replace other sources of working capital financing, like our inventory financing and our AR financing. And so, as we use that basically cost – the interest-free working capital financing from customer prepays to pay off some of those lines that were drawn earlier in the year, what you'll see is a disconnect because the free payments are intact from operations, pen down [ph] short-term lines are down in financing.  And so, what you'll see also though in the back half of the year, as those prepayments reverse out, I think you'll probably start to drawn off of some of those lines and probably see a reversal of what you're seeing through the second quarter. So happy to spend some more time with you and go through that in more detail off-line. But I think that's what you're seeing is some of the -- replacing external third-party financing with customer prepays as those dollars come in and that I would expect kind of those dynamics to reverse out in the back half of the year.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. So Jeff, let me talk a little bit about the phosphate price forecast. And we didn't mean to confuse in any way. I think the challenge is, again, same thing. It depends a little bit on when sales come in. And at this stage, I think we're only about 25% sold and priced for the quarter. So pretty early in the piece in terms of what we expect. So, I guess the way you could look at it is, prices have retreated from where we were in the second quarter slightly and moderated.  And I think we're now at a stable range. So, you can almost look at today's price – if you take the cost of freight from today's published price, you'd be pretty close to where we're -- what we're going to see for the quarter. So, I think that would be the easiest way to look at it. Certainly, I think pricing has come down a bit from quarter two, moderated a little bit, but we expect it to stabilize about where we are and probably stay at about where spot is right now for the quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We can take our next question. Caller, your line is open, please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Hey, it's Chris Parkinson from Mizuho. Just a quick question, just given the outlook for cash flow and certainly appreciate all of your comments about returning to shareholders. But just a quick question outside of some of the modest growth CapEx you're planning. Are there any other meaningful projects at Faustina, Uncle Sam, or anywhere that you're currently assessing to further improve reliability or things you've been kind of looking at for years that are now of interest, or should we just stick with the buyback and the potential for special dividends? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks Chris. Certainly, we're making sure in this stage that we're looking at those reliability projects. I mean, I think we just put in a new reformer in Louisiana for the ammonia plant. Those over time will make a big difference in terms of the reliability, capacity of that plant. We mentioned in Colonsay, we're going to start up the second mill, which has been idled for a couple of years. But these are all $50 million projects. I think in potash, we've got a -- well, as part of our K3 -- the final part of our K3, we'll be building a -- finishing off a compaction unit for that plant, which aligns the production with the needs for compacted product. But beyond that -- so that's sort of where our needs have stayed basically constant despite the K3 number coming down is because we are taking the opportunity to do some of these high-return projects, particularly when at these kind of margins, the payback is so short. So, whether you look at the CTV project where we're going to extend the life of the -- or intending to extend the life and increase the production of our potash unit down there or increasing production at Colonsay, improving reliability at Louisiana, all of those things we're doing, but we expect with these prices, they'll have a very good payback, and it doesn't compromise our intention to give back 100% of what remains to the shareholders.
Operator: We can take our next question. Caller, your line is open, please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Hey, it's Joel from BMO again. Maybe a bit of a tricky sensitive question, but I found interesting with the UAN duties investigation the other week, indicating that there was any damage to the US in UAN industry from subsidized Russian gas. But that wasn't what the determination was in your own DAP/MAP phosphate case. Could there be any future ramifications on your own phosphate duty situation in the States from that?
Joc O'Rourke: Well -- yes, thanks, Joel. We have definitely looked at that. We have had a -- the -- have had a second hearing or another hearing from the -- a judge on this case. And we'll probably know in a month or so if he will refer that back to the ITC. But one has to look at this from the perspective of what are the difference. So the appeal has gone to the US Court of International Trade, and then that goes back to the International Trade Commission to say was their original ruling, was there any -- they have to have an actual error and the ruling or something like that. And so they might refer back to the ITC to look, we actually think that the ruling in ours was fairly substantive and there is not that much question that the -- there was damage to our industry. So from our perspective, we still think there is not too much risk in that -- in the whole thing. And we'll have to see, but our expectation that might get referred back to the ITC in the next two to four months, let's say. And then from what I've understood is the ITC takes quite a while to even look at that. So we won't really know any more on that for a number of months. But our belief is that the facts of each case is quite different. The timing is also quite different. If you remember, we were in 2019, which was very, very -- they pushed the phosphate industry to the brink of negative margins. So a very different case, if you will. So we're quite confident.
Operator: There are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Joc O'Rourke for closing remarks.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, folks. I know it's been a long couple of hours of listening to companies for you, analysts. So I appreciate your time and your attention. To conclude our call, I'd just like to reiterate just a couple of quick messages. First of all, we delivered excellent results in the second quarter, and we expect these strong business conditions to continue well into 2023. We remain committed to meeting our customers' needs and meeting our mission of helping the world grow the food it needs. And at the same time, we think we can do that and be a great provider for our shareholders and return significant capital to our shareholders even as we invest in our business and continue to strengthen our balance sheet. So with that, thank you for joining our call, and have a great safe day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Paul Massoud, Vice President of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis of the Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you. And welcome to our first quarter 2022 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A; Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President of Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2022 earnings discussion. I hope you've had a chance to review our posted slides as well as our news release and performance data, which were made available on our website yesterday. I will provide some additional context before we respond to questions we received last night, and then we'll conclude with a live Q&A Session. Mosaic delivered first quarter net income of $1.2 billion and earnings per share of $3.19. Adjusted EPS was $2.41. And adjusted EBITDA was $1.45 billion. Our results continue to highlight the positive evolution of our business, which reflect the contribution from Brazil. The additional production from the restart of Colonsay and the transition to K3, one of the largest and most efficient potash mines in the world. Phosphate segment adjusted EBITDA totalled $632 million, reflecting the impact of strong pricing, which more than offset higher input costs. Potash also benefited from higher prices, as well as the transition to Esterhazy K3, and the elimination of brine inflow management costs. As a result, segment adjusted EBITDA totalled $651 million. In Brazil, Mosaic Fertilizantes generated first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $233 million, as the team capitalized on a strong market environment and its inventory position, particularly towards the end of the quarter, as seasonal demand began to pick up. Looking forward, we continue to see agricultural market strength extending well beyond 2022. The year began with a tight agricultural market and elevated prices reflecting at 20-year low in global grain and oil seed stock to use ratios. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine has exacerbated the situation and pushed soft commodity prices, even higher. Together, these two countries account for 16% of global grain and oil seed export market. With Ukraine's planting season now at risk in the coming year and Russian crop export potentially also being constrained, the market is grappling with the potential of reduced supply of a number of key crops, which includes wheat and corn, but also oil seeds like soybeans, sunflowers and their respective oil. This situation has amplified food security concerns and is resulting in protectionist government policies that will likely drive commodity prices even higher. As an example, last week, Indonesia placed a temporary ban on exports of palm oil, one of the most commonly used cooking oils in the world to ensure domestic supply. All of this suggests elevated crop prices are likely to persist for the remainder of 2022 and beyond. The strength in crop prices, combined with global fertilizer industry supply constraints, have pushed nutrient prices higher. In potash sanctions against Belarus and uncertainty over Russian exports are having an impact on supply. Global prices have pushed higher as buyers look to secure adequate volumes. The global phosphate market has also priced an uncertainty around Russian supply of both finished products and inputs like ammonia and sulfur. But we are seeing some movement of Russian phosphates today. In addition, China's export restrictions remain in place. While we expect an easing of China's restrictions, we believe phosphate exports will drift lower over time as secular demand trends continue to grow, especially on the industrial side from chemicals and electric vehicle, lithium iron phosphate batteries. On the demand side, we expect global shipments of potash and phosphate to be down from 2021. But the cause of this is availability, not affordability. Consumption will be forced to adjust to available supply. In North America, whether is indicating the possibility of a compressed application season, but growers remain incentivized to maximize yield. Today's crop prices more than offset input cost, which suggests that farmer profitability in 2022 will be at the second highest level in more than a decade. Similarly grower economics have also improved in Brazil, thanks to rising soybean prices. In India farmer demand for nutrients remains very strong, thanks to another good monsoon season and strong global grain prices, but availability is still lagging. In response to stronger grower demand and historically low domestic inventories last week, the government increased fertilizer subsidies. We see this as a positive development that should help to meet some, though likely not all of India's significant pent-up demand. As we look at our business in the context of today's global markets, we remain very optimistic. In potash K3s ramp-up to the initially targeted 5.5 million tonnes per year is now complete. Logistical constraints and winter weather impacted first quarter shipments and production, but these issues appear to be largely behind us. In addition Colonsay, which was down in March as rail constraints forced temporary curtailment is now back online and operating at an expanded run rate of 1.3 million tonnes over our initial target of 1 million tonnes. In the second quarter, we expect sales volumes of 2.4 million to 2.6 million tonnes. Realized prices in the second quarter are expected to be $40 to $60 per tonne higher than realized prices in the first quarter. In phosphates, we expect a recovery in volumes in 2022. Raw material costs have escalated, but we are well supplied to meet our production targets. In ammonia, we continue to benefit from a significant cost advantage thanks to our internal production at Faustina, and our supply agreement with CF Industries. In the first quarter 80% of our ammonia needs were met by tonnes linked directly to Henry Hub [indiscernible] and shielded from the price swings in the global ammonia market. As a result, our first quarter ammonia costs were roughly half of the benchmark prices. In the second quarter, we expect phosphate sales volumes of 1.9 million to 2.1 million tonnes. Our expected sale volumes reflect an improvement in logistics plays somewhat offset by inventories well below historic levels. Second quarter phosphate prices on an fob basis are expected to be $140 to $160 per tonne higher than first quarter prices. Price increases in the quarter are expected to significantly outpace the impact of higher raw material prices on our cost structure. For Mosaic Fertilizantes we expect the business to continue reflecting the favorable market backdrop and our transformational efforts over the last two years. Seasonal demand began picking up late in the first quarter and should continue through the software season. We expect to benefit as potash inventories, which were built during the fourth quarter begin shipping to customers. We are seeing inflation affect our cost structure, but believe ongoing optimization should offset much of the impact. Given the direction of our business we anticipate generating significant earnings and free cash flow in 2022, returning capital to shareholders remains a key part of our strategy. We continue to expect returning up to 75% of our free cash to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, including the $463 million returned in the first quarter of 2022. We completed the $400 million accelerated share repurchase program announced last quarter and continued to repurchase shares through our existing authorization. As a reminder, last quarter our Board also approved a new $1 billion authorization. In the area of balance sheet strength we remain committed to reducing long-term debt by $1 billion. Part of that target was met with the retirement of $450 million last year, and we expect to reach the finish line later this year when another $550 million of long-term debt reaches maturity. Given our look for the year, we expect will also be able to continue investing wisely and efficiently in our business. We seek out high return, modest investments in areas like enlarging our footprint in Brazil, expansion of MicroEssentials, and investments in soil health and biologics. With recent disruptions to fertilizer supply, a situation we believe could extend for some time. We are also actively exploring de-bottlenecking opportunities to increase our fertilizer production as quickly as possible. In potash, we've already raised Colonsay's annual run rate to 1.3 million tonnes, up from our initial restart target of 1 million tonnes, and we see a path to reach 1.8 to 2 million tonnes in the second half of 2023 through the restart of Colonsay's second mill. At Esterhazy, we are exploring the de-bottlenecking of the mills, which could add several hundred thousand tonnes by the second half of next year. In total, these initiatives could add roughly 1.5 million tonnes of potash production by the end of 2023. The cost for all these projects is expected to be less than $100 million. In North American phosphates we expect production to be roughly 1 million tonnes higher than the 2021 production total of 7.3 million tonnes. As headwinds experience last year addressed, and our assets run at more normal rates. In Brazil we are pushing for improved recovery from our phosphate mines, and we're exploring the expansion of our Taquari mine that increases production and extends its life. In total when one considers our footprint in North America, our production in Brazil and our allocation of [indiscernible] finished product. By the end of 2023, we have the potential to see operating rates close to 25 million tonnes of total finished product well above our 2021 production total of 19.7 million tonnes. We take our mission of helping the world grow the food it needs very seriously. We believe that geopolitical issues that have impacted global supply during the first quarter will not be reversed any time soon. As a result, we are pulling every lever we have to efficiently raise our production rates to help offset the supply shortages from other sources in ways that also creates value for shareholders. With that let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call.
A - Paul Massoud: Thanks Joc. Before we open lines for the live Q&A, we're going to address some of the most common questions we received last night after our materials were released. Our first question is on the issue of the potash market, and the geopolitical issues that are impacting supply. What is Mosaic assuming for global supply and where replacement tonnes might be coming from?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Together Belarus and Russia represent close to 40% of the global potash market. Their absence is nearly impossible to replace and today's prices reflect that. Belarus remains sanctioned and our previous assumption of those tonnes coming back midyear appears optimistic as most or all of their exports will be curtailed due to logistics. Russia is another factor following the invasion of Ukraine, while some tonnes are making it to market the Swiss system expulsion makes shipment and transactions difficult. We expect that some buyers especially in Asia and South America will try to work around the hurdles, but they can't all be overcome. Remaining producers will struggle to make up those tonnes in your term. That's why we are pushing ahead with our de-bottlenecking plan and expect others to do the same. We are expecting a tight potash market to extend well beyond 2022.
Paul Massoud: A follow up question on this issue. How much can Mosaic raise volumes to help fill the gap? Specifically what is Mosaic doing to add those incremental 1.5 million tonnes?
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Paul. We are actively increasing productive capacity in our potash business. We're already running assets at a 10.8 million tonne run rate with the ramp-up of K3 and running Colonsay at 1.3 million tonnes per annum. As we move forward, we have project teams actively working on two additional miners for Esterhazy, the de-bottlenecking of the Esterhazy mill and the restart of the second Colonsay mill.
Paul Massoud: Joc some have asked about the potash price guidance for the second quarter. Can you elaborate on what is reflected in those figures?
Joc O'Rourke: Our price guidance of $40 to $60 per tonne increase over Q1 does include some conservatism. First, we are seeing today's market prices, but our realization timing will depend on our railways ability to return to normal rates. We believe the sooner rail returns to normal, the sooner our price realization will reflect a shorter lag to market pricing.
Paul Massoud: Let's shift focus to nutrient affordability, our growers beginning to hesitate given the level of fertilizer prices?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Paul. If there's anything that's inhibiting grower demand its availability of nutrients, not affordability. With near-term corn at $8.20 a bushel, near term soybeans at $16 plus a bushel and palm oil at MYR 7,000 to MYR 8,000 per tonne, global growers are seeing solid profitability levels. In North America, buyer behavior is focused on near-term applications. Weather has forced a compressed planting season but today's crop prices suggest growers will continue seeking maximum yields. In Brazil, grower appetite for fertilizers is quite strong especially with recent crop price moves and a slightly weakening Brazilian real. In India, a good monsoon is predicted and the government has just raised importer subsidies last week. If there's a threat to consumption, it's the lack of supply across both PNK, but global demand is there if the tonnes are available.
Paul Massoud: Clint, this last question is for you. Can you discuss our capital priorities for 2022?
Clint Freeland: Sure. Thanks Paul. So as we think about 2022, I don't think our capital allocation priorities have changed. I think we continue to look for ways to strengthen our business through prudently investing, as well as strengthening our balance sheet as we've spoken about in the past. And I think as we look toward the balance of the year and our expectations around earnings and cash flow, I think there's an opportunity to return a significant amount of cash to shareholders as we've spoken about in the past. I think as we look at our capital investment program, I think we're finding opportunities to improve reliability, to find opportunities for de-bottlenecking, to again be able to produce at elevated levels given the market environment that we're in today. Also I think we have an opportunity to hit our debt target later this year with the maturity of another $550 million in debt that would get us to the $1 billion debt reduction target. And again as we look at the balance of the year and our expectations for the amount of free cash flow that we should generate, we should also be able to return a significant amount of cash to shareholders in line with what we've spoken about earlier.
Paul Massoud: Well thank you everyone. And with that I want to open it up to live Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. I'm curious to hear your view on any potential shifts in the global phosphate industry with respect to the production of DAP versus MAP versus TSP, and maybe that's really more applicable to some of your competitors that don't have your ammonia cost advantage. Could this lead to more applications of TSP does that – does that satisfy grower needs, and could this lead to maybe a premium price for DAP that could be to your advantage?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Steve. Good morning. Absolutely we expect that with the ammonia shortage globally there will be a shift in some situations to TSP, and we understand that our Moroccan competitor is already shifting some of their production towards TSP. Again, the idea there being that we – they maximize the amount of phosphate fertilizer that gets to market with this exact issue of decrease in ammonia supply. This doesn't really impact us, of course, because of our very solid supply of ammonia. What I would also say, I guess your second part of your question was, is this mean a premium for DAP? I wouldn't really expect a premium, but it probably will mean that it will be the first to sell right now at this stage; any fertilizer is probably pretty easy to sell. So I suspect there will be a pretty good price for TSP right now as we've seen in the market.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you. Just given all the debate pertaining to the longevity of the potash shortfall, what are your team's latest thoughts in terms of the potential shortfall from Russian producers you are calling Euro Chem just given obviously you're assumption for domestic demand, rail capacity at China as well as Baltic ports? And then also probably more importantly Belarus and Calais. So just how is your team basically balancing those shortfalls? Not only for 2022 but what are your expectations within a reasonable range for 2023 and 2024? Thank you very much.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks Chris. I think in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that our reg – sorry, our original expectation was that the Belarusian sanctions might come off towards the middle of the year and past. As we look at it now, we don't see how that will be resolved, especially now with Belarus working with the Russians in terms of the invasion of Ukraine and that being a starting point for their – some of their invasions. So what, as we look forward we see a fairly large gap this year. I think we've talked about 8 million tonnes of exports being lost from Belarus and around 2 million tonnes from Russia. We think the Russians will find ways to get things out by probably next year. And so in 2023, we still expect Belarusian sanctions, but we think at least the Russians will find more ways to get their product to market. So maybe it'll be a two-year problem and then even then it probably will take two to four years after that for the deficit to catch up.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. My first question is, are there any Belarusian tonnes that are now traveling by ocean freight? And if there are, out of which Russian port are they moving from? And secondly, for Clint, accounts payable I think went down $400 million sequentially. Why is that? And where should payables be?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks Jeff. Well, let me start. I just mentioned that we expect BPC will reduce their exports by about 8 million tonnes, and that means that probably what they're going to ship this year has already been shipped or at least the vast majority of it. We have not seen or heard or been able to track down any BPC tonnes on ocean-born freight. The only tonnes we've heard that have been exported is early in the piece there was some export by rail through a very circuitous route through to China, but I think even that is dried up now completely. And Clint I’ll leave it there.
Clint Freeland: Yes. Thanks Joc, and thanks Jeff. Jeff, I think what you're seeing is a combination of a couple of things. Typically in our first quarter we have kind of a seasonal dynamic where we have payables and accrued liabilities from the previous year. Things like Canadian taxes payable, things like compensation payables. We also have as an example in the fourth quarter, as the Brazil distribution business is building up its inventory and in advance of season, a lot of those payables come due in the first quarter. So I think there's a seasonal dynamic to our working capital that you're seeing, and I would expect that to normalize as we go through the year.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews [Morgan Stanley]. Please state your firm name. Your lines open. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Wanted to get your guy’s sense of how summer fill is going to play out this year and just sort of in terms of where do your customers in North America, what's their desire to hold inventory and to build inventory over the summer. And you think they'll have to be incentivized with price or some type of indexation? Or is the demand there that that they're just going to be confident that the price will stay elevated all the way through the summer and into fall? And then Clint, if I could just ask a follow-up on the working capital, can you remind us how these higher ammonia prices flow through your working capital? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Vincent. Let me start by giving you just a quick update on what we think is going to happen in the summer fill program, and working capital. I'll hand some of that over to Jenny as well, and then working capital probably Clint can address that. First of all the summer fill program, we're already seeing probably good confidence in the potash market that our buyers are coming to the table and looking for product for summer fill. I think they're with the high level of uncertainty of supply through Belarus and Russia that there really is an understanding that there will be a very strong demand and probably tough to get products. So we're seeing people come to the market quickly for that. In phosphates, I think there's a little more hesitation because there's a little more uncertainty, whether the Russian tonnes will get two markets and whether we'll be able to supply all of their needs. But in general we don't see a huge discounting coming through in the summer for either product. As a matter of fact we expect that there'll be pretty strong demand and it'll be pretty tight in the U.S. going into summer and then through into fall. Jenny, any comments from you?
Jenny Wang: Yes. I think probably Joc, I just want to add one point related to the phosphate. Like you said, the customers being cautious of phosphate, they're also watching when the Chinese government is going to losing control on export and which will define their ability to step into the market. I fully agree with you that the demand is going to be very strong and we have seen the signals from the customers already.
Joc O'Rourke: And then in terms of the working capital in our ammonia, I'm going to hand that straight to Clint, but obviously it does play in our finished products inventory, as well as raw materials that we hold.
Clint Freeland: That's right, Joc. It actually moves through our working capital in a few different spots over kind of the evolution of buying raw materials through actually delivering and receiving payment from customers. So raw materials globally in total when you look at our inventory balance is depending on price environment it can be anywhere from $200 million to $400 million. I think it tends to be a little bit on the high end of that right now, given the pricing environment that we're in. But then as we use those raw materials, it'll go into inventory, but it'll go into inventory finished product at cost, and so it'll migrate obviously into that account. When we sell it though, and that's again at cost and so it's still a relatively small number, that'll really be driven by volume of finished product. But once we sell and deliver it to customers, then it goes into our receivables and that's where you see the full price of the finished good. And that's where you will tend to see the receivables grow pretty materially, because embedded in there is also our margin on top of the cost. So I would say it travels really through our raw material inventory, then into finished product at a full costing and then into our receivables balance at kind of full sale price to our customer.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping, maybe dig a little bit more on capital allocation and I think the comments on 2022 and the desire to return cash are pretty clear. Small step up in growth investments, and I guess I'm just trying to think on a multiyear basis if high prices, high levels of profitability and cash persisted, kind of where that desire for growth investment and the capacity for growth investments would be? Just in terms of things that have been in progress or things on the drawing board, long lead equipment that you might have been looking at. Just trying to think about if this is a – if we're – this is the beginning of the next fertilizer cycle, just how Mosaic can be participating from an investment perspective at that growth?
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, go into the wrong way. Sorry. Thanks, Adam. In terms of this year, let's start there. Our capital allocation strategy hasn't changed this year at all. Our goals remain the same. Strong balance sheet, we want to make sure we do take down the $1 billion of debt. We want to continue to invest in our business and we've got some really good, attractive, short term investments that we can make to increase production on the short term. And of course, because of that increased sales. And then the majority, of course, we expect this year, we're going to return to shareholders. In terms of looking at this from a multiyear perspective at this stage, we don't see anything in the large investment range that we think is going to give our shareholders, our stakeholders superior value. So we're focusing on those minor capital, high return, brownfield type projects, debottlenecking investor Hazy Mills, increasing the number of mining machines at are K3 mine, restarting the Colonsay second mill et cetera, and growing our footprint in Brazil. We think those are a much better way to add significant value to our shareholders over the midterm.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar. Please state your firm name. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning. Quick question on your reserve additions in phosphate at Fort Mead. Does that only increase reserves or is it also production? And then I have a question for Jenny about the China phosphate. And you mentioned LFP battery for a couple of orders. Is LFP that big part of the phosphorous market in China? I mean, I'm wondering if you have any numbers around that. Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, P.J. Let me start with the reserves. The Fort Mead reserves, I think, you're referring to as our South Fort Meade, Eastern extension. And this is a normal part of the ongoing development of our phosphate business. So we're constantly buying new land, bringing in new reserves to our system. And what that does is that allows this business to run and sustainably for, you know, a long, long time. I'd like to say we – I came to the company and I think we had 35 to 40 years of reserves. And we have 35 to 40 years of reserves, 15 years later. So you can see where every year we're adding new reserves. So this is a big new area. But it's not expected to increase production per se, but to extend the life of our operations and our quality rock for many years to come. In terms of lithium iron phosphate batteries, Jenny is right up on the supply and demand and what China has been doing particularly on that front. So I'm going to hand it over to Jenny directly.
Jenny Wang: Thanks Joc. Yes, P.J., we started to talk about the LFP production in China last year. In the background of increases of electrical vehicle, and also the increases of the adoption of LFP in the EV battery. And this year for the first quarter, we are seeing more than doubled EV penetration to start with. And second thing we are seeing more than doubled adoption of LFP battery in the EV adoption. Therefore the total LFP production in the first quarter this year has been more than doubled than the same time of last year. And it is reaching to the half of the total production in 2021. So we are seeing significant increases of LFP production, which are taking away of P205 from the fertilizer MAP, DAP production. And lastly, I want to say, from the latest issue with Chinese policy, which was issued on the 7 of April, the government has strictly controlled the new addition of MAP, DAP and the yellow phosphorus production capacity. So, with that new restriction, we are going to foresee further reduction of fertilizer, MAP, DAP, with the shift of the P205 to other industrial use, especially LFP.
Joc O'Rourke: And let me remind you P.J. that while electric vehicles have been the focus, stationary batteries for wind and solar power becoming more and more important because of the variability of those power sources. And while the nickel CAD, lithium nickel cobalt batteries are probably smaller and lighter if you've got a non-restricted area, these lithium iron phosphates may be the long-term solution.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: Hi, good morning. I have two questions. First is on potash run rate and production. Now that Colonsay and K3 have been fully ramped up, should we expect operating rates to get back closer to 90%? Or maybe said another way, like what's the potential production from the 11 million tonne run rate on operational capacity. And then my second question is on [indiscernible] now that we've seen phosphate and ammonia prices moving up pretty significantly, what's the profit generating potential out of [indiscernible]? And then, do you have any thoughts on participating in [indiscernible]? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Potash run rate, as you say, 10.8 million tonnes per annum, which is 1.3 million tonnes out of Colonsay now. In terms of Esterhazy, it's running at its 5.5 million tonne, basic capacity, where we will be adding another two mining machines to Esterhazy. So, that will go up a little bit from that as we not only complete, but optimize the run rate at there. So overall, if you took a 90% or 85% operating factor, you're probably in that 9 million to 9.5 million tonnes of potash capacity right now. And looking to move up from there as we look at increasing the Colonsay capacity to almost two million tonnes and Esterhazy, probably from the 5.5 million tonnes up to the 6.5 million tonnes. In terms of [indiscernible] profitability, I'm going to have to hand that over to Clint, because I don't know the exact number, but I will tell you that [indiscernible] is now profitable and they are contributing to our bottom line. However, you also need to note that [indiscernible], results are one quarter delayed. We only see one quarter behind. So there is a little bit of a lag there from the overall. But what Clint, do you want to talk about that?
Clint Freeland: Yes, no happy to. As you said, we remember that, that it is on a one quarter delay, but this quarter for the first quarter, which is representative of Q4 last year. Equity earnings for [indiscernible] was about $30 million to $31 million. So as Joc said, it is now profitable. I think we also keep in mind that because there's no cash to Mosaic associated with it at this point maybe a year or two ago, we remove that from our EBITDA calculation. So that's something to keep in mind as well as we go forward.
Joc O'Rourke: Right. Good point. Operator next question
Operator: Thank you. Yes. And our next question is from Ania Isaacson [ph] from Scotia Bank. Your line is open. Ania Isaacson [ph] your line is open.
Joc O'Rourke: I believe that's Ben Isaacson operator.
Operator: And our next question is from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yes, good morning. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about your retail operations down in Brazil. There's been some talk potentially consumption for the country might be off 20% or as much. How is your retail business down there handling it? And what does it mean also for your wholesale business in terms of the type of margin opportunities that are there, if there's trouble attracting getting the import in for whatever reason?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Well let me say yes, in fact, Brazil probably will be one of the areas that we'll have some trouble getting all of the fertilizer they may want or need. We have seen record fertilizer demand in Brazil year-over-year for a number of years now. Likely that growth will probably stop or at least slow down a lot this year because of availability, not because of demand. However, when you look at our business, with our extremely good link in to ourselves, to our phosphate business and our link to CompuTax for our potash. We expect that our – we will actually have a pretty good opportunity because we'll be one of the retail/distribution businesses. It's very well supplied through this, and we've probably already seen some of that in that we had a very good inventory going into the start of the year. And now as the demand is picking up, we're there to take advantage of that. Overall, however, there will be probably some people in Brazil that won't get the product they need or want.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Josh Spector from UBS. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Luca Spadafora: Good morning. This is Luca Spadafora on for Josh. So I just wanted to go back to sort of what's seen from customers currently if you could bit. So in terms of sort of them being willing to kind of contract with Russia and Bela-Russia producers since the onset of the conflict. So I mean are contracts still being concluded or is that sort of completely dried up? And if it's in the process of drying up, is that kind of you think the volumes are going to kind of slow further there? And then just sort of as a second part, kind of that I was trying to think about, like, what's your incentive to kind of push tonnes at the moment into China and India, where of the pricing sort of 550 versus the sort of much higher net back pricing you can get in Brazil or sort of in North America. So as you kind of get any more incremental tonnes available, is there anything you can do to kind of push that into the more profitable markets given the tight supply situation? And could we sort of see a two-tier market there develop between sort of what's between going to Asia, as you mentioned earlier and sort of the higher, more profitable markets? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. I'm not sure I fully understood your first question. Are you asking about the China and India contracts with Russia? On the first part of your question on, will those contracts dry up? If you've been muted, I'm going to assume that was your question, Luca. Okay. So thank you, Luca. On the first part of the question, which is, are the contracts with Russia and China, China-India, likely to dry up? Certainly in China, we have not seen the Chinese renew contracts with Bela-Russia or Russia. So other than the product coming by rail over the Euro mountain range, which is limited in volume to about a 1.5 million tonnes a year, we're not seeing, Russian or Bela-Russian tonnage come to China. In terms of India, we have seen phosphates make its way to India from Russia. So one would assume that the Russians will also try to move potash to India if they are looking for places where they can sell that product. In terms of the second piece of your question, you really only need to look at last year when the price to China and India was significantly lower than the market. And what we did was exactly what you said. We certainly made all of our commitments to those markets, but beyond our basic commitments to the markets any extra tonnes we move to to more profitable, higher priced markets. And there are significant opportunities for that this year. Last year, India actually renegotiated some of its pricing because of that. And you could see that happening again this year in both China and India if the prices as they are persist.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Your next question comes from the line of Adrien Tamagno from Berenberg. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Adrien Tamagno: Hello. Good morning. I have a question on ammonia. Can you remind us what is beyond the CF Agreement? I believe it could be extended until 2032, but if you can remind us what needs to happen for this agreement to extend until then that will be helpful. And in addition, do you have any options to increase your captive ammonia production more meaningfully. Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes thanks, Adrian. Well, let me start with the CF contract. The CF contract was written as an eight-year contract and with the option to extend at mutual agreement. So whether we would extend or not really depends on what the market looks like at the time. I would expect though, because from a physical perspective this is a good partnership. It's good for them and it's good for us. And I suspect we'll find a way to extend that beyond the original eight years. Yes, in terms of our captive production of ammonia at Faustina, we have looked at de-bottlenecking that a few times in the past. And I guess at these prices, it's probably we're, re-looking at that, but it's an older plant and we're not sure that that would necessarily be the best place to be investing money right now.
Operator: Thank you, presenters. There are no further question at this time. I'd like to turn it back over to Joc for any closing remarks.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Well, thank you all for all your questions. To conclude our call, I would like to reinforce some of our key points. First, this was a very good quarter for Mosaic and our outlook for the remainder of 2022 remains strongly positive. We expect fertilizer supply to remain extremely tight for the foreseeable future as global crop prices, support demand and with these geopolitical situations restricting both fertilizer production and trade flows, we expect this to continue for some time. At Mosaic, our mission to help the world grow the food it needs has never been more important than it is today. And we are working to produce every possible tonne of fertilizers so that we can help farmers around the world to maximize their production. And in that we are confident that we can do our part while creating significant value for all of you, our shareholders. Thank you for joining our call. Have a good and safe day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today’s call is Paul Massoud, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jenny Wang, Senior Vice President of Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. Statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our press release and performance data also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2021 earnings discussion. I hope you’ve had a chance to review our posted slides as well as our news release and performance data, which were made available on our website yesterday. I will provide some additional context before we respond to questions we received last night and then we will conclude with a live Q&A session. Mosaic delivered excellent financial performance in 2021 with total EBITDA for the year of $3.6 billion, our highest total since Mosaic listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Adjusted earnings per share, was $5.04, the highest since 2011. Our results were a reflection of strong performance across all of our segments. Phosphate segment adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.7 billion, over 200% higher than the segment’s total in 2020, reflecting strong pricing and growth in MicroEssentials, which more than offset the production impacts of Hurricane Ida. Potash segment adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.3 billion, up 78% from the prior year as pricing, increased output from K3 and the reset at Colonsay largely mitigated the closure at K1 and K2. In Brazil, Mosaic Fertilizantes generated adjusted EBITDA of $821 million, up 74% from the prior year as the team capitalized on strong demand, a trend that we expected and drove our decision to acquire Fertilizantes 4 years ago. In 2021, Mosaic Fertilizantes was able to achieve its $200 million transformational EBITDA improvement target over a year ahead of schedule. These results highlight the decisions we have made over the last decade that has strengthened the business. Most significant has been the construction of K3, which at full capacity will be one of the largest, most efficient and automated potash mines in the world. Assuming a net investment consistent with what we discussed at our 2019 Analyst Day, at today’s prices, K3’s payback period can be measured in months rather than years. Also in potash, we successfully restarted Colonsay and reached our targeted annual run-rate of 1 million tons during the fourth quarter. Colonsay’s fourth quarter cash cost averaged $85 per ton, well below our pre-idled cost of $100 a ton despite higher price-driven taxes and royalties. In Brazil, our acquisition of Mosaic Fertilizantes in 2018 followed by the team’s transformational work to improve margins, has driven significant shareholder value. At the time of the transaction, pro forma EBITDA was less than $70 million. Our 2021 results show that we have been able to optimize that business through integration and transformational share gains and co-product sales. In our phosphate business, performance products, primarily higher margin MicroEssentials, now account for more than 40% of the segment’s finished product sales volumes. All of these decisions, combined with strong execution, put us in a position to benefit from 2021’s favorable market backdrop and improve Mosaic’s financial position. In 2021, Mosaic retired $450 million of long-term debt, raised the annual dividend by 50%, and repurchased nearly $0.5 billion in shares. Looking forward, we continue to see agricultural market strength extending through 2022. Global demand for grain and oilseeds remains high, while stock-to-use ratios are at the lowest point in more than a decade. Food security concerns and rising bio-fuel consumption are driving demand for corn and soybean as well as rice, wheat, coffee, palm oil and other agricultural commodities. These dynamics are sustaining agricultural commodity prices. It’s the strength in crop markets, combined with global industry supply constraints that have pushed fertilizer prices higher. Global supply disruptions from 2021 are expected to continue impacting the global market in 2022. In potash, sanctions against Belarus are beginning to have a profound impact on supply. Global buyers are beginning to acknowledge this, including India and China, which both signed contracts with Canpotex at $590 per ton to ensure they have adequate supply for 2022. In phosphates, the secular shift of Chinese supply away from exports towards domestic agriculture and industrial consumption is expected to outlast the short-term export ban currently in place. Over time, we believe domestic demand will drive China’s phosphate exports lower as secular demand trends continue to grow, especially on the industrial side from chemicals and electric vehicles, lithium-ion phosphate batteries. Globally, strong demand over the last 18 months resulted in many producers delaying maintenance downtime to meet customer needs, which will have to be addressed at some point. On the demand side, farmer economics in most global growing regions remains constructive. Inflation and input costs are impacting profitability, but recent increases in crop prices are improving farmer economics for 2022, even if that estimated profitability remains below the 2021 record levels. As we head into North American spring planting season, we are seeing normal buyer behavior as demand continues to reflect strong underlying crop prices. In Brazil, fertilizer shipments in 2022, appears set to equal last year’s record-setting total. Grower economics are improving, thanks to rising crop prices, credit availability and a favorable exchange rate. In India, while farmer demand remains very strong, availability is still lagging. This month, the Indian government released its initial budget for nutrient subsidies, highlighting the Indian government’s willingness to respond to market condition with revisions. Given depleted Indian inventories, we see India as a source of pent-up demand, which should see phosphate and potash consumption growth in 2022. As we look at our business in the context of today’s global markets, we remain very optimistic. In potash, K3’s ramp up is expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter, meaning it will reach full capacity under budget and 2 years ahead of schedule. When combined with Belle Plaine and a full year of production from Colonsay, we expect higher production in 2022 with production costs trending lower as the year progresses. In the first quarter, we expect sales volume of 1.8 million to 2 million tons, with average realized FOB prices more than $125 per ton higher than prices realized in the fourth quarter. In phosphates, we also expect a recovery in volume in 2022 following last year’s production curtailments related to sulfur shortage in the second quarter and Hurricane Ida in the third and fourth quarters. We expect to see input cost inflation in 2022, especially related to our open market purchases of sulfur and ammonia. But in ammonia, we continue to benefit from two-thirds of our needs being met by internal production and our supply agreement with CF Industries. In the first quarter, we expect phosphate sales volumes of 1.6 million to 1.8 million tons. Our expected sales volumes reflect supply chain constraints as well as low inventories at the start of the year because of Hurricane Ida. Average realized FOB prices are expected to be more than $60 per ton higher than prices realized in the fourth quarter somewhat offset by higher input costs. For Mosaic Fertilizantes, we expect the business to continue reflecting the favorable market backdrop and our transformation efforts in 2022. Sustained grower demand and improved market positioning should continue to drive results. We are seeing inflation affect our cost structure, but believe our transformation initiatives should offset much of the impact. Given the direction of our business, we anticipate generating significant earnings and free cash flow in 2022. With that in mind, it is imperative that we allocate capital wisely across our three strategic focus areas of capital return to shareholders, balance sheet strength and investing in the business. Returning capital to shareholders will be a key focus in 2022. Over the coming year, we anticipate returning most of our free cash flow, up to 75% to shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. At today’s price, we believe our shares represent compelling value given the dynamics we are seeing. To underscore this point, we will be initiating a $400 million accelerated share repurchase program in the coming days. After the ASR, we will have repurchased approximately $830 million against our $1 billion authorization established last August. We plan to exhaust the remaining portion of that authorization through open-market purchases. As a result, Mosaic’s Board has approved a new $1 billion repurchase authorization, which goes into effect after the current program is completed. The ASR and our new authorization together represent about 8% of our market capitalization. Combining both authorizations represents approximately 12% of our current market cap. In addition to share repurchases, Mosaic’s Board has also approved raising the regular annual dividend from $0.45 to $0.60 per share beginning in the second quarter. This is the third regular dividend hike in the last 12 months and reflects our confidence in the long-term strength of the business. In the area of balance sheet strength, we remain committed to reducing long-term debt by $1 billion. Last year, we retired $450 million, which will use $550 million left towards our ultimate goal. This coincides with $550 million of long-term debt that matures later this year. It is also important to note that our working capital needs tend to grow as our end markets strengthen. Because of this, we have expanded our working capital lending facilities by $375 million to help us more efficiently manage our liquidity. Given our outlook for the year, we expect we’ll also be able to continue investing wisely and efficiently in our business, even as we return the majority of our capital to shareholders. Over the last 5 years, the value created by key investments, like accelerated construction of K3, the acquisition of Mosaic Fertilizantes and the development and growth of MicroEssentials, speaks for itself. Looking forward, we will continue to seek out high returning investments, but our focus is not on large scale greenfield projects. Rather, we believe better return can be realized in areas like enlarging our footprint in Brazil, expansion of MicroEssentials and investment in soil health and biologics. In the last area, we are seeing very promising results. As an example, through our partnership with BioConsortia, field trials of the first-generation nitrogen fixing formulation for corn has shown promising results that we believe are as good as anything available in the market today. And we believe further development can result in a best-in-class nitrogen solution for growers in the next 2 years. We will have exclusive rights to that product when it comes to market in the Americas, China and India, key growing regions that want to reduce their nitrogen cost. This is just one example of many partnerships as we continue to explore grower solutions across biologicals and soil health and we continue to do this through small, efficient investments that establish exclusive rights partnerships like with BioConsortia or give us access to entire product portfolios as is the case with our recent investment in Plant Response, a small ag technology company that develops and commercializes plant and soil health products. In total, we have invested approximately $50 million over the last 2 years to build the foundation for an exciting future portfolio of value-add products that our customers are asking for. We anticipate having more to share on these investments over time. These moves emphasize our commitment to disciplined capital allocation. We will remain flexible in our approach, continuing to evaluate compelling opportunities that strengthen our business over the long-term, optimize our balance sheet and return significant capital to shareholders. Finally, a discussion of the future of our business would be incomplete without including an update on some of the initiatives we have taken to make sure we continue to operate sustainably. Over the last year, we have made significant progress towards our ESG performance targets originally set in 2020, so much so that we have set even higher targets. In the area of carbon emissions, Mosaic has set a target of being net zero at its Florida operations by 2030 and globally by 2040. For diversity and inclusion, we set new goals for 2030 around the issues of race, gender and community support. Our global goals ensure that our actions are purposeful, sustainable and measurable as we seek to operate our business, while also helping to build a more inclusive culture where all of our employees can thrive. With that, let’s move on to the Q&A portion of the call.
Paul Massoud: Thanks, Joc. Before we open the lines to the live Q&A, we are going to address some of the most common questions we received last night after our materials were released. To speed things along, we won’t identify each individual analyst, because many submitted similar questions. Our first question is on the issue of the potash market in Belarus. How should investors think about the impact of sanctions on the global market?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. First, the potash market was already tight before any sanctions came into place. Higher crop prices, higher demand for fertilizer globally has led to a tightness in this market that was driving higher prices before the Belarusian sanctions. The Belarusian sanctions have simply exacerbated and made the tightness more serious. In terms of the length of the sanctions, we really don’t know and there is no obvious immediate resolution to that issue right now sort of maybe a regime change, I can’t see how that issue is going to be resolved. In terms of the shortfall, we believe it could be anywhere from a few million tons in the best case scenario to as much as 8 million tons if the sanctions remain all through the year. Our base case we are working on right now is that there will be about a 4 million ton deficit this year. Now, the best evidence for this from our perspective is not what we see, but what our buyers are saying. Our buyers are signaling that this issue could be longer lasting than some of our producers have suggested. India and China both signed 2022 contracts of $590 for longer durations than the previous 6-month contracts. And we are hearing similar sentiment from our other global customers. They cannot get the tonnage. And if they can, there is no method to pay for with U.S. banks. So, it’s fair to assume that every producer is likely already evaluating every economic ton that they can get out to the market, including us. But remember, in addition to maximizing and increasing tonnage, we cannot forget about the supply chain constraints. To substantially increase our logistics capability, producers will need more railcars or port capacity and all of this takes time and capital to overcome.
Paul Massoud: A follow-up question on this issue: how much can Mosaic raise volumes to help fill the gap? Specifically, what run-rates are you targeting and is there any potential upside in the near term?
A - Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you. Before the sanctions, Mosaic’s targeted run-rate by the end of the first quarter was about 10.5 million tons. And let me just quickly give you the breakup of that. Esterhazy in its existing form, we believe can run a consistent, sustainable 5.5 million tons; Belle Plaine, around 3 million tons; Colonsay before the shutdown was running somewhere around 1 million to 1.5 million tons, and we will find the right spot for that this year. That gives us an MLP tonnage of around 9.5 million to 10 million tons available today and then K-Mag at just a little over 700,000 tons takes our total to about 10.5 million tons of sustainable production capability. So as we look forward, what can we do to push our capabilities? We know we have some latent capacity at Colonsay and we are looking right now on how we can do a little extra development to put some mining panels into place that were shutdown a few years ago. In terms of K3, the run-rate of 5.5 million tons, we think we could run a little more than that and that will play out as we start getting more and more mining areas running and we get the 11th miner in position. The other issue at Esterhazy, we think, we think there is some pretty good debottlenecking projects that we are already studying and we believe some of those will lead to a little better tonnage coming out of Esterhazy. In terms of Belle Plaine, we believe it’s running pretty much at its maximum right now. So the easy tonnages will come from debottlenecking, Colonsay getting more miners into higher production panels and then pushing K3 and doing the small debottlenecking projects that come at the end of a long capital project.
Paul Massoud: Joc, the next issue is on the broader phosphate market in China, in particular. How much will China export this year? And could that export ban be lifted early?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. We think China exports could be down as much as 2.5 million tons this year to about 9 million tons. We do expect that the ban could be lifted as early as the ending of the planting season. And we have to expect that at today’s prices, it wouldn’t be surprising to see China’s producers try to benefit from that high-price environment. But we do think that annual exports are going to continue to trend lower over time. Secular domestic demand in China will pull increasingly large amounts of phosphates away from the export market. And we cannot ignore industrial uses. Battery growth and domestic fertilizers will take precedence over exports, and we expect the Chinese government will continue to force suppliers to prioritize domestic demand.
Paul Massoud: Our next question focuses on farmer economics. And I think this one’s for you, Jenny. Our grower economics now at the point where nutrient demand destruction is a real threat to the market.
Jenny Wang: At today’s crop prices around all major growing regions, we are seeing farmers’ economics and affordability are very constructive. In the – it is probably lower than last year’s level, but it is far above the historical average. In North America, we are seeing customers and farmers behavior are as normal as the pre-spring season. In Brazil, especially over the last few weeks as sodium price rise, we are seeing very strong customer buying happening in the country. And in India, we expect the government is going to do, again, readjust their subsidy level in order to support their farmers’ demand to phosphate and potash as they did last year. If there is any threat to the consumption of demand, it is probably because of lack of availability across both phosphate and potash. And the global demand is there if the tons are available.
Paul Massoud: Joc, we’ve received quite a few questions on phosphate first quarter guidance. 1.6 million to 1.8 million tons seems like compared to history. What’s happening there? Is the lower sales volume guidance due to operational issues or due to demand destruction and buyers blocking at current prices?
Joc O’Rourke: Well, thank you. In terms of our expected volumes for quarter one, I think there is really two big issues we have to consider when we look at our sales volume. The first of all is actually quarter four, where Hurricane Ida and subsequent repair events impacted at the beginning of the fourth quarter and left us with very, very low inventories entering this year, which, of course, tends to contribute to first quarter sales. In terms of the other issue from our perspective, it’s really the logistics. COVID and winter weather are having a major impact on the supply chain, including rail, ocean freight, ports and trucking logistics. The industry is seeing delays throughout the system, and that’s contributing to the lower-than-historical sales volume guidance. Just as an example, rail alone this year, we’re seeing about a 20% to 30% increase in cycle time for our trains. And you can expect that to have a big impact on rev rec at the very end of the quarter. That said, we expect our annual sales to be in line with historic norms for phosphates. Delayed shipments due to supply chain issues will resolve themselves as we come out of the winter weather and we get through this last wave of COVID. So we will see those come in the next quarter or two. The thing I would emphasize is we’re seeing normal buyer behavior. Yes, nutrient prices are up. The crop prices more than offset that and point to a very good year for grower profitability, even if it’s a small step back from the 2021 levels. We expect crop prices to continue to incentivize farmers to apply fertilizer as they normally would.
Paul Massoud: Clint, our last two questions are for you. The first set is on working capital. Can you add some color around working capital and what you anticipate needs to be in 2022?
Clint Freeland: Sure. Thanks, Paul. So I think, as everyone knows, our business is highly seasonal, and we can experience pretty significant working capital changes throughout the year. And over the last couple of years, we have put in new working capital facilities to help us manage through – excuse me, some of that seasonal dynamic. And in the current pricing environment and the environment that we’ve been in and the rate of change that we’ve seen, that just amplifies those seasonal working capital moves. And so more recently, we’ve upsized some of our working capital lines to better align our options and our tools to the needs of the business. Just to give you a sense, as we look at the second half of last year, our core working capital needs were up well over $1 billion, and majority of that was in the fourth quarter. And as we look forward to 2022, I think any incremental working capital needs are likely to be dictated by the pricing environment that we see to the extent that the pricing environment moderates and the rate of change moderates, then I think the working capital incremental needs will moderate. But if we do see a continuation of what we’ve seen in the last 6 months, I think we could expect to see increasing working capital requirements.
Paul Massoud: Clint, our final question is on our capital allocation strategy. We seem to be prioritizing share repurchases over other uses of capital. Is that correct? And what are those other uses? And is it possible to do it all and given our commitment to return up to 75% of our free cash flow to shareholders?
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Paul. As we look forward to the balance of 2022, we expect to generate a significant amount of earnings and cash flow. And as we think about capital allocation for this year, we intend to continue strengthening both our business and our balance sheet by continuing to invest in high-return and opportunistic investments and paying down debt. But we think we can do those things and return a significant amount of capital to shareholders this year within the construct that we’ve outlined. Today, we announced an increase in our dividend for this year and going forward as well as a buyback using an ASR tool. As we go through the balance of the year, we intend to remain disciplined and nimble and look at different ways of returning capital to our shareholders. But our current priority is on buybacks. We look at our share price, where it is, and we think that it is compelling given the environment that we see. So that’s our priority today. But again, we intend to remain flexible as we go through the year.
Paul Massoud: Thanks, Clint. That wraps up the fireside chat portion of this call. I would now like to turn it over to the audience for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. I assume in Brazil that the competitor distributors are significantly exposed to Russian and Ukrainian potash. If they have to – if they have trouble sourcing potash, if your competition is trouble sourcing potash, does that also impact their ability to cross-sell other inputs, that is if farmers have to turn to Fertilizantes for potash, are you likely to pick up the other inputs as well?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, John. Certainly, that would offer an opportunity to us, but I suspect what will happen is that actually the blends will probably be adjusted for less potash if there is actual potash shortages. And we do believe there will be a real risk of potash shortages. The Brazil market should be fairly good. They have been delayed by rain and etcetera, so far. But we believe this will be a good market. So we do expect it’s going to be very tight for potash as the full impact of the sanctions really comes home to roost, if you will. So yes, we may pick up a little bit, but I don’t think it will be because of the blend opportunity versus others. I think it will just be because of people trying to get hold of potash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open. 
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning. If Nutrien decided that some of these issues around Belarus BPC are persistent and they wanted to really un-idle their millions of excess tons, hire a bunch of miners in Saskatchewan and really ramp up their volume, would you be supportive of that? What I mean is, in Canpotex, obviously, you would get your – you should get your pro rata sales share and Nutrien can add millions of tons to their production, and you cannot. You would not get – you would have to refuse the ability to produce pro rata and give it to Nutrien. Would you be supportive of that? Or would you seek to renegotiate a little bit how Canpotex works?
Joc O’Rourke: I don’t want to be in any way evasive, Joel, but I cannot answer a question about confidential negotiations that would happen within Canpotex. So I think you can only wait to see what happens this year to know. Now having said that, I will say one thing. We have been flexible in the past, as you’re well aware, including last year when we had an inability to produce. We asked and allowed Nutrien to produce the gap, which they helped fill. So obviously, we are all very concerned and interested in supporting our customers globally. And so to do that, there will be an element of flexibility. But I can’t speak specifically about Canpotex.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Mizuho.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you very much. You’ve done a pretty solid job of over the past few years completing Esterhazy and eliminating brine inflow costs. And now it appears Colonsay has had a nice gap down in cash costs post the issues you were facing in last year. So when we all kind of take a look at this year under the context of current contract spot pricing, higher operating rates, transportation costs and even the Canadian resource tax, can we just take a step back and just look at where you ultimately think the gross margins should be for this year? And perhaps just any additional considerations we should also have for 2023? Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thank you, Chris. I guess you’ve got to look at this in two ways: what’s the cash margin and what’s the gross margin after depreciation. Let me just talk about cash for a moment. And I’m going to be pretty general here. But if you look at – right now for standard, we have contract through Canpotex for $590 a ton. I think you can pretty much make estimates. We’ve announced Colonsay being $85 a ton. The others are significantly lower than that. And put a round number on transport, which is easy to do. I think you come up with a – quite frankly, a gross margin – a cash margin that is at least 50% plus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Hi. Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping you could give a little more color on the phosphate operating cost environment. Obviously, inputs have risen here, the way you frame DAP to margins and they have declined as a result of the market outlook, Joc. You didn’t provide any specific cost guidance in phosphate for the first quarter that you sometimes do or have done in the past. Any color there? And just as a quick follow-up to that last question, Joc, on the cash margin for potash. That’s at 3% before or after the resource tax?
Joc O’Rourke: Well, we’re – we call resource taxes and royalties part of our cash cost. So we’re – or sorry, Clint, do you want to correct that if I’m...
Clint Freeland: Yes. So in calculating our cash cost per ton, we do include royalties in there but do not include CRT.
Joc O’Rourke: Right. I think our other Canadian producer does not include royalties either. Is that correct? I think they call them both taxes. But there is some inconsistencies between the two of those.
Clint Freeland: But I would say that both of those are in our EBITDA calculation.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. And do recognize the resource tax is quite significant right now. So in terms of Florida cost, if you will, for phosphates, the way you can look at it is, first of all, our average ammonia cost, which if – we pay 20% of – sorry, 20% of the cost per ton of ammonia goes into – so if ammonia costs $600, you can – times that by 0.2, and that’s the cost inside that. But right now, market ammonia is probably in the range of, Jenny, $1,100. So that adds about $200 plus per ton to the cost of making phosphates. Now recognize our costs are significantly lower than that because two-thirds of ours is on a natural gas basis. So for our competitors, call it, $250 per ton. For us, probably more than half of that range would be the right number. In terms of sulfur, sulfur 40%. So if sulfur price is $300, then your cost in making DAP is probably $120-ish per ton. So you could look at that for our competitors being a total cost of up to $300 extra ton and for us, probably $220 or something, in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Joc, I want to ask you maybe a two-part question on Ferlizantes. And the first one being these co-product sales. Is that the gypsum or – I know you have some titanium and overburden there. What’s driving that, the co-product sales? And then maybe a higher-level question on Fertilizantes is, where do you think you can take that business from here? Is the opportunity in expanding your domestic production there? Or being able to increase more imports with port expansions? Where do you see the most opportunity in Fertilizantes?
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. So first, co-product sales, I think you’re absolutely right. The majority of the co-product sales is likely the sale of gypsum, but there is a number of co-products whether they be produced from some of our wastewater streams or whatever. But we sold last year, I think, over $400 million of co-products with pretty healthy margin because the cost of these, of course, is very low. So we feel that’s a pretty attractive place. And of course, when you sell gypsum, that’s chips actually you don’t have to make in the future. So again, a big piece of the long-term business improvement will be those sales of co-products and particularly the sale of gypsum. In terms of moving this business forward, you’re right, there is a number of opportunities. I think there is a number of new opportunities for co-products and particularly when you look at titanium, niobium and whatnot that is naturally in our ore and is made by our neighbors, at least our neighbors at Catalao. The other area is distribution. And distribution, particularly as you go to the Northwest part of the country, so Northwest part of Montegrosso and heading into what we call the Montapito states, which are the northern states south of the Amazon but in the western side of the country. We believe the distribution opportunity there is high. We are looking very seriously about how we can get a bigger piece of that, how we can participate more in that. So distribution, one area; co-products, new products. And of course, if we can debottleneck or improve our existing operations, that’s another great area for taking advantage of what is a great market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joc, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about regional phosphate prices and just the gap that exists between India and the rest of the world basically and how you envision that evolving through the course of the year, whether – how it will converge or if it will converge. Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Okay. Thanks, Vincent. I’m going to start off, but I’m going to hand it over to Jenny. But I think what you’d be fair to say is when the demand started really picking up this year, India was the first to respond. And in the typical winter lull, North American prices probably lagged, but those are quickly catching up as we get closer to the North American spring. But let me let Jenny talk a little bit about price disparity around the world and what that means.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. Yes, you mentioned due to the very low input in India last year, we saw the pent-up demand. And for sure, that was realized in the first two months of the year. And the Indians basically paid DAP price up to $920. Vincent I think probably you referred to the gap between India and the rest of the world. And with the crop prices rallied in Brazil, over the last few weeks, we saw the Brazilian buyers also stepped into the market. After yesterday, the gap between Brazil in phosphate to India are very close. So, we saw the price of MAP in Brazil already reached over to $900 per ton. And similarly to NOLA, we saw some seasonal price lows. And over the last two weeks, that price has rebounded, and we saw the shrinking of price gap between NOLA in India as well. Overall, we see a pretty much strong demand supported by the farmer economics and also pent-up demand in India and in the case of China as well. We see the fundamental of the phosphate market is going to continue to be tight, and the price level is going to stay at an elevated level.
Clint Freeland: And let me just highlight in North America, we don’t participate in those fluctuations of price that occur when the traders start trading at the Gulf. We kept our price list constant through that. And very quickly, once the pricing windows ended, prices came up to our price list.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Michael Piken: Yes. Good morning. Just wanted to get a sense in terms of your longer term expectations for India’s ability to continue to afford fertilizer, I know that they have raised their subsidies, but it seems like prices are going up at a pretty fast rate. How do you sort of see India’s demand evolving over the next several years, not just in 2022 where they need to restock? Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Look, I think India – this becomes more than a simple problem for a country like India with 700 people living in basic poverty and relying on the agricultural economy. The Modi government needs to be responsive to those people. So, they have a tight balance to keep food security and food affordability for their population and also keep their farmers able to be profitable so that they keep farming. So, our expectation is that India will continue to tread that – or walk that tight rope as best they can. So, they will have to respond to global pricing. They will have to make sure they get the fertilizer they need. And we are seeing that right now. I mean with the fast settlement of their potash and the – at $590, they were the first to settle with Canpotex quite early, and I think that reflects the pent-up demand that they need to make sure it gets out to their farmers. And then we just talked about their willingness to pay $930 or $920 for phosphates. So, we are seeing the buyer response. We know the government will have to either help with food subsidies or with fertilizer subsidies to keep that balance. And I know when it comes down to food securities, they are going to do what they have to do to make sure that works. And that’s long-term and short-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Wong: Okay. Good morning. Just a couple of questions here. First one, Fertilizantes. Can you just talk about why the phosphate rock and conversion costs continue to move up through the year? Is that mostly due to local inflation? And what’s the expected run rate of the current FX rates for this year and going forward? And then maybe a second question, probably more for Clint. Mosaic is a very complicated business. It’s across multiple geographies and product lines. And I mean it can be difficult sometimes to model out some of the variabilities around the quarters and even maybe for the year. Is there any thought on providing some more specific guidance, such as maybe including Fertilizantes in the kind of quarterly outlook guidance or maybe even cutting to like a specific EBITDA line? Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. And I will leave the tougher guidance question to Clint because that’s only fair. Let me start with Fertilizantes and the cost structure of Fertilizantes. There is a lot of factors, I think that are impacting Fertilizantes right now. I mean the first of it, as you mentioned, is inflation. And if you look at U.S. dollars, it’s probably easier to see where that’s been not as severe as what it might look like. But Brazil is probably seeing in industrial inflation, somewhere in that 15% to 20% this year. And that’s having a real day-to-day impact on cost structures. The other thing that has hurt Brazil in the last while, of course, is COVID. It has made it a lot more difficult to do mechanical or maintenance turnarounds. It’s made getting supply chain people in place, etcetera, etcetera. So, there is maintenance that takes longer, just a lot of little niggle things that come with the people problems and the COVID problems. And then there is of course, supply chain issues, getting materials and when you get materials are more expensive. So, all of those things are impacting. We think that long-term U.S. dollar and U.S. dollar to Brazilian reais will be offset with the inflation rates. So, in other words, if the inflation keeps higher than U.S., it will probably be equalized by exchange rates. And the other issues should go away with COVID and whatnot as things sort of return to more normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of...
Joc O’Rourke: Sorry. Operator, we still have the second part of that question.
Clint Freeland: Yes. Hi Andrew, this is Clint. And thanks for your question on guidance. I think as we have spoken about before, one of the challenging things about providing specific earnings guidance is just how quickly and materially prices can change, and that can obviously change our expectations and outlook for the year. But what we have tried to do is to provide a framework, provide areas of our cost structure, of our spend and so forth, that can be helpful in modeling the company. I know that Paul and I have been speaking particularly about Fertilizantes. And is there some more information and detail we can provide around that business to help investors understand and model that business better. So, I think that is an ongoing conversation internally. I would expect us to put a little bit more focus on that as time goes on. And if there are other areas that you would find particularly helpful in understanding some of the complexity, certainly, we are open to those discussions and a good feedback on that.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks. Operator, can we move to the next?
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Adrien Tamagno from Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Adrien Tamagno: Good morning. I have one question on [Technical Difficulty]. You seem to suggest that you would be able to reach a normal level of volumes for the full year ‘22. I was just curious if there are some moving specific actions to counter the impact of supply chain bottlenecks or if you assume that the market will normalize at some point and – yes. It could be easier to move to the pro forma. Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: I am sorry, I have got such a static line here. I only – I didn’t catch most of that. Can you try repeating that, Adrien?
Adrien Tamagno: Yes. Sure. This question is the full year volume guidance for phosphate, you have been guiding that just the normalization of the market in terms of supply chain or is it company-specific actions to your co-product?
Joc O’Rourke: I sort of got phosphate in market, but that’s about all I really got. Okay. Maybe Adrien, maybe we can let Paul talk to you after this. I am sorry, we – the connection was so bad. We really didn’t hear that well at all. So maybe, Paul – you can contact Paul and we can talk. Thank you. Sorry.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Do you expect the global phosphate market to tighten in 2023 or to loosen or you can’t tell?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. I am going to let Jenny talk a little bit about this, but let me start off by saying as we look at this over the next, let’s say, 3 years to 5 years and even short-term, short-term, we expect China’s exports to be lower, which should lead to a tightness in the next little while. And as we look forward from that, assuming the market continues to grow at the normal rates, we don’t have any big projects coming forward that we think are going to fill that gap. So, we see it tight this year. And assuming our Chinese estimates are correct, continuing tight for the next 4 years or 5 years even. And then as we look at the evolution of industrial uses for phosphates, and we talked about lithium iron phosphate, batteries in particular. But as we move into those other uses for phosphates, particularly in China, we do expect long-term that the Chinese exports will continue to decline and that new projects that are – haven’t been called yet and take 4 years or 5 years will have to fill that gap. Jenny, anything else? Okay. So Jenny is fine. Okay. Look, with that, I will conclude our call here by reiterating some of our key messages. Mosaic delivered excellent financial performance in 2021 driven by very strong agricultural and fertilizer markets. And by leveraging the value we have created through major investments and cost restructuring. We look forward to returning much of that value that we created to our shareholders through the accelerated share repurchase, our new repurchase authorization and an increased dividend target. And with continued high levels of global fertilizer demand and ongoing tight supplies in both potash and phosphates, we expect another year of very strong value creation in 2022. Thank you for your call – for the call, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Paul Massoud, Vice President, Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Mr. Massoud, you may begin.
Paul Massoud: Thank you. And welcome to our Third Quarter 2021 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat, as well as open Q&A. Glenn Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Jenny Wang, Vice President of Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results.  They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and, in our reports, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our third quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings discussion. I hope you've had a chance to review our posted commentary and slides, as well as our News Release and performance data, which were made available on our website yesterday. I will provide some additional context before we respond to the questions we received last night, and then we'll conclude with a live Q&A session. Mosaic delivered excellent financial performance in the third quarter, with EBITDA reaching its highest level in more than a decade. Our business continues to benefit from the strong markets we've been discussing since the second half of 2020. With our North America Production recovering, and a strong order book, we'd expect the momentum to continue through the end of the year, and into 2022. Before we get into our strong outlook, I want to briefly give you an update on the production issues we faced during the third quarter. As you'll remember, in June, our Esterhazy K1 and K2 potash mines experienced accelerated [Indiscernible] inflow. And we made the decision to stop operations approximately six months ahead of schedule. To help mitigate loss production, we further expedited the ramp up of K3 and restarted Colonsay. The second shaft at K3 is now operational, which paves the way for us to reach full production in the first quarter of 2022. And at Colonsay, we hit our targeted run rate in October.  In phosphates, the damage from Hurricane Ida, and the equipment failure at New Wales, resulted in a 300,000-ton production loss in the third quarter. Thanks to the efforts of our team, the fourth quarter production shortfall has been reduced to 100,000 tons, and operating rates should be normal by the end of the year. In both phosphates and potash, our team has worked diligently to ensure any shortfalls resulting from issues outside of our control were temporary. As we head into the end of the year and into 2022, We are well-positioned to take advantage of the current market.  Shifting now to agricultural markets, we continue to see strength extending well into 2022. Grain stocks remain limited and global corn and soybean demand is elevated, driven in part by surging Chinese demand and rising global biofuel demand. As a result, agricultural commodity prices remain high and farmer income remains well above historic norms. That strengthened crop markets combined with global industry supply constraints are the key drivers pushing fertilizer prices higher. In the Americas, demand is considerably stronger than we expected at the beginning of the year.  Brazil is expected to once again set a record for fertilizer shipments in 2021. Grower economics remain profitable, despite the latest surges in nutrient prices. And this has been reflected in the significant order book into the end of the year and into the first half of 2022. In North America, demand continues to be strong and prices have followed, reflecting a healthy domestic market benefiting from imports from a diverse group of suppliers. Grower economics remain favorable in North America, although not quite as favorable as during the first half of the year.  However, persistently low inventories and capacity constraints are underpinning the tight supply demand balance, as well as pricing. In India, while farmer demand remains strong, and the government has recently acted to improve importer economics for phosphates, availability is still lagging. Recent moves by the governments will likely help in the recovery of Indian imports, which lagged most of 2021 because of the disconnect between domestic subsidies and global prices. Given how depleted Indian inventories are, we see India as a source of pent-up demand, which should return to the market in 2022.  In Southeast Asia, fertilizer demand is benefiting from the strength in palm oil prices, and China is incenting its farmers to maximize yields through subsidized crop prices. New supply of phosphates is limited. Chinese exports are expected to decline significantly in the fourth quarter and in the first half of 2022, reflecting the directive from China's National Development and Reform Commission that major producers halt all phosphate exports to ensure adequate domestic supply. In potash, demand growth continues to exceed new supply from higher operating rates announced by producers, and prices continue to rise. Putting this all together, we expect further upside in realized pricing for phosphates and potash. Our fourth-quarter order book is now about 90% committed and priced. As a result, we expect to see a sequential increase of $55 to $65 a ton in realized phosphate prices, and $110 to $130 a ton in realized potash prices. We are seeing buyer appetite for first quarter commitments as well. All of this implies higher earnings in the fourth quarter, and a very strong result continuing into 2022.  Our earnings are leading to substantial free cash flow generation, which has allowed us to make significant progress towards several commitments we've made. Earlier this year, we raised our regular dividend target by 50% to $0.30 a share. In October, our board approved an additional regular dividend target increase of 50% to $0.45 per share effective in 2022. In August, we repaid $450 million in long-term debt toward our target of $1 billion of debt reduction. Also in August, we announced an expanded share repurchase program of $1 billion.  Since that announcement, we have repurchased more than 950,000 shares. In addition to strengthening the Balance Sheet and returning capital to shareholders, we continue to evaluate further investments in the business. Capital expenditures are expected to total $1.3 billion in 2021, of which roughly $450 million is growth-related. We continue to evaluate every opportunity that allows us to further strengthen the balance sheet, grow the business, and return capital to our investors. Now, before I conclude my opening remarks, I want to take a moment to recognize the many contributions of Laura Gagnon, and what she has made at Mosaic. As Head of Investor Relations for the last decade, Laura has been an invaluable advisor to me, and to the entire leadership team. We are very grateful for her service, and wish her all the best in her retirement. Paul Massoud has been promoted to lead IR, and Laura will stay on through the end of the year to help with the transition. Please join me in wishing her well. With that, let's move onto questions. Paul?
Paul Massoud: Joc. With continued strong nutrient pricing, we received a number of questions on affordability and risk of potash and phosphate demand disruption. First, in what geographies are you seeing signs of potential demand destruction and how do you think about the risks for both phosphates and potash?
Joc O'rourke: Thank you. Let me start by saying the areas where consumption has been lower has been more about availability than it has been about demand destruction. And in here, in China, because of strong pricing early in the year, the exports were high. However, now the Chinese government has stepped in and restricted exports and we expect the exports to go very low in the last quarter and into Q1 of next year, which will allow for a better supply in the domestic market.  In terms of India, the inability to secure [Indiscernible] has not been about farmer demand, but importer economics. The inability or inadequate subsidies have really been what's driven the inability of the importers to economically bring product into that jurisdiction. However, what we do expect to see based on those two is [Indiscernible] -up demand in both China and India for early next year and into the spring season. With that, I'm going to throw it over to Jenny to really talk about the details of fertilizer affordability in our key markets.
Jenny Wang: Thanks, Joc. I think you have covered India and China, and the reduced demand in 2021, is going to be the pent-up demand for 2022. We feel very confident, the 2 markets will come back with a very strong demand in 2022. In the rest of the world, we have not really seen major size of a demand destruction. Even in Brazil, that ratio is less favorable than the previous years. We still have -- see a demand from the growers and we actually have sold over 10% of the summer crop nutrients already.
Paul Massoud: Can you compare and contrast 2021 with 2008 in terms of affordability, inventory, and soil levels?
Joc O'rourke: Yes. Thank you. Let me start with soil levels. We don't have perfect insight into the soil inventory per say. But what we do have is we have some studies by the likes of the University of Illinois that show that over the last 10 years actual soil inventories have decreased. And that's particularly as we view this more precision agriculture which allows you to put the right amount of fertilizer down, but it may also mean you have to replace it every year.  And of course, in Brazil with the depleted soil, that has to be replaced every year. So, there is definitely on-ground demand that will be there next year. In terms of channel inventory, we see that as being low in almost every jurisdiction. There is no place around the globe where we see any kind of build-up of channel inventory. And that's fundamentally different than it was years ago, where you had large amounts of inventory, not only of the fertilizers, but large inventories of crops like grains and oil seeds. So, this turnaround is quite different.  And so, as we look forward, we see affordability fine right now and we expect that affordability will be good, because either price will have to go up for grains and oil seed, which will drive long-term fertilizer or they will plant less, which means that prices for grains and oil seed will go up. So, in other words, the secure for high prices is high prices.
Paul Massoud: Joc, how are India subsidies impacting affordability?
Joc O'rourke: Well, at a farmer level, it's a controlled market. So, it's very difficult to compare affordability at the farm level. Certainly, we know that on-farm demand for both phosphate and potash is very strong. At an importer level, the GAAP between global pricing and the retail price has been such that the importer economics are poor. Which means they're not importing, which means that the product isn't available to the farmer. And really that goes for both potash and phosphate. Let me add, as we move into 2022, there is a lot of pent-up demand in India. And we fully expect that the government will have to act and increase subsidies to allow the farmers to get the product they're going to need.
Paul Massoud: Another topic that generated quite a few questions, including from Adam Samuelson, at Goldman Sachs, and Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley: China's phosphate market, especially given the recent change in China's export policy. First part of this question is, what are our expectations for exports this year and next year? And how is that being impacted by changes in China's production volumes?
Joc O'rourke: Well, thank you. This year we're expecting China's total exports to run just over 10 million tons. But as we've seen recently, that has led to fairly large deficit domestically. Though the government has stepped in, pulled on export restrictions, which are now taking effect. We don't expect a whole lot of Q4 exports or probably first quarter 2022. After that, we do expect things to return to normal. So, for this year, we're expecting a little over 10 million tonnes of exports. Next year, we think that we'll return back to the say, 9.5 or 9.3 that we've had in previous years.  Per year-over-year, we should be down about a million and a half tonnes from where we were this year. Now, we also see a long-term decline in production of phosphate fertilizers for agricultural use. That means that the phosphoric acid is starting to find its way into a lot of other industrial products, including these lithium-ion phosphate batteries, and a number of other areas. What we see is a declining production over time, and probably a restriction of availability into the phosphate fertilizer market. That means that over time, we should see a decrease of exports from China.
Paul Massoud: Chris Parkinson from Mizuho, and Michael Piken from Cleveland Research, both asked about the impact of ammonia on our phosphate business, and how much ammonia we'll need to purchase in the fourth quarter?
Joc O'rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. Let me just start by reminding everyone our ammonia is sourced from 3 different sources. First, our Faustina ammonia plant, which is obviously at cost, including the cost of Henry Hub Natural Gas.mOur CF contract, which we've maximized at the 800,000 short tonnes per year at this stage, and then, of course, open market purchases.  This quarter, we're looking at approximately 20% to 25% will probably come from open market purchases. As such, what we expect to see is about a $5 to $10 increase per tonne of our raw materials. And that's based on market changes in ammonia plus a relatively flat sulfur pricing environment.
Paul Massoud: We had a handful of questions asking about our potash production assets, including questions from Seth Goldstein of Morningstar and Andrew Wong, RBC, and both ask details on how K3 will ramp and how total production volumes and costs will evolve in 2022.
Joc O'rourke: Thank you. Let me start by saying that the ramp-up of K3 is going very well. We have just handed over the [Indiscernible] system to operations, so that is now operational. So, we have both [Indiscernible] operational. And as we increase the number of four [Indiscernible], between now and first quarter, we will hit full production by the end of first quarter. So that means that very soon we'll be running that mine at full production again. Now, in terms of the other piece, I want to highlight is we've also been very successful is starting up our Colonsay mine. That operation is now running at its expected rate of 100,000 tonnes per month - ish, so about a million tonnes a year. We expect between the two of them, we will have actually more incremental production by the first quarter of next year.
Paul Massoud: Steve Byrne from Bank of America, and Adrian Tamagno from Berenberg, as well as others, are asking about our product pricing strategy. How we think about forward sales, how far ahead have we sold, and how much of our first-half volumes might already be committed?
Joc O'rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. Well, let me start by saying, availability is a big concern across a number of our regions. And what we're seeing today is, actually, a lot of inbounds, but we're being very careful about which geographies we're selling into, and the amounts were forward-selling. So, while the demand is there, we're still being cautious. I'm going to let Jenny give you the details on that.
Jenny Wang: Sir, Joc, we have seen a strong demand from customers, especially in North America and Brazil. We began to sell some modest amount of the tonnes for Q1 and the -- even we started to sell the tons into Q2 as well. These are all good indication of a continuous strength of the market. And we feel good about that.
Paul Massoud: Joel Jackson of BMO and John Roberts of UBS are asking about Mosaic for those launches. Given the strength of our margins over the past few quarters, is this being driven by distribution or production? And how much are co-products when Jibson sale is contributing to this?
Joc O'rourke: Well, thank you gentlemen. First of all, let me say Mosaic Fertilizantes is an integrated business. So, it is the combined benefit of distribution with production that has really driven our results there. Other strength has obviously been the markets. But we've also made tremendous progress ourselves of transforming the business. First of all, in the $300 million of synergies we found, and then more recently, we've just exceeded our $200 million EBITDA improvement target through transformation.  So, remember, the pro forma at the time of purchase was about $60 million EBITDA per year and we just did $300 million in a quarter. So, you can see where we've extracted significant value and it's drops straight to the bottom line. And in terms of co-products, they are making a significant contribution. I think, certainly, in the level of $50 to $60 million of sales a year from those co-products.
Paul Massoud: A number of analysts, including Andrew Wong from RBC and Rick Patel from Exane, have asked about capital allocation. We'll break this up into a couple of questions. First, can you discuss what to expect for capital expenditures going forward in terms of new growth or major investments, and sustaining capital?
Joc O'rourke: Thank you. I am going to start by giving a little bit and then hand it over to Clint for some of the detail. But over the next 4 years, we do expect CapEx to trend lower. Growth CapEx will certainly decrease at the end of K3. But again, as part of our capital allocation, we do expect to reinvest in the business over time. So, there will be some reinvestment that we will make. And I'm going to end with that. Leave it over to Clint to talk about capital.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Joc. Like Joc said, I think over the next five years, we would expect CapEx to trend lower. Certainly K3 -- the K3 investment will be ramping down and is in the process of ramping down. Also recall that some of the capital investments, particularly over the next 2 to 3 years, from a growth standpoint will be made in extending our reserve down in Florida.
Clint Freeland: We also have had a number of regulatory changes, particularly down in Brazil around some of our dams. That's going to promote or require some additional spending. And one of the things we've also been looking at is -- we have a number of assets that over long term have been leased. And as we've looked at how core those assets are to our underlying operations, I think there is a portion of those assets that probably make more sense for us to own instead of leasing. And so, that also will be part of CapEx program going forward. But I think with all of that taken into
Clint Freeland: consideration, certainly over the next 5 years we would expect total CapEx to come down and as Joc said, we'll continue to look for opportunistic investments in the business that are high returning like the ones that we see today, we'll look for those opportunities to continue to invest as we go forward.
Paul Massoud: As a follow-up on this topic, how do we expect to deploy excess capital between the incremental debt paydown, share repurchases, dividend policy, and the type of growth projects that were just mentioned?
Joc O'rourke: Thank you. We remain focused on a balanced capital allocation approach between three key pillars. First, our Balance Sheet. We've demonstrated that by paying down $450 million of long-term debt this quarter. We intend to continue to pay down debt to the target of a billion dollars over time. In terms of growth investments, we've invested, or will have invested, $450 million in our business this year, including our spend on K3, and our spend on reserve extensions in Florida.  And then finally, the returning capital to shareholders. Here, we've raised our target dividend for the second time by 50% to $0.45 per year in 2022. And we've started a share repurchase program based on an authorization of a billion dollars of share repurchases over time. And in that, we've already repurchased approximately a million shares on the open market. We've demonstrated that we continue to use a very balanced approach and that's what we will do going forward. Thank you. That concludes the prepared portion of this event. I would now like to open the line to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts : Thank you. Joc, talk a little bit about more of your capital return strategy, and do you have a targeted dividend yield that you want to get to?
Joc O'rourke: Thanks, John. Let me start by saying our capital return strategy is based on two pieces we expect. We expect to be giving a regular target dividend that is affordable through the cycle. One of the things is a cyclical we want to be careful of is that we don't put out a dividend too early that we may have to change if the market completely changes.  So, we are looking at affordability of the dividend and beyond that, we're looking at methods like share repurchases, to continue to reward shareholders for their holding our shares and for investing with us. So, we do expect, not to have a huge dividend that's necessarily targeted as a percent, but one that is well affordable through -- conservatively affordable through the cycle, and augmented by share repurchases. Clint, did you want to add anything to that?
Clint Freeland : No, I think that's right, Jack. I think we look at the return of capital to shareholders in the form of an affordable dividend supplemented by share repurchases and what does that program looks like in total, maintaining a level of fixed return, as well as, the level of flexibility as we go forward.
Joc O'rourke: I will reemphasize John, though that we do expect to move that dividend as our earnings potential grows and our -- some of our internal programs bring -- come to fruition.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Christopher Parkinson : Great. Thank you so much. On the potash runs, can you just quickly discuss the evolution of your order books for spot markets, just given the current demand dynamics where you already indicated inventories were -- and how that ultimately sets up Canpotex for future contract negotiations?
Joc O'rourke: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Yes. So where are we at with respect to our order book. I'm going to throw this over to Jenny in a second, but let me say, first of all, demand is very good. You've probably recently heard Canpotex are fully committed for quarter 4. We're probably at least 90% committed, and price for quarter 4, which really sets us up for a real strong position as we move into 2022.  And in terms of Canpotex and contract negotiations for the major national contracts, if you will, it also sets us up very well for that. There's a lot of talk about early contract negotiations with China, that hasn't started, but again, we don't really need that in the near term, so I think time is on our side, not the buyer side in this case. Jenny, do you want to talk a little bit about that allocation?
Jenny Wang : Yeah, sure. Thanks, Joc. We -- for both North America and Canpotex, we basically have fully committed for the fourth quarter in 2021. Canpotex has started sales into Q1 and which basically are going to reflect the latest spot market prices. So, you will see a [Indiscernible] or the benchmark price, as you're saying today, and versus the realized prices which is likely going to be reflected in Q1. That's basically the order book on a standpoint.  In term of the market situation, the inventory level in the contract market in India, it is 60% lower than the same kind of last year. And in the case of China that's over 25% lower than the same time of last year. So, was this a low inventory situation? We believe that the contract settlement will be needed for this market earlier than all the previous years. Like Joc mentioned, we don't need this market, but we see that from market demand point of view, we will need to have earlier settlement than all the previous year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken : Good morning. Just wanted to get a little bit of a sense for where we are in Brazil? There's been some talk about the logistics and the ability to get products into Brazil, I guess, from your perspective, given that you have some in-market production and some of these challenges bringing product in, the higher freight rates, how are the net puts and takes, and do you think the farmers are going to get enough fertilizer to be able to plant the safrina crop moving forward a couple of months from now? Thanks.
Joc O'rourke: Thanks, Michael, and I think you've hit the nail on the head yourself. We have a great logistics advantage, and that was one of the key benefits of investing in-country in Brazil. We have ownership or part-ownership of a port in [Indiscernible] and access to a port in Santos that really gives us an opportunity to get product into Brazil, a much more effectively than others.  And then, of course, in-country production, where we save not only the ocean freight, but the rail or truck freight from the coast. So, all of this logistics restrictions are actually working to our competitive advantage right now compared to others who would sell at the coast or -- and others who would have to come in through public ports. So, we feel that we're in a really good position there. Overall, Brazil will be tight for fertilizers.  Particularly, I guess as we look forward, there could be some -- with any restrictions on the Belarusians, there could be some restrictions on getting the product to Brazil. And of course, ocean freight has at least probably doubled so -- but that's going to affect everybody equally. And it does come into our overall calculation of the economics for the Brazilian farmers, but at this stage, as Jenny mentioned earlier, we believe their economics are still quite strong.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson : Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joc, can I maybe follow-up on Brazil? And it's 2 parts. One on the affordability point mentions and notable comments on some of the Grower Industry Associations there, telling farmers not to apply fertilizer at these price levels. And if you're view that that's not going to have a material impact on actual consumption and off-take? And then second, on your distribution business -- and this is more for '22. You talk about a little bit, some slowdown in demand or more flat demand next year in your market outlook. Is in that scenario and if prices ever did correct -- how do we think about the profitability that distribution business in a falling price environment?
Joc O'rourke: Okay, thanks. Well, let me start with affordability. Again, with the rise -- the rise in commodity prices, and the Brazilian currency, devaluation over the last couple of years. The Brazilian farmers had the benefit of extremely good profitability. Now, that is certainly decreased this year. And because of rising, not just fertilizer, but fuel prices, seed prices, everything has gone up. And so not surprisingly, it's squeezed them more than they are used to.  However, I mean our own belief is farmers like to farm. They're not going to sacrifice yield, by not fertilizing. That just is not a good economic solution to the problem. Matter of fact, if anything, that would exacerbate their profitability issues. So, we think that that will continue as normal. Do we expect growth to be as strong in the next year or so? No.  We would expect that growth would be more moderated than it has been and matter of fact, our longer-term growth numbers, we're looking at that being slightly lower than what the history has been, but overall, we think that it will continue -- and Brazil will continue to be a great market and ultimately will be one of the big bread baskets for the world. In terms of our distribution business, I think we have a very strong customer base. We are well respected in the market. Our brand has a very good name down there.  Plus, we have a great growth in our MicroEssentials, which is a good poll for that market. They want our products specifically, so we have a very stable customer base. Even in a declining market, I would expect we would do as well or better than any of the others in that situation. I worry less about the margins in distribution. They're very good right now, but I suspect we'll be able to keep those over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open. Steve, your line is open.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson : Hi. Good morning, Joc. Maybe a longer-term question. Morning. Obviously, LFP is taking off more in the capital market [Indiscernible] in the last few years. Can you give us a sense of where you think LFP could be in 2030, in terms of incremental demand for either phosphorous gas that are [Indiscernible] and, I believe companies like [Indiscernible], Israeli Chemicals are there big leader in the purified phosphate market? Do you need to upgrade some of your phosphates at production? What would it cost? And what are you looking at doing?
Joc O'rourke: Thanks, Joel. Well, I'm going to turn this over to Jenny to talk about the growth of the lithium iron phosphate battery market. You may be aware of that I think Elon Musk just [Indiscernible] to using the -- both batteries in the cars -- the Model 3 in China. And has talked about building an LFP plant here in the U.S. So, there's no question that is coming on. In terms of purified phos acid, you are absolutely right and we are absolutely doing research into how we can create purified phosphoric acid, although I would say it's a little early for us to tell you either the cost or the capital. But Jenny can talk to you about the SLP market.
Jenny Wang : Sure, Joc. The -- actually, [Indiscernible] the increasing demand of LSP battery has been one of the drivers changing the Chinese phosphate industry. On this year alone, we are saying around 300,000 tonnes of purified [Indiscernible] asset already shifted to LSP, which equals to 0.5 million tonnes of [Indiscernible]. And then, I saw some questions related to the production of phosphate fertilizer into 2022. We believe the trend of shifting P205 to LFP will be the trend and will be structure change. And that will profoundly change the phosphate industry in China.  Coming into the U.S. as Joc mentioned, we have seen announcements made by Tesla are working with some other parties of building up LSP factories in the U.S., and building up in the U.S. old supply chain, we are looking into this area as well. So as the major phosphate producers, like Joc mentioned, we are doing our own study. This is going to be a long-term driver in terms of the phosphate industry starting from China and we believe it will have impact around globe, especially in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adrien Tamagno from Berenberg. Your line is open.
Adrien Tamagno : Hello. Good morning. I've got 2 questions [Indiscernible]. First, since you restarted Colonsay, how should we think about the cash cost of production, but on target for 2023? And can you please recall me the run rate of K3 expected for 2022, annually? Thank you.
Joc O'rourke: Okay. Thanks, Adrian. Let me start with Colonsay. We expect Colonsay to ramp up to its 100,000 tonnes per month as we mentioned in the earlier comments. At that point, maybe now I guess, the cost of Colonsay will start coming down. Right now, we've been going through a transition. Overall, I would expect the Colonsay to make up about 15 -- 10% to 15% of our total production.  And as such, I guess it's going to move our cost, maybe $4 or $5 a tonne overall. So, it's not a big cost changer and that'll be offset by as we move Esterhazy K3 tonnes up, [Indiscernible] they will really start coming in at lower costs. So, overall, I don't see a really significant increase in cost because of Colonsay to the overall market because of the offset of lower costs K3. You asked about the 2022 ramp-up of K3. Again, as I mentioned earlier, we've just handed over the south shaft hoisting to operations.  And so, we have, I believe, three or four miners left to build, which takes a couple of months each. And then we will be up at full production on K3 by the end of the -- basically by the end of the First Quarter. So, what you'll see now as we go forward is a slow move up to a full production at K3, which will mean that our K1 and K2 mills will be fully utilized by the end of the Third Quarter, giving us approximately a million tons of new capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Stephen Byrne : Sorry about my technical problem earlier. I wanted to drill in a little bit on where do you see the greatest returns on investing new capital in growth? Would it be in Brazil? And if so, would it be to expand production capabilities, or extending potash mine life or something on the end of being more productive in this -- in the country or would it be to invest in more distribution assets to expand your network throughout the country?
Joc O'rourke: Well, thanks Steve, and we're glad we got you back. We were worried about you. So, as we look at new capital and you ask what -- how we would prioritize that. I guess there's probably a couple of areas that I would like to highlight. We're not there yet, but we are coming close to where our MicroEssentials production capabilities are matched with our sales book. And so, it won't be too long until we will be looking at MicroEssentials expansion.  And right now, we're asking ourselves the question: How and where do we expand MicroEssentials? Do you expanded in North America? and you'd still -- the growth is still in Brazil, but is it more efficient to expand it in North America or do you expand it in Brazil? So that questions being asked. Another area of, we think, growth opportunity. And you mentioned it, is distribution in Brazil, whether that be organic or whether that be a purchase.  We think there's good opportunity in Brazil. It's a relatively lower capital, lower cap -- lower cost, lower capital intensity. We see that as good. We've looked at a couple of opportunities to grow production in Brazil. And then the other one -- I would say right now we're extending our reserves in Florida. That might not increase our production, but it certainly extends the mine life and the quality of the product as we go forward. So, between MicroEssentials, reserves, extensions, we're not really looking at expanding potash is, I think might have been the one you're asking, I just don't see that being required at this stage as we've just started Colonsay.  So those are the areas we're looking up, but they have to be high return, fairly quick payback. The one other one I just want to mention is there's -- I think there's a real opportunity investing in technologies. For our next-gen transformation work, we think is going to pay back really well, and I'd encourage any of you come and see some of the work we're doing around automation because it's great. So new products, distribution, reserve, and automation would be the summary.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong : Hi, thanks for taking my question. I want to go back on fertilizer affordability and any impacts on fertilizer demand. And looking at it from a different angle, if we do see any sort of reduction in application rates or anything like that, could you talk about what that might do to crop yields? And what does that do to crop balance sheet projections going out into the next couple of years? Thanks.
Joc O'rourke: Yeah. I'm not sure. I didn't quite catch the last piece of that, Andrew. Do you want to just maybe repeat the last piece of that about --
Andrew Wong : Yes. I just want to understand like if we do see a reduction in application rates because that's what people are concerned about today, what could that do to your crop balance sheet projections and crop yields? And what would that mean for crop pricing going forward? Thanks.
Joc O'rourke: Yeah. Let me start by saying today, affordability is okay. I think we all are on the same page there. And I think the big question for most is, well, what happens if affordability gets to a point where people start rationing fertilizers. And I could easily see where marginal crop land, particularly here in the U.S. or something. may not get planted or whatever. But what I would expect to have happen in that case -- today we're looking at under 16% carryout for foreign.  So, stock-to-use ratio of under 16%, which is down to what, a month? And so, if you're looking at a month of supply, any kind of disruption, or anything that's going to cause a run up in the price of corn, or soybeans, or whatever it is. And so, you look around the world right now, palm oil prices more than doubled. Our corn prices are sitting in the $550 range or something like that. Bean prices are good so -- and the availability of all of them is low. So, it's a precarious bought for crops. So, if people do plant less and that gets even tighter, I would expect you can start seeing price spikes.  Likewise, if they plant more, the price may moderate. But then to do that, they're going to have to use more fertilizer. So, in either case, I don't see a huge downside going forward from an affordability perspective. Because to get good yields, you need the fertilizer, and we need the crops. So, you put the two together and you say one of two things has got to happen: you've either got to use a lot of fertilizer on a few acres, or you've got to plant a lot of acres. In either case we're -- we should be in pretty good shape going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open. PJ Juvekar from Citi, your line is now open.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson : Thank you, very much, and good morning, Joc. There's been so much excitement about DAP and [Indiscernible] that we haven't talked about MicroEssentials or your value-added phosphate or performance products in quite some time. You did mention that a little bit. I was hoping you could dig in a little bit and talk about how is market share in the U.S. and Brazil? Are you seeing end-users downgrade to lower-quality commodity phosphates? And can you talk about the -- I believe the patents come off in 2021 and 2022. Could you talk about what that means for Mosaic? And are you working on new product development? Thank you.
Joc O'rourke: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. In terms of market share, I guess right now, MicroEssentials as amounting to about 35% of all of the phosphate product we make. So, it's definitely become a very big piece of our overall market. In terms of market share, I guess in the U.S., it probably be around 20%. Yeah, we're probably up to about 20% in the U.S., which would be about 2 million tons a year.  And we're probably approaching a million and a half tons in Brazil, so it's coming up to a similar size market, I guess, both at 15%, and it's still growing strong in Brazil. In both cases, I think, we're going to -- as I mentioned earlier, we're going to run up against production limitations before we run up against market limitations. In terms of the actual patent on it, I mean there's 2 aspects to that. Yes, we are working on ways to adapt the product to extend the patent and whatnot.  But what we're seeing is there's a lot of copycats, but nobody has been yet able to make a product that has the same agronomic benefits, that has the same quality, and certainly has the same reputation of 10-plus years of good results. So far, it's been very successful, continues to be very successful. Nobody has really penetrated that market very much from us. So, we're very positive going forward.  In terms of some of our other performance products, we continue to do market development, as we've talked about before. Our aspire product is growing well. It seems to be quite successful, in particularly in certain markets, like Brazil and some of those markets, it's been quite successful and we're continuing to find opportunities to modify and work on potash and phosphate, our performance products that can really change the market.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Now, I turn the call back over to Joc O’rourke for closing remarks.
Joc O'rourke: Well, I know you folks have all had a very busy morning of listening to fertilizer companies, so thank you very much for your participation. And let me end by saying, here at Mosaic, we've just completed a very strong quarter. And as I look forward, I see that momentum continuing through quarter 4 of 2021, and well into 2022.  Now, clearly strong fertilizer and agriculture markets are providing some pretty good tailwinds for us, but we're also realizing the bottom-line benefit of our own work, and the long-term work we're doing to grow our business and to transform our cost structure. We expect to continue to build momentum as we finish the year, and well into 2022, as I say. And we will maintain our cost and capital discipline throughout. So, with that, thank you for joining us and please have a great, safe day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you. And welcome to our second quarter 2021 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing; and other members of the leadership team will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our second quarter press release, performance data, attached as exhibits to yesterday's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. I hope you've had a chance to review our post commentary and slides as well as our news release, and performance data all made available on our website yesterday. Today, I will provide some additional context before we respond to questions we received last night. And then we'll conclude with a live Q&A session. Mosaic they've delivered excellent financial performance in the second quarter, and the second half of 2021 is set up to be one of the strongest periods in over a decade. Our earnings are driven by two key factors. First, strong underlying agricultural markets, coupled with tight fertilizer dynamics are driving fertilizer prices higher. Second, and just as important are the results of our effort to optimize our business to fully realize the benefit of these market trends. Throughout our long term and ongoing work to reduce costs, we've created significant earning leverage. And this quarter's performance demonstrates. Looking ahead, we expect further upside. Our third quarter order book is now 90% committed and priced. As a result, we expect the sequential increase of $90 to $100 per tonne in real life phosphate prices, and $25 to $35 per tonne in realized product prices. Beyond the third quarter, we are seeing buyer appetite for fourth quarter commitments as well. All of this implies higher earnings in the third quarter and very strong results in the fourth and into 2022. The dynamics fueling the agricultural markets point to a period of strength that we believe will extend well beyond 2021. Grain stocks remain limited and global corn and soybean demand is growing, driven in part by surging Chinese demand and biofuels. As a result, agricultural commodity prices remain high and the outlook is promising for continued strong farm income. The world's farmers have solid incentive to maximize yields from every acre and that is what drives fire fertilizer demand. Demand in the Americas is considerably stronger than we expected at beginning of the year. Brazil is expected to once again set records for fertilizer shipments. Across the Americas we saw a big recovery in 2020 and expected to demand growth moderate this year. The opposite has happened. Demand for potash and phosphate is up substantially compared with last year and nearly all of the fertilizer delivered this year has gone to the ground, which means channel inventories in most regions remained below historic norms. In North America, demand continues to be strong. Following the completion of our CBD petition, U.S. phosphate prices now trade at parity with global benchmarks. And the domestic market is benefiting from elevated imports from a more diverse pool of suppliers. This is reflective of a healthy market is responding to the market signals. In India, farmer demand remains very strong, but importer economics have negatively impacted available supply in the country, because of the disconnect in government subsidies. As a result, it is difficult for the Indian farmer to get the phosphates they desire. It is clear that more work needs to be done to rectify the imbalance, but we continue to see region's absorbing fertilizer supply. Given how depleted Indian inventories are, we see India as a source of pent up demand for the future. Southeast Asian fertilizer demand is benefiting from the strength in Palm oil and China is incenting us farmers to maximize yield. While the demand dynamic for potash and phosphates are similar, driven by the strong underlying agricultural market, the supply overlook is slightly different for the two products. In phosphate do supply is limited and any new Greenfield supply addition for several years from completion. Recently, Russia requested producers to prioritize domestic demand to stabilize in country pricing. And while supply from Chinese phosphate exports during the second quarter was elevated to meet global demand, Chinese exports are expected to decline in the second half of the year, as in country seasonal demand increases. This was reinforced by news last week that China's National Development Reform Commission has begun requesting the export of fertilizer be stopped to ensure adequate domestic supply. In potash demand growth continues to exceed new supply from higher operating rates reasonably announced by producers. As a result, prices continue to rise. In fact, price increases have largely offset the financial impact on our early closure of K1 and K2 shops with Esterhazy. We recently resumed production at Colonsay and now expect our net production loss to be approximately 700,000 tonnes per year, down from our original 1 million estimate. This also brings the sales impact down to approximately 500,000 tonnes, as we draw down available inventory. Our earnings are leading to significant free cash flow generation, which has allowed us to proceed with the early retirement of our $450 million in long-term debt later this month. We are currently evaluating additional actions for capital deployment. Capital expenditures are expected to total $1.2 billion [technical difficulty]. This includes accelerated K3 spending to speed up our ability to bring K3 to full production as well as approximately $75 million in additional high returning opportunities within our businesses, given the strong cash generation we continue to evaluate opportunities, but also allow us to further strengthen our balance sheet, grow the business and share with our investors. Overall Mosaic continues to execute and perform very well in this robust fertilizer market. And we expect to continue building momentum from here. With that we will move on to your questions.
A - Laura Gagnon: Joc, a number of analysts including Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs, Ben Isaacson from Scotia and Rikin Patel from Exane BNP are asking about fertilizer affordability. Specifically, globally, are you seeing any demand destruction due to affordability? Are there any regions or areas you're watching?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, folks. The way we look at this is actually is the grain prices and higher grain demand is driving the fertilizer. So from our perspective, it's demand for grains and oil seeds and the price of that's creating is driving fertilizer demand, which is of course, driving fertilizer pricing. So we see the supply and demand balance the other way around, if you will. Now, we may see at some point the impact of high prices. Today tight grain and oilseed markets are going to be tight for a while. They're not going to loosen and just one growing season so this should last a while. And with gold prices up, it seems that most growers have been comfortable with the prices that we're seeing for fertilizer. Now the one area of concern we've talked about this is India. And this is not an affordability issue for the farmer but an affordability issue for the importer, because of the Indian subsidy system. But sooner or later local Indian inventories will mean that they have to buy fertilizer.
Laura Gagnon: A handful of analysts including Andrew Wang from RBC, John Roberts from UBS and Steve Byrne from Bank of America have asked about Mosaic's realized price progression. It appears that price realization has lagged in potash when comparing spot prices trends to the third quarter guidance. But stock prices and guidance appear to be fairly in line in phosphates. Can you discuss the underlying dynamics and what that means for price realization into quarter four?
Joc O'Rourke: The life between the product prices we're seeing at the mine gate today and the actual international prices are driven by a couple things. First of all, when we looked at international shipments through Competex [ph]. Q1, we had delays due to port issues. In Q2, we're now seeing delays due to wildfires and rail impacts as we go through the British Columbia carrier. So the starting to push shipments back. So there is a normal lag period that we're experienced, plus, you have to consider that these prices are the Asian prices, which are lagging as well from the Brazilian and North American prices. If we turn to North America, a lot of the times that we're delivering now and what delivered for the quarter three are times that we're sold in early May for August shipment to meet summer field demand. And of course, those were delaying further due to the K1 K2 closure, which means a lot of the main volume won't be priced or shipped until October. And so the pricing lag is higher than that would normally be. But I will emphasize that we are in our distribution business, seeing and selling the $600 plus price that we're talking about being the spot market.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Steve Byrne, Rikin Patel and Adrien Tamagno from Berenberg are asking questions about the impact of increasing ammonia volumes delivered under the CF contract. What do those increases mean for spot purchases? And are there any volume related discounts provided or premiums required under the contract?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Historically, our ammonia tonnes have been split roughly evenly between produced spot and CF. With the increased CF supply in the second half, which means for the following year, in the range of 75% of our total ammonia needs will be based on a natural gas price and be below today's market. This reinforces our competitive advantage in ammonia and the effectiveness of our hedging program to make sure that we have a number of supplies that buffer up against times like this.
Laura Gagnon: In another raw material related questions. John Roberts and Ben Isaacsonare asking about the potential for future sulfur supply disruptions through 2021 and into 2022. What risks do we see? And how are we managing them?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Today our position on sulfur is much better than a was at quarter ago. At this stage you can see by the sulfur price which just settled at about $195 per tonne versus $192 in the second quarter that the refinery rates and the demand balance for sulfur has really equalized. Now it's a little too early to forecast quarter four, but what I can tell you is gold refinery operating rates have stabilized and gone to normal rates. We have really done a lot of work to get good inventory of sulfur in our system which we did not have coming out of quarter one. And if you remember the issue we ran into at quarter one was low operating rates in the refineries, some turnarounds in the refineries and then freezing weather the shutdown a lot of the Gulf refineries. So the combination of the three meant are normally type situation was exacerbated quite a bit. So this date we see the risk is significantly lower.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we had a number of analysts acknowledged accelerating cash flows. These analysts including Seth Goldstein at Morningstar, Mark Connelly of Stephens, and Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Are [technical difficulty] will do with it? How we will allocate it aside from debt reduction and small growth capital? And looking for specific insight into how we are thinking about share repurchases and dividend increases?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. [Technical difficulty]. Our strategy is and always has been that we will balance our capital allocation between debt repayment and working on our balance sheet projects that offer a great return to through growth and then returning money to shareholders. In terms of the specifics, let me hand it over to Clint, because I think he can give you a little more color on that.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Joc. I think as we go further into the year, I guess one thing to note is that, as we generate free cash flow and cash builds on the balance sheet, we're not going to let it just sit idle. I think we've got options. And whether that is additional debt reduction for some of the maturities that are coming due, we've got existing share repurchase authorizations, we can always take a fresh look at the dividend. We also have a program in place to review some of some really high returning internal projects, like our opportunity CapEx relatively small dollars, but very high returning projects that will continue to look to invest in. But I think - again, I think as we look forward, I think we have a number of options. And again, I don't see us generating cash and letting it sit idle on the balance sheet. And I would expect further into the second half of the year that will provide more clarity on what that allocation program is going to look like.
Laura Gagnon: Andrew Wang, and Adrien Tamagno are interested in more detail on our opportunity capital spending. Clint, can you elaborate on the new $75 million gross spending allocation? With phosphate capacity expansion ever be on the agenda? And what can we expect to be allocated to the new soil health initiatives?
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Laura. I think when we look at our opportunity CapEx investments for this year, overall, I would say it's about one third in North America, about two thirds in Brazil. I think there's more of focus in Brazil. But I would say that those investments are generally being made in a number of different areas. But I would include the following. A number of these investments are around automation. We've spoken about some of the next gen investments that we're making in our production assets and that is ongoing, that's part of this program. Another example is down in Brazil, where we're looking to increase gypsum sales, and we need to make some investments in infrastructure to be able to accommodate that. In potash, we're looking to increase some of the supplier capacity. But again, as we look at these investments, they're all relatively modest investments, typically single digit million dollar investments, but with very, very significant returns, some in the triple digit type of return on an after tax basis. From a phosphate capacity expansion standpoint. I would say that really the things that we've focused on and talked about is his long lines of potentially increasing micro essential capacity in the future. Demand for that product continues to increase and to the extent that we need to expand capacity there and see that. Beyond that, I think our rock and concentrate capacities are in fairly good balance at this point otherwise. When we look at the new soil health initiatives, again, those are relatively modest investments, those are typically expensed. Because we treat that really more along the lines of R&D. And so I would say, overall, those are relatively immaterial investments, not additive to CapEx. And again, I think that's supplementing our R&D into new products for the future.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we've also had a number of questions related to our potash assets, including questions from Adam Samuelson of Goldman and PJ Juvekar of Citi. So this is really a three part question. One, what was the driver behind changing your volume impacted guidance? And how does this change total production expectations for 2022? Second, what are the ARO costs associated with the closure of K1 and K2? And lastly, what does the cost structure look like in 2022?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Laura. Our volume production guidance was adjusted basically, because of two things First of all, the acceleration of our shaft and K3 and being able to move into production areas sooner in that K3 area, which will increase the contribution from about buying in the fourth quarter. We also were able to optimize some of our turnarounds at the mills because they are being fully utilized. And then the second part is a successful restart of Colonsay, which really has come up very well. And we've been very pleased with the rate at which we've been able to get it into production. Matter of fact that commissioned the mill just the other day so we're fully ready to run there Colonsay. And between the two of them, we've been able to accelerate our ability to produce tons at those two operations, which is mitigated some of the loss that we have from the early closure of K1 and K2. As far as closure costs for K1 and K2, in the second quarter, there were $158 million, most of which was non-cash write-off, $110 million was fixed asset write downs. $37 million dollars was ARO adjustments, and then [technical difficulty] MRO write offs, $4 million was contractor severance. In terms of the ARO itself, the $37 million brings a total up to about $120 million for ARO, of which $70 million to $100 million, let's say will be in the closure of those two mine shafts. Of that 40% or so will be spent this year and the rest will be spent next year of final closure of that. For the third part of the question of our cost structures. If we do the summer parts, our K3 mine, at 6 million tonne operating capacity will be one of the lowest costs in the world. We set that doing the $50 range already. Belle Plaine is also very low cost and very well positioned on the cost curve and now at 3 million tonnes of our operating capacity. Colonsay costs are still expected to be in the $100 per tonne range as per our previous guidance. We're looking at ways to reduce that amount. So you can kind of work it out from that 80% to 90% of our costs will be at that very first quartile and then we'll make up the difference with slightly higher costs from Colonsay at $100 a tonne, assuming we actually need those times to meet the market requirements. Let me emphasize that at these prices, Colonsay a tonnes are still very profitable and we would expect that to have a very good margin in today's environment.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, jack. Operator at this point we'd like to open it up for follow up questions from the phones.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. Was hoping to maybe ask about the fertilizer advantage business a little bit. You've called out in the script and in the prepared remarks, an increasing the inflation there. It seemed like you're moving from a both phosphate conversion costs and rock mining costs away from your 2023 cost targets. And I'm just trying to get a sense of kind of what the plan is to maybe bend the curve on inflation and get back down to those 2023 cost targets over the next 18 months or so?
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Adam. Look, if you go back to our multi-part analyst presentations, I think you'll remember we did say that we would correct the expectations of these costs things based on inflation. And over time, our expectation is if there's higher inflation in Brazil, that that will be offset by a weakening Brazilian real. So, I just want to highlight that we have accounted or we were not expecting to account for inflation. And this was a method of offsetting inflation. So you have to adjust those cost numbers based on that. But overall, we continue to drive very hard. I think you'll see in our results that we continue to drive very hard for those transformational benefits as we call them. And a big chunk of that is reducing our costs of mining. And in that, I just want to highlight that this quarter was exacerbated by lower rates caused by some downtime, and that doesn't increase your costs because of the fixed cost absorption.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly: Thanks, Joc. There's a longstanding perception among investors that more operational hiccups than other producers. You obviously can't control the supply of sulfur and stuff like that. But when you look at all the operating metrics internally and the changes you've made to process, has your Florida system become materially more reliable? And I'm very curious how you would answer that question on phosphate potash curve?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thanks, Mark. Well, I would say, definitely, yes. We've spent a lot of time and a lot of the area where our cost improvements have come from better operational reliability, better maintenance control, better outcomes of turnarounds. There is a high level of unpredictability in any large system. And frankly, our system runs very close to its capacity. So, in the case of sulfur, with very good spring ahead of us, a little sulfur hiccup impacted our tonnage. But I think if you look at it over time, you'll see that really, we have run very close to our capacity and make big improvements in that area. Likewise, in potash, I mean, if you look back where we were running the three potash lines continuously, you had a lot of flexibility, which we don't have anymore. So we do need those plants to run consistently all the time. And for the most part, we believe they do now and I think those have been big improvements to how we can keep our costs at a much lower level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. A question on phosphates. As phosphate prices moved up, China, maybe opportunistically raised exports. And we've seen that in other fertilizers as well in ammonia, Chinese - urea as Chinese exports went up. What is your confidence level that Chinese exports will decline in second half, which is what you said in your remarks?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thanks, PJ. I'll talk a little bit about this, but I'm going to hand it to Jenny, because I think she's got a pretty good idea on the world supply and demand and some of the forces here. But let me say, the Chinese do need to get their domestic phosphate to their farmers for the growing season in the next quarter. And as such, internal demand is going to be high. But one of two things basically has to happen, either the price has to go up internally in China, or they will put restrictions on exports. Either way, our expectation is from a supply and demand perspective, that demand is there internally in the country. And these exports should slow down. Jenny, do you want to talk a little bit about particularly some of their government interactions?
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. PJ, you're right. We have seen the Chinese exports of a phosphate probably urea, as well have increased in the first half of the year, driven by very strong international market. The demand was so strong and it's a pure economics driven. As a result of that the Chinese government has been growing concerns over the supply availability for the domestic market as well as the raising prices for the domestic market as well. So as a result of this concern, the NDRC they called the Ministry in China Development - The National Development and Reform Committee has required the major producers of nitrogen and phosphate to meet basically the guidance NDRC to the major producers where you guys need to stop export. And you need to prioritize your supply to the domestic market and also supervise the price. We know why they do it. They need to maximize the production in China. So that's their priority. So at this moment, NDRC's requests are kind of soft regulation, requests are mainly to the state-owned enterprises. How these major producers are going to comply and the follow the guidance from NDRC? The government is closely watching it. And they're looking at whether the domestic supply is being improved and if the prices have been civilized. And if the situation is not believed to be improved over the next period of time, we may see a very hard measurement to be taken by NDRC. The reason that we have that confidence one is coming from the other industry, if you pay attention to the steel industry, which are the Chinese government imposed exports tax in May. And then that was not strong enough at the time and yesterday, they hiked exports tax again. So that's one of the measurements that NDRC has taken to the steel export. Whether they could do the same to phosphate and possibly to urea, that will really be depending on how much export is coming up over the next two months. We will see the significant slowdown will come in from September and Q4 because the export in July and August probably has been committed earlier before this request was sent by NDRC. Over to you.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Jenny.
Operator: Our next question is from John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Could you talk a little bit about the Belarus potash sanctions and maybe compare and contrast that with the earlier U.S. sanctions on phosphates?
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, John. Interesting and I guess the Belarus sanctions were - I'm going to call them relatively toothless. They didn't have very much fight to them in the basis that they didn't include what were the most of the main grades of potash. I think the only affected about 20% of the industrial potash that Belarus might have sold. So other than the slap on the wrist, it really wasn't much of a restriction to the Belarusians. And with food security concerns in the mix, I'm not surprised by that. Compare that to the CBD which was - I mean, the countervailing duty case was all about unfair subsidies. And really taking advantage of those unfair subsidies to impact the market and particularly harm the U.S. producers. So I think very, very different situations and drivers. But what I would say about the CBD and I think I've said this in my opening remarks is now with the CBD, what we're seeing is we're seeing a number of new countries and companies importing into the U.S. And we're seeing the market run at essentially parodied other major markets, which I think is what we expect, in the case of Russia. I mean, it was simply a political statement to hopefully put pressure on Lukashenko to do something about some of their human rights issues.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Luke Washer: Hi, good morning. That's actually Luke Washer on for Steve. I wanted to ask about your Chinese or your thoughts on Chinese import inventories of potash. Where do they today from what you can tell relative to history? And when do you think China should start looking to renegotiate at a potash contract?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thank you, Luke. Again, I'm going to hand a little of this over to Jenny. But I can tell you right now that the potash inventories at port and probably our country as well are starting to get fairly depleted. And I think you're starting to be at a place where they'll have to dip into their National Reserve if they're going to continue to supply the NPK producers and the internal market. So from that perspective, this is getting pretty tight for China. And I expect that they will not the producers, because I don't think the producers are in a position of needing to ship those tonnes. But I think China will have to start looking, negotiating their next round of purchases sooner rather than later. Jenny, any comments on port inventories?
Jenny Wang: Sure. Specific port inventory, as of today, we see it is below 2.3 million tonnes. This is 35% lower than the same time of last year. So if you recall, the national reserve itself is 1.5 million. So the available tonnes really is really minimal. So that's just to support Joc's earlier comment. With a very strong demand domestically in China, strong spring has drawdown the inventory. And also, we believe import in the second half world will be largely slower down. So we foresee the buyers, the importers will have to come to the table for a negotiation of a new contract sooner than many would have expected.
Joc O'Rourke: Just like to highlight that the Chinese contract is probably $100 lower than the Asian price. So that really makes it difficult for them to receive the product they need at these prices - at those prices.
Operator: Our next question is from Adrien Tamagno with Berenberg. Your line is open.
Adrien Tamagno: Hello, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So question on Brazil. So you mentioned low channel inventories across the globe. And I would like to ask you a bit more specific things, that's also the case in Brazil, and your expectation for Q3 volumes in the country.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Adrian. Well, our belief is that yes in fact, the volumes are relatively low inventories in Brazil. Obviously, with the price is what we shop on our books will be slightly higher than normal because of the price of the product. But yes, the prices are - the inventory is lower than usual, although it is of course built up for expectations of a strong third quarter where we do deliver most of our product. So our expectation for the third quarter will be very strong in in Brazil. What we expect to see there is with the drought conditions, planting maybe a little later. So it might push the purchases back slightly, but there will be higher prices and pretty strong demand for fertilizer in this third quarter and probably heading into fourth quarter.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Pickens with Beacon Research. Your line is open.
Michael Pickens: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up a little bit more on Brazil. And specifically looking at kind of the distribution business. And just trying to understand you mentioned that some of those sales took place at $600 potash. When we think about kind of the timing of when your distribution business typically purchases inputs, is there the margins maybe be a little bit higher than normal on the distribution side. And then also, just wanted to understand on the production side, how much of a freight advantage you might have with some of your in market, phosphate production. Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, thanks, Michael. Great couple of questions. The way we report the earnings and our distribution business. Of course we're purchasing from Competex [ph] and within the market. So what you can expect there is us to have an ongoing position, if you will. And so in cases of a rising market like we see today, there's no question we will have a positioning game. And our product management team is very efficient at making sure that we understand the market so that we take the positions and can realize as much greater margin as possible. And certainly in this environment, we're able to execute on that and take advantage of that district margins. The second part of your question, I mean, comes to an important piece of our whole investment thesis in Brazil, which is to compete in Brazil, being in country and having that transportation advantage is a great thing, both from a cost perspective. And so if you look at our in country production, it's very competitive on a cost basis. It's also competitive - our overall is competitive on a logistics basis because we can really take advantage of moving product more effectively than if we had - didn't have the assets we have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning Joc. Joc, you talked about liquidity in potash market. I appreciate your commentary earlier on the issues in Western Canada around the wildfires, the ports and rail. Some of your competitors in potash, I've been saying that the benchmarks we're seeing report every week just really aren't real, now getting 600 and Brazil, now I'm getting 500. And then some of the Southeast Asian prices have been interesting last couple weeks, maybe based on one deal or two deal you told me and kind of [Indiscernible]. So I want to know what is the liquidity right now in the potash market for what you're selling versus normal time. Like are these benchmarks as liquid as usual?
Joc O'Rourke: Joel, thanks for the question. Let me start by saying first of all, the liquidity question is very seasonal. We're not selling a lot in North America right now. I think we had a crew that was at the Southwest Conference recently. And most of our North American customers are probably 70% to 75% supplied for the fall season. So in that sense, there's not a whole lot of activity except for delivering on previous contracts. If you think about some of the other areas, there's liquidity and there's liquidity in Indonesia, Malaysia, in some of the Asian countries, that would be sort of more normal. And then if you look at Brazil again, we're sort of between seasons a little business been a bit slow. So I would say, it hasn't been a particularly liquid market at this stage. But that is not a typical for this time of year.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Rikin Patel from Exane BNP. Your line is open.
Rikin Patel: Hi, Joc, hi, Clint. Hope you're doing well. And just one more spin on potash demand, you have shipment forecast of 69 million to 71.4 million tonnes for 2021. But just curious into 2022 could you size what you think demands could look like? And you guys flagged obviously the lack of available supply and as sort of constraining demand to extend at the moment so we do get that sort of release, potentially next year? What do you think demand could look like in 2020? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Rikin. I think that's actually quite relevant, I think supply has been a limiter to demand growth, if you will in the year. We had some 6 million tonnes of growth last year, and we really expected to moderate quite this year. So what this year growing as it has, I think the biggest limitation has just been getting supply. As we go into 2022. It's always hard to look into the future, but I would think we would be returning to more normal growth rates. One of the things to talk about this year though, is I don't think we've built up about a bunch of talent already. So I think channel inventory states low. 2022 will be normal demand growth called million to million and half tonnes in that 2% plus range. And then what the question will be, will there be channel inventory build, in which case - which ultimately has to happen for this market to be more fluid as per Joel's previous question. So if the channel inventory can build, we could see a higher demand growth in 2022. So, it's going to depend obviously on the ag markets. But we're looking pretty positive for 2022 opportunity for growth. Jenny, anything to add to that?
Jenny Wang: No, I think you get this covered. We believe with the ag commodity prices, not only corn, soybean, but also the palm oil prices for Malaysia, Indonesia, and other crops. We believe the demand to potash next year will continue to grow very strongly. The supply is likely going to be limitations factor.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Now I turn the call back over to Joc for closing remarks.
Joc O'Rourke: Well, I would like to thank everyone for joining us on this call. I will say it has been a strong quarter for us. And as we look forward, we still see strength going forwards. We continue to drive for improvements in our operating performance. The markets continue to be positive for that. And with that, we believe we are well positioned for continued performance as we go forward. So thank you for joining our call. Please have a safe day. Go get vaccinated. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing; and other members of the leadership team will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release, performance data, attached as exhibits to yesterday's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call today. Mosaic delivered excellent results in the quarter with revenues up almost 30% year-over-year and the gross margin rate at the highest level since early [Technical Difficulty] and our momentum continues to build. Higher fertilizer prices driven by very strong global demand, tight supply and excellent agricultural fundamentals combined with our significantly improved cost structure lead us through a positive outlook for the remainder of the year. Laura, let's get on to the analyst questions.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have received several questions about nutrient affordability, its impact on demand and sensitivity to commodity prices. Specifically how elastic does developed market demand tend to be? And how much application elasticity do you see in emerging markets?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Generally speaking, within normal ranges grower demand for fertilizer is relatively priced in elastic, whether that would be in developed or emerging markets. Accepting that changes to demand would then be driven by acreage and by yield expectations. However, growers will look at the return on investment of fertilizer applications and particularly if prices of crops are elevated or conversely if they're down, they will adjust their rates higher or lower in order to maximize their yield potential. It certainly appears that last year and now this year, we're seeing signs of some of those upward adjustments to application rates. In India, maximum retail price is set by the government as such Indian farmer affordability may be negatively impacted this year.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, a few of our analysts had questions regarding our phosphate sales volumes during the quarter. P.J. Juvekar from Citi and Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley both asked about our sales volumes being higher than our production volumes despite lower inventories and raw material constraints. Did Mosaic drive down further inventories? And will that offset the sulfur impact?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you gentlemen. Our inventories do continue to be below typical levels for this time of the year, but you must understand that this is normally the time of the year where strong spring demand means we will run down our inventory and that's typical at most years. At the end of the quarter, we certainly had lower than normal inventories. However, we also relied on 100,000 tons per month that flowed through the phosphate segment.
Laura Gagnon: John Roberts of UBS and Joel Jackson of BMO asked for additional color around the sulfur market specifically is the sulfur shortage only a North American phenomenon or sulfur prices going up elsewhere also? Do we think the situation could extend into the second half of the year? And what plans do we have in place to resolve the Q2 sulfur shortage?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you gentlemen. This year, the molten sulfur supply was constrained due to COVID impacts on refineries. And this was exacerbated in that freeze at the February of 2021. So, when you ask if this a local or global issue? Certainly, sulfur is played around the world, but particularly molten sulfur is very tight right now. So you will see that we actually melted more in our melters than we normally would and that was actually up 27% from a normal of about 20%. Now, we do expect U.S. refinery activity to recover in the second half, which would take us back to more normal levels.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Michael Piken of Cleveland Research, Ben Isaacson of Scotia, Andrew Wong of RBC, and Steve Byrne of Bank of America, all asked for an updated on Canpotex negotiations with China. In particular, they asked that with the domestic potash price in China now well over $100 per ton higher than the last import contract price and about $100 per ton about the recent India contract price. What are the implications for a new contract in late 2021? And what might the effect be on 2022?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Look Canpotex is committed through quarter three as they've said publicly, and we're seeing strong demand in North America, in Brazil, in Southeast Asia, all of which we're seeing prices go up. And this price strength is also occurring in China spot markets. So, we see all of those markets as having high demand, which is shown by Canpotex' tight supply and even in India now which had an updated contract is now well out of the money and seems to be outdated. So, we see all of these things is very positive for the potash market moving forward. And I expect they will lead to an earlier and more constructive settlement with the Chinese at some point in the fall or early next year.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, I have a two part question here. Michael Piken of Cleveland and Adrien Tamagno of Berenberg and Ben Isaacson of Scotia have all asked about Mosaic Fertilizantes. First, do you have guidance for Mosaic Fertilizantes from a pricing and margin standpoint? Or how should we think about pricing and margin progression as Fertilizantes?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. While we don't give specific guidance for Mosaic Fertilizantes, we have said that out of the pricing sensitivity we provide in our earnings materials per DAP, about 20% of that enterprise impact occurs in Mosaic Fertilizantes. Now, also we have historically seen distribution margins in the range of $25 to $40 per ton. We believe that those two together should give you the information you need to model our Brazil business. In terms of cost, our quarter one was impacted by a few short-term issues related to mine productivity and lower conversion rates, which are temporary in nature and should improve throughout the year. Also remember there are actions being taken for COVID the will impact our costs short-term in Brazil as they are in a fairly serious spot with COVID right now. Finally, depreciation of the Brazilian real has offset the increase in inflationary pressures that we're seeing there.
Laura Gagnon: The second part to that question, Joc, was a follow-up. Could you discuss seeming disconnect between the magnitude of price appreciation per MAP versus a much smaller increase in average realized selling prices for Mosaic Fertilizantes sales.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Our average selling price includes blends that have a significant amount of nitrogen, potash and lower grade phosphate materials in them. Portion of which will vary throughout the season, and can have a real impact on our realized pricing. Beyond that a significant portion of Q1 sales were committed in Q4, which contributed to the pricing lag and that is typical in Brazil due to [Technical Difficulty] constraints in that country.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have received several questions on India. In particular, John Roberts from UBS and Andrew Wong of RBC asked about our outlook for India's agriculture business, fertilizer demand and nutrient affordability resulting from higher retail prices. They would also like to know if COVID is having any impact.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, gentlemen. Look good monsoons and [Technical Difficulty], and even still attractive crop prices continue to point a favorable farmer economics in India. Certainly, COVID is disrupting activity as the country goes into lockdown. And we've seen a bit of a pause in the near-term activities. So we're waiting to see how the country addresses recent outbreaks. While COVID is a near-term headwind, the underlying demand for nutrients remains significant as indicated by the extremely low inventories and still strong crop prices. We will not speculate on subsidy changes, but believe the government is committed to maintaining domestic food security.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, P.J. Juvekar of Citi, Seth Goldstein of Morningstar and Michael Piken of Cleveland Research have all asked for thoughts on Chinese phosphate supply and demand. What are our expectations for Chinese phosphate exports in 2021? And are we concerned that attractive pricing could lead to higher operating rates?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Our base case for 2021 shows phosphate exports relatively unchanged, and we expect them to stay at around a 9.3 million tons we saw in 2020. Now clearly and even the latest reports show, the operating rates in China are up probably exceeding 80%, but most of that is going to internal demand inside the country. So we have seen so far exports that are right on our expected target. Also, there have been several structural changes that occurred last year in China. And I'm going to let Jenny just give a little bit of background on some of the major ones there.
Jenny Wang: Sure, Joc. We're seeing some structure changes in the Chinese phosphates in The Streets since last year. On the supply side, the Chinese largest producer of DPC didn't have shifted their production from producing DAP, MAP fertilizer to other industrialized use of P205. For example, they have shifted production to purify [indiscernible], and not only for use of in the food industry, but also in the emerging growth of electrical vehicle and the 5G stations demand to the batteries. We see this is going to continue in 2021 and going forward. Therefore, we are going to see less P205 to be produced at DAP and MAP. That change is really on the demand side. Domestic phosphates has grown in 2020 which has hit most of the increased production in Q1 at home, therefore we see really little export increases in first quarter. Over to you Joc.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, follow up on this topic, John Roberts and Ben Isaacson both asked about the marginal cost phosphate producers, specifically have cost for marginal producers trust with phosphate pricing.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you. Price increases for the integrated producers have largely outpaced production cost increases, including those in China to the point that most Chinese producers there are experiencing good margins despite higher raw material costs. So now the marginal cost producers are predominantly the non-integrated producers in India, and particularly those that are reliant on imported phosphoric acid. Their DAP production costs of the new Q2 phosphoric acid contract price of $998 per ton is about $615 per ton or about $50 per ton higher than the Indian imported DAP price.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have two questions on global distribution businesses. First, Mark Connelly from Stephens asked what's good across the cycle margin assumption for distribution is now even our operational improvements in growth.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, mark. Historically, we've targeted around $25 a ton for our distribution business, but we have seen that improved with economies of scale and efficiencies and we've seen that margin expand recently. Scale matters and this has led to this quarter's margin of $40 a ton and even higher for our combined business in India and China.
Laura Gagnon: Andrew Wong of RBC also asked what China and India distribution contribute to earnings.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Andrew. In this quarter, we have a combined gross margin of the two businesses inside around $30 million. And but we have to understand that that margin was enhanced by the upward trajectory of phosphate and potash, which allowed for profit from the inventory that was held by those businesses.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have a few questions on free cash flow generation and capital allocation. First, Vincent Andrews asks why net income increased by $300 million quarter-over-quarter, but cash flow from operations only increased by $130 million. What are the drivers and cash flow from operations this year versus last?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Vincent. I'm going to hand this straight over to Clint to talk about our cash flow.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Joc, and good morning, Vincent. I think there are – specific to the year-over-year, I think a large part of that is inventory movements between the two years. Last year, we were – if you recall, we had very significant inventories where we're liquidating some of those excess inventories where this year our inventory is built by about $180 million mostly in Brazil and Canada. So I think a year-over-year comparison that's what's driving a lot of it, but also recall that every year during the first quarter there are some pretty meaningful accruals that are actually paid out in the first quarter. Those accruals primarily being some tax accruals from the previous year that actually pay out and hit our free cash flow in the first quarter of every year, as well as our short-term incentive accruals that again or accrued previous year, but paid out in the first quarter of every year. So that's just something to keep in mind that are recurring things in the first quarter of each year.
Laura Gagnon: Second related question comes from Ben Isaacson of Scotia, who asks if Mosaic has revised its thoughts on capital allocation, given the strong free cash flow Mosaic will generate this year, especially as K3 CapEx winds down?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Ben. The simple answer here is no we're not changing our priorities. We continue to have our approach to capital allocation, which balances debt repayment, return to shareholders and investing in the business in high return quick payback projects. And there is a couple of things I'd like to highlight here out. Earlier this year, we increased the dividend by 50%. We've committed to paying down $450 million of long-term debt that comes due in November. And the other piece is we've had a number of really good return projects in our transformation. And we continue to invest small, but meaningfully in those high return quick payback projects. So, we completely remain committed to doing exactly what we've said all along, which is balancing off all of our positions. And frankly, that's what our investors have said they of us. Thank you. That ends our fireside chat. Now, I would like to open the phone lines up for any further questions from the audience.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Steve Byrne: Hi. You have reportedly some forward sales into the third quarter of MAP and DAP at prices with a five in the front that sees like a fairly lofty price, but I have no idea whether the volume is really light. Can you comment on how much forward sales you have into third quarter right now and maybe compare that to historical levels. Are you seeing the distribution channel more interested in building inventories even at these prices than normal? Or are the high prices causing kind of a pullback and a wait and see approach?
Operator: Standby. We've lost connection to the group. We will be right back.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Hello, operator. We're back.
Operator: That's perfect. And Steve Byrne, your line is now open. You may ask your question please.
Steve Byrne: Okay. I guess you didn't like that question, Joc. Do you want me to run it by again?
Joc O'Rourke: I would love you too. I think I got two words into it, so it wasn't anything about your question. We love your questions.
Steve Byrne: Okay. It's really about your forward order book. There is some reported sales of phosphate, both MAP and DAP in mid 500s a short ton into the third quarter. How much volume have you sold forward and maybe more broadly? How would you characterize the demand outlook into the fall at this point, relative to historical levels – in ag cycle causing that distribution channel to aggressively want to rebuild inventories? Or is there a risk that we could see a pullback and more of a wait and see until later in the year?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Again, I apologize for the loss of connection for a few seconds. Yes, in terms of the forward order book, if you will, I suspect what you're referring to is – I think late last week we started to have people come to us with summer fill needs. So the spring season is basically finished from our perspective and now some of the larger retailers have come to us, looking for a positioning material for the fall. It is a little early for a fall program. And frankly, we think that prices were we expected some little dip in prices as you go into the summer low, but with the tightness that is in the market globally. And then in North America, we're starting to see people come to the market earlier. So we were looking at this as a very good sign and a good sign for an early and aggressive fall application season.
Operator: Next question we have from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, maybe along the similar line Joc. I'm just trying to think about your phosphate realizations and the gap in your, kind of what you're talking about in terms of your second quarter price improvement versus what we're seeing in the pricing out of Tampa or NOLA. It seems like the benchmark prices have gone up more. Is that a function of the volume shortfall and pretty committed tons? I'm just trying to make sure we're understanding the gap there seems to be wider versus the published benchmarks in the ministry?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Adam. Well, I think, there's a couple of things there. Of course, there was great demand earlier in the spring season than usual, I think, because of the low inventories we start off with. But so there is always a big lag in this as we sell early Q1, even Q4, we're not rev wrecking them until well into this quarter. So there's always that, and then there's the people who are buying early and that's when they – when the prices gets that when they buy. So if we look at the ending price or the high prices in the 590, it was only there for a short period of time. And it was probably for the just in time deliveries, as opposed to the people who'd planned better. So we expect now we're going to see Q3 average net paybacks raise again, as we sell into the summer fill. And basically, we'll move into the – into the fall with that and we don't have much lower price to carry over anymore. So the light will decrease.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is now open. You may ask a question.
John Roberts: Thank you. It sounds like you're not thinking about any big investments, but since conditions are improving, when that time comes, do you think it will first be in potash or first in phosphate or distribution acquisition or maybe further back integration into ammonia? Where do you think big opportunity comes from?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks. Well, look the way I would probably characterize this as I'd like to see the money in the bank before we talk about how we're going to spend it. So our first priorities continue to be that. We've talked about the paying down debt. We've talked about the priorities being the returning money to shareholders, and we're not going to rush out and spend a bunch of money on anything until, and if the right opportunity comes where we believe that we can add real value and get an extraordinary return for the shareholders. So, I wouldn't think about any of those, three is being our priority. I think we'd look at all opportunities, but they have to have great risk return – risk adjusted return.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is now open. You may ask a question.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. One of my questions is, if you look at OCP and Russians, at today's prices, they can import here, pay the CVD and still make more money than what they did a couple of years ago when they were exporting a lot. Do you expect that – those volumes to come in here as the market commence tight?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks PJ. Start by saying there have been a number of new importers into the U.S. such that I think quarter one volume of imports into the U.S. were pretty much on par with what they were here. So it's not that we've got less important. It's just; we have different importers or different people coming into this market. In terms of OCP and Russians, I mean, they're welcomed to come into this market, but it doesn't really make sense with a OCP, with a 20% tariff that they wouldn't go to a market – another market like India or whatever, which is not being tariffed right now. So I think they'll go to where their profits are the highest, which would not be North America at this point. There is other markets with the same price without the tariff.
Operator: We had the next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now opening. You may ask a question
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning, Joc. Maybe into the cap allocation, the lock-up for Vale's shares have been over for quite some time. How much are you put on maybe saving some cash, things and dry powder to check out those shares, to clean up those shares in one day?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Joel. Well, I think we said before that we would certainly look at participating if Vale's sharers came to the market. And I guess the way I would look at that is although they're really no different than buying back anyone else's shares, the reason for participating would be more to make sure that there was a more orderly and less disruptive impact on the market. So we think we would participate. We'll participate based on our cash position at the time. And we'll look at it at the moment, at this stage we don't have official word from Vale on what they're going to do with those shares or when. So – but they'll be public. They'll be the ones to tell us when they're going to sell them and if they, do we'll certainly look at how much and how aggressively we participate.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens. Your line is now open. You may ask question.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Joc, I was hoping you could talk to us a little bit more about your aspirations for biologicals, and we usually see seeding that chem companies focused on that. You got a couple of partnerships. Now you're talking about nitrogen fixing, soil enhancements. Can you give us a sense of how broad your interest there goes for those things, really run the gamut?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks Mark. Well, look, what we're looking at with that is how do we extend our product lines? How do we use our beneficial distribution system? I mean, we've got a big distribution system, for instance in Brazil where we can – we can really help these products get to market. But I would say, look its early days, we are making some small, but well thought out investments. And what we're doing right now is trying to fill a pipeline and that pipeline will be filled over time. And if you think about it, no different than the micro essentials, which took years to develop, these will take years to develop. I think new [indiscernible] are our Sus-Terra product is now just going to market. We would expect our sound products to go-to-market in the next, I guess, year or two. And then our – like Biome would go-to-market probably in the year after that. So, I mean, these are long-term small investments that are likely to do well over time, but we have to get into it first.
Mark Connelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from the line of Adrien Tamagno from Berenberg. Your line is now open. You may ask a question.
Adrien Tamagno: Hello. Good morning. Question will be phosphate division, please. Can you comment on expected evolution of utilization rate of U.S. costal assets going forward? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, I missed utilization – utilization rate did you say of phosphates? Yes. Look the U.S. is a relatively stable mature market, but what we are seeing and particularly with the advent of well, the precision agriculture, actually, the farmers are really looking hard at what they need to do in terms of putting better fertilizers, better technology into their crops. And one of the things that's benefiting from that is probably a higher usage of phosphate fertilizers in particularly our micro essentials, which is an efficiency improving fertilizer.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. You may ask a question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Joc, I was wondering just with the improving kind of market outlook in the potash space how maybe kind of restarting or bringing back some of the idle Colonsay capacity and what it would take from the market to think about bringing that capacity back on?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Adam. That's an important question that we're spending actually a fair bit of time on right now because the demand for potash has been strong. So, look we fully expect to meet the demand of our customers and we're seeing an increased demand particularly internationally. So when we can legitimately bring back Colonsay, because it's got a price or we now expect price for long enough we'll be doing just that. And right now we're able to supply our needs through our ramping up K3 and our bell plane. But there will be a time soon or in the next year or two, I suspect where Colonsay may be required, but it will also require a sustained price probably a little higher than what it is even today.
Operator: Thank you. We have the next question comes from the line with Adrien Tamagno from Berenberg. Your line is now open. You may ask a question.
Adrien Tamagno: Hello. Thanks for the follow-up. So we already are, I was referring to the duration of your own operations, you probably got nothing in the market to lose down to 77% in Q1? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Our expectations Adrien are that we will run those plants probably pretty hard for next six, nine months because – and the limit will be like we've said earlier. I think the limit to production may be, at least in the near term will be the sulfur availability. So we expect to run those with allowing for turnarounds and regular maintenance, but we expect to run those close to a full capacity.
Adrien Tamagno: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Your line is now open. You may ask a question.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Given your sulfur shortages, you said that your second quarter tons would be about equal to your production. What’s current level of production? And then secondly in terms of the tariffs on phosphate in the United States can they be changed over the next few years, or are they in place for the next five years for the base case?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. So, let me answer. First of all, I think our sales in last quarter was about 2.1 of which, and I think production was in the range of the 1.9 million tons. I think what we can be looking at in the second quarter probably is slightly down from that, we may drop into 40 slightly, but I would have expected that same range in that 2 million ton mark would be probably above where our production will be accepting what we're predicting for sulfur for limitations. And recognize those will need sales. The second, Jeff, just repeat your second part of your question. I was rushed to write it down. John, well what was the second part of the question?
Operator: Thank you. We have the next question comes from the line of…
Joc O'Rourke: Jeff, let me finish the story. Sorry, the CVD question, I locked it down quick enough. So in terms of the CVD, there is a yearly review of that amount. And even as we move forward, there is an opportunity for some level of review of those both the damages and of the actual numbers. And so there could be some change on either the – from the department of commerce in terms of what they look and we believe we have actually been reasoning why the CVD rates actually should be higher. So we'll see what happens there, but I suspect there wouldn't be major changes in that in the next year or two. But after that, there will be annual reviews that what tell us whether they continue or whether they can be modified?
Operator: Thank you. And we had last question comes from the line of Rikin Patel for Exane. Your line is now open. You may ask question.
Rikin Patel: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. Just one on potash and with your upgraded shipment guidance for 69 million to 71 million tons. I am just curious what sort of puts and takes are required to get used to that 71 million on the upper end? And maybe just more broadly speaking on the phosphate business, give ammonia is a key input and over that longer time, I'm just curious how you think about decarburizing that production process and any thoughts around agreed ammonia and how that might factor into your thinking going forward? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Rikin. Well, let me start with our potash. If we look at the expectations on potash this year, I'd start by saying North American demand appears to be very strong and that's one of the gain areas. Brazil will be strong; again we're expecting record use of fertilizer in Brazil it seems year-after-year. We're seeing a big rebound, let's call it in Southeast Asia, particularly Indonesia, Malaysia with their Palm oil, but all the way across Southeast Asia – all the way across Asia, we're seeing good demand. And again, that's probably the only place where it'll be flat year-on-year is probably going to be India. And although we expect a decrease in phosphate use, we sort of expect use in potash. So overall that would be the – those would be the drivers. And if those do better, we could get up to the 71, otherwise we'll probably be more in the 69 to 70 range is kind of our base case. In terms of decarburization if you will, we set some fairly aggressive ESG targets. We said we would reduce our greenhouse gases by about 20%. Sorry, we would decrease our greenhouse gases by 20%, a lot of what we're doing there involves how we're running our phosphate businesses. We've put a lot of effort and resources into to how we can use recycled heat to make power. And over time we see that along with just other uses to use less power et cetera, in terms of the nitrogen, I guess a couple of the nitrogen producers are talking about bringing that and glue nitrogen. At this stage, those really haven't got to the market yet. I would assume that if we can buy a lower intensity – carbon intensity nitrogen for our usage – ammonia for our uses, we would certainly go that direction.
Operator: Thank you. We don't have any question as of the moment from the queue. Please presenters.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. So thank you everyone. I guess we're going to give you back a little bit of time. Let me just close by saying, we – what we're seeing today is the culmination of all the effort we put into for a long time. And now that these markets have started to move forward we're starting to really reap that benefit. And we see that strength going well into the second quarter and through the rest of this year. So with that have a safe and productive day. And thank you very much for listening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full Year 2020 earnings call. Opening comments will be provided by Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, followed by a fireside chat as well as open Q&A. Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jenny Wang, Vice President, Global Strategic Marketing, will also be available to answer your questions. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release furnished yesterday and, in our reports, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our fourth quarter press release, performance data, attached as exhibits to yesterday's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc for opening comments. Joc?
James O'Rourke: Thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I would like to emphasize the key points from our quarterly earnings report. First, we are realizing the benefits of our extensive cost transformation work, and we are beginning to see the earnings leverage we have created. Second, agriculture and fertilizer markets around the globe are very strong. Phosphate prices are at 7-year highs and potash prices have risen substantially. We expect the global supply and demand balance to remain tight in 2021. And third, we delivered great results for 2020, and we expect significantly higher earnings this year. Now we'll get to your questions, Laura?
A - Laura Gagnon: Joc, the CVD filing is a hot topic, and we've received a large number of questions about the case, status and outlook. Can you bring us up-to-date with the case in your views?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Laura. I'd be happy to. Last week, the Department of Commerce announced final duty rates in the CVD case, having adjusted them from the preliminary rates that we announced in November. The final rates are about 20% for OCP, 9% for PhosAgro and 47% for EuroChem. We really appreciate the work the Department of Commerce has done in this investigation and its efforts to enforce our trade laws. We're closely reviewing their findings to determine whether additional upward adjustments are required. Also last week, the International Trade Commission held its public full day hearing. The ITC is charged with determining whether the subject imports caused injury to the U.S. phosphate industry. We continue to believe that our injury case is compelling, especially given the undeniable surge in imports during the relevant period. The price effects of those imports and the resulting harm to the U.S. industry, which manifests itself in plant curtailments and closures, job losses and reduction in market share, production capacity and revenue. We're thankful for the ITC's work on this case, and we look forward to its vote on or above March 11. In terms of the current and expected imports into the U.S., we've seen the expected trade flow shifts, such that the U.S. market continues to be well served with phosphates. Our main concern is that wherever the supply comes from, it needs to be fairly priced and not priced based on highly subsidized production that comes at the expense of a free and fair market.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have a related question from John Roberts at UBS who asks, since the first quarter 2021 U.S. phosphate imports should be flat year-over-year, who has replaced Morocco and Russian imports?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, John. Importers that have increased their sales into the North American market include the Australians, the Jordanians, the Egyptians, the Saudis and the Mexicans. All of these have also been excluded from this market due to the subsidized imports. And so now we're seeing freer and fairer trade. I'd encourage you to look at our market update deck published on our website where Andy provides some historical context as well.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we've had several questions related to our taxes, specifically Jonas Oxgaard at Bernstein asked, can you simplify what happened in the quarter? And how should we think about both the GAAP and cash taxes going forward? And Artem Vodyannikov from VTB asked, if you can provide details on the tax benefit related to Vale acquisitions, how the reserve was formed and why it was reversed in the fourth quarter?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Artem, and Jonas. I'm going to hand this straight over to Clint to give you a little bit of a background on some of the moves in our taxation in the quarter.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Joc. Maybe I'll start with the second question and then move back to Jonas' question afterwards. So related to the tax benefit associated with the Vale acquisitions, when we acquired the Brazil business in 2018, it came with certain tax assets. That we ended up having to put a valuation allowance against, given the historic profitability of that subsidiary, that just according to GAAP rules. What's now transpired is that, that - the profitability of that subsidiary has improved to the point where under GAAP accounting, we can now remove that valuation allowance and affected our GAAP earnings for the year. Now to Jonas' question around our effective tax rate for the year, we actually realized some foreign tax benefits in the fourth quarter that we had originally thought would be temporary in nature and reported on the balance sheet. But as we concluded our analysis, we got our opinions and finished our work, it became apparent that those foreign tax benefits were going to be permanent. And when that's the case, you need to take it through the income statement through P&L on the tax line. When we look at where our earnings and earnings mix came out for the year, which provided a lot - quite a bit of volatility in our rate last year, all of that came out as expected, but as we again concluded our work on these foreign tax benefits and recognize that they were going to be eminent, we ended up needing to, again, run that through the tax line, and that's what brought our effective tax rate down to the level that we recorded. As we go forward into 2021, a couple of things to keep in mind. First, the foreign tax benefits that we recognized in 2020, we expect that to continue to benefit our rate in future years. The other thing to keep in mind is that the better our phosphate business does, the more income is generated in the United States, which is our lowest tax jurisdiction. So the better that business performs, the lower our rate should go.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi, Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley, Mike Piken from Cleveland and Joel Jackson from BMO. They've all asked about our sales volume outlook for 2021. Specifically, can you help investors assess the implications of the strong demand, current production capabilities and our view of channel and producer inventories as we think about volumes for 2021 in phosphates, potash and Mosaic Fertilizantes? And how much of the fourth quarter volumes were pulled from 2021?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, folks. Soft commodity prices are at multiyear highs, and the expectation is that these strong ag economics will continue. So what that applies for us is continuing strong demand for fertilizers as farmers seek to maximize their production. Our quarter 4 shipments were definitely strong and they lowered our inventories even further, which means that we will be constrained by production capacity as we move into 2021. That said, our phosphate volumes are expected to include up to 150,000 tonnes from our joint venture, MWSPC, and we will bring to NOLA that as we work to meet the U.S. customer needs. As a result, we expect our quarter 1 shipments to be in line with historical performance as we work to meet what is pretty strong demand despite the strong volumes, we saw in quarter 4. A few extra things to consider. In both phosphates and potash, we will maximize our production at operating facilities, but we don't expect to be able to build our own inventories prior to the North American spring season. We believe channel inventories across products and regions are lower than normal, which minimizes the potential for deferrals of fertilizer needed for upcoming seasons. We expect to keep more of our U.S. phosphate production here in the U.S. to meet those customer needs.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, our next question comes from Artem Vodyannikov from VTB, Vincent Andrews and Ben Isaacson for Scotia, who've all asked questions related to asset optimization. Can you provide an update on the Colonsay mine and any thoughts on bringing idle capacity back online? Do you have any plans of expanding capacities or increasing operating rates in phosphate and potash amidst such strong pricing?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, again, folks. Look, today, we're running our assets at [indiscernible] and we're working hard to meet all of our customer needs. In terms of increasing production, we're going to meet the needs of the customers with our production. So we have places where we can probably debottleneck over time. Now Colonsay remains idled, but we would consider bringing it back if the long-term economics and the demand was there to justify it. So again, we're not going to bring production on that isn't required, but we do have some latent capacity that we can use if market conditions demand it.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Vincent and Artem also ask for some clarity on the incremental 400,000 tonnes in our fourth quarter volumes.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Vincent and Artem. Two things are happening here. First, a large portion of these tonnes simply relate to a catch of sales through Canpotex to meet our portion of full year sales. And the remaining reflect reduction of our Canpotex inventory deferral. So basically, pretty simple stuff. Remember, these are lower-priced, lower-margin tonnes compared to other sales. And when you net out all of our nonnotable typical year-end noise in the quarter, the net impact to EBITDA was virtually zero.
Laura Gagnon: Moving on to the next question, Joc. A number of analysts, including Duffy Fischer from Barclays; Chris Parkinson from Crédit Suisse; Andrew Wong from RBC; and Steve Byrne from Bank of America have all asked about the China and Indian contracts. Canpotex and other producers have been publicly critical of the recent BPC contract settlement. Typically when one producer settles at a certain price, other producers shortly [indiscernible]. Can you talk about why that's the case? Why haven't other producers in the past held out for higher prices? And for this year, specifically, will the situation end up differently? Do you expect others to hold? And how do you think of the economics at this price?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, folks. Look, I think the surprising outcome here is really centered around the Indian contract, where BPC was the first mover. And as you've heard from other suppliers, including Canpotex, settled at a price that was, what we believe, lower than what market fundamentals were pointing towards. From our perspective, the price doesn't represent the reality we're seeing or the tightness of the market and pricing and other jurisdictions highlights this. I can only speculate as to what motivated BPC to do that. But given the political uncertainty in Belarus over the last year, there may have been nonmarket drivers that played into it. In terms of Mosaic, given that we sell internationally through Canpotex, we're going to allow Canpotex to do what it was set out to do. And therefore, we won't be negotiating contracts on our own or on calls like this. But it is important to keep in mind that contracts involve, prices, volumes, grades and durations. Not to mention any number of other terms, which can impact producer economics and which we believe will come into play given how tight the market is. We would expect Canpotex to take a holistic view as it interacts with Chinese and Indian buyers.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we've had a number of similar questions from Mike Piken, Seth Goldstein from Morningstar, Ben Isaacson and Mark Connelly from Stephens about Chinese phosphate production and exports. What is your expectation for exports for 2021? And how do they align with recoveries from COVID curtailments, potential demand destruction from high prices and the government's latest initiative to increase phosphate operating rates?
James O'Rourke: Thank you. What we saw last year with regard to Chinese exports is they fell by approximately 800,000 tonnes, down to 9.3 million total tonnes. From a capacity standpoint, we believe capacity was reduced by - in 2020 by roughly 1 million tonnes year-over-year, both due to closures and product mix shifting. This was in line with our expectations, and we'd characterize that magnitude is significant. It is expected that in 2021, capacity is going to be stable, but at the same time, domestic demand is likely to increase once again. And our fairly conservative export forecast may be too high. The Chinese government has indicated the desire to increase phosphate operating rates. Our analysis already points to a relatively high operating rate in the Chinese effective capacity. So even if we were to assume a dramatic step higher in Chinese utilization of, say, 5 percentage points, that would increase export availability by no more than 1 million tonnes. And upside growth in domestic demand could easily absorb a portion of those tonnes.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Adam Samuelson and Joel Jackson are both asking about Mosaic Fertilizantes' outlook. Despite a quarter-over-quarter rise in selling prices, gross profit per tonne declined in Fertilizantes in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. Can you explain the key drivers of the decline in operating rate and increase in costs? And how we should think about gross margins progressing into 2021?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, gentlemen. Look, historically, our quarter 3 margin per tonne is the highest of the year in Brazil, reflecting the seasonality of demand and the economy of scale that we see in that quarter. It's normal to see a decline from quarter 3 to quarter 4. This year, though, it's probably exacerbated by additional impact of delaying our [indiscernible], which negatively impact our fixed cost absorption. The movement of the Brazilian real from 5.6 [Technical Difficulty] the end of the quarter also caused a noncash, noneconomic translational impact in the COGS, lowering gross margin by about $13 million. Looking ahead, we continue to make great progress towards our transformation goals, and we expect to see our margins continue to improve because of that over time.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have more questions about Brazil from Steve Byrne and Chris Parkinson. Namely, given the sharp spike in inland Brazilian phosphate prices, can you remind investors of your inland market share and domestic production capabilities? And how much of the 10% volume gain by Fertilizantes in quarter 4 was overall market growth from acreage expansion and higher application rates in Brazil versus market share gains against imported products?
James O'Rourke: Thank you. Our market share in Brazil in 2020 was roughly 18%. But remember, what is driving this? Domestic production and a vast distribution network that gives us a dominant market access position. Our production rates are 3.5 million tonnes of phosphate concentrates in Brazil and about 0.5 million tonnes of potash. Now regarding quarter 4 specifically, we think it was a combination of factors, but market share growth was definitely part of it.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Andrew Wong and Chris Parkinson are asking about capital allocation. A few years ago, Mosaic cut dividend payments during some tough years for potash and phosphate. Now that market conditions have improved and Vale's integration is mostly complete, and Esterhazy K3 is around the corner, what are your thoughts on capital return to shareholders? Are dividend increases or share buybacks in the future? And if current conditions persist, you will have cash flow beyond debt paydown needs, what will you do with it?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you. Our capital allocation priorities are really unchanged. We're targeting a balanced approach and a balanced allocation of capital to pay down debt over time, return capital to shareholders and invest in what we believe are high-return projects to grow our business and maximize value. We've talked about reducing debt by $1 billion, and that remains a priority. We're aiming to fortify our balance sheet for an entire cycle. Our growth capital spending on K3, as you mentioned, is winding down and highlights the types of return we're focused on when thinking about new investments. In terms of capital returns to shareholders, we are evaluating what is a sustainable return policy. Taking into account our earnings profile, our capital spending needs and especially as we continue to drive sustaining [Technical Difficulty]. But we'll be hosting a call on March 11 and we will, in that call, specifically address capital allocation in more depth. And I'd encourage you to listen. And Clint, would you want to add anything to that?
Clint Freeland: No, I think that covers it, Joc.
James O'Rourke: Thank you.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, P.J. Juvekar asks, despite improved volumes in the second half of 2020, why was your operating cash flow weak in the fourth quarter of 2020?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, P.J. If I'm going to sum it up, I think the biggest - I'll let Clint just give you a little bit of detail on that. Clint?
Clint Freeland: I think as we look at last year, our working capital [Technical Difficulty] million in cash as we liquidated our inventories during some of the idling of our facilities. This year, working capital was use of about $140 million in cash primarily because of an elevated level of receivables associated with higher sales.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Jonas Oxgaard and Ben Isaacson are both asking about phosphate pricing outlook. The U.S. phosphate price is well above global prices, which clearly isn't sustainable. Do you have a perspective on where they will both settle out and how long it will take? And what do we need to see in advance of prices moderating?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Ben. Thanks, Jonas. Look, on the U.S. specifically, as we've said before, we do expect the trade flows are going to adjust and find a new normal after the final determination of the CVD petition next month. Now U.S. and international prices will have to be basically at parity adjusted for things like freight differentials. So in other words, if the U.S. prices are high, it will bring in new imports. And if U.S. prices are more parity with the markets, maybe people will be less inclined to imports. So prices will take care of it. Trade will work as trade is supposed to work. And we expect that, that convergence will take place somewhere in 2021. More generally on global pricing, markets are efficient at finding equilibrium. It appears that demand is on very solid footing, given the recent commodity - ag commodity prices, but a few seasons of above trend yields could calm those markets and slow demand growth. And we can never forget the potential impact of weather on both yields and our ability to apply fertilizers. Now we are expecting current prices to modestly lower demand in India given the current subsidy scheme.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Adam Samuelson asks, your guidance calls for the first quarter phosphate price to rise $40 to $50 per tonne quarter-over-quarter would mean average realized prices would have risen less than half of the increase in benchmark prices over the past 9 months. What explains this spread and if current benchmark prices hold, should we expect a more sizable quarter-over-quarter increase in realized pricing for the second quarter?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Adam. Look, the first thing to keep in mind is that some of the recent New Orleans pricing reported at the high end of the range was published in the trade publications. And there were very little volumes actually attached to them. So excluding those data points, the delta is actually quite a bit smaller. We have worked hard to meet our customer needs as well. And so in this rapidly moving market, this means we've committed to sales, in some cases, ahead of our production. This would push the lag between market prices and realized prices higher within our ranges of, let's call it, 45 to 60 days. But given the current price environment, you are absolutely right. If benchmark pricing holds, you will see further price increases realized in the second quarter.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, our last fireside question comes from P.J. Juvekar. He asks, with your phosphate mining cost of $62 per tonne and just to clarify, is this [Technical Difficulty] including sulfur?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you, P.J. We believe in our third-party sources such as CRU really reflect this, that we are solidly within the second quartile on a cash cost and production basis. But as you know, we continue to strive to push ourselves lower on the curve. Now conversion costs, obviously, don't include raw materials of sulfur or ammonia. So what I'd lead you to is we published a modeling deck in February 2020, where we are - and we're in the process of updating that. The sensitivities have been updated in our recent earnings release. This deck also describes the impact of inputs on our production. And so you can follow-up there with Laura or Paul for additional details. Thank you. That concludes our fireside chat part of this call. We'll now open it up to further questions. Operator, can you open it up to the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have our first question come from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Would like to ask a little bit about your understanding of what's going on in China right now. It appears that the government there is changing course on its previous plans to hold fertilizer use constant. Is that your understanding? And if so, do you see a potential change in application rates or consumption of fertilizer in China if those limits were removed and government wanted to drive crop production up to reduce the level of imports?
James O'Rourke: Sorry. Thank you, Steve. Let me just make a couple of comments. Yes. In fact, the federal government in China has said they will loosen their fertilizer restrictions. And they've also said they want to increase the rate of fertilizer production. And obviously, those are to help their own food security. Let me ask Jenny Wang, if she can give a little bit of details there.
Jenny Wang: Sure. Thanks, Joc. Thanks, Steve. I think the policy that you quoted was of 0 fertilizer growth policy. Goal set actually 5 years ago and with a very specific time frame. And by end of 2020, the government has declared the goals have been achieved. So there's no new policies came out in 2021. Instead, the government basically shifted their focus to ensure production - crop production to meet the domestic demand and replacing part of the import as they attempted to. In terms of the fertilizer demand implication, based on the academic's recommendation, also the recommendation from Ministry of Agriculture, there's a very clear indication potash should be interest in terms of the application in China, along with some of the secondary nutrients and the micronutrient. In terms of the indication to phosphate, there was a very clear indication that the farmers need to manage their application to phosphate. And we've seen phosphate demand reduced over the last 5 years. However, that rebounded in 2020. We foresee this is going to continue in 2021 onwards. Basically, the farmers are going to apply phosphate in more appropriate way. Nitrogen is a different story. It's a very clear indication to reduce the supply. Back to the supply situation, China, as a country, they are self-sufficient for the production of phosphate and nitrogen. Thus, we have not seen policy support to - from the government to encourage more capacity to be built in these 2 new trends. Potash, China needs to rely on import and they have limited reserve or hard to explore reserve. So we believe, as a country, they still need to continue to import potash as they grow the demand and also to support their agriculture production.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Chris Parkinson from Crédit Suisse.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. So I guess let's stick with the China theme. Taking a step back from all the debates around export flows, near-term price action, et cetera, et cetera, the fact is China is still the marginal cost exporter to the tune of plus or minus 9 million tonnes across the primary products. There has been a distinct inflationary and steepening of the global cost curve, which spans pretty much across all components of the production costs due to safety, environmental and H3 sulfur rock, especially the Bay, et cetera. Can you just give us your own update on your current calculation of Chinese FOB rates? So at port and how you believe this may compare to your outlook for both '22 and '23. So just really trying to get into the structural components of what we're seeing in the phosphate market.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Chris. If I understand the question on the global cost curve and where China basically sits on it from their - the position in cost curve, I think you're right. There's no question the Chinese represent - or some of the nonintegrated producers particularly represent the top end of that cost curve. And obviously, those costs have been going up. Jenny, do you want to talk a little bit about where we sit on those cost curves or where they sit on those cost curves today?
Jenny Wang: Sure. So with the latest phosphate price [indiscernible] globally, clearly, the margin expansion has occurred across the whole cost curve for all producers. Specifically for the Chinese producers, they are facing the raw material price increases, like you mentioned, sulfur, and also facing the increases of natural gas related to ammonia prices as well. The foreign exchange rate depreciation of Chinese RMB has also added cost to the FOB prices. So at this time, we believe the breakeven FOB Chinese DAP price is about $400 per metric ton.
James O'Rourke: And Chris, let me just add to that as well. I mean the limit to Chinese export may well be structural as well as price because I think the - the very top end producers will have costs higher than that, but also a lot will be redirected to - or some of that will be redirected to the domestic market. So it's not quite as simple as a breakeven price.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Jeffrey Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Two questions. What's the relationship between the deliberations of the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission? And what I mean by that is, are some of the conclusions of the Department of Commerce taken as premises for the decisions that the ITC will make? Or is none of their analysis taken as a premise? And secondly, your equity loss really dropped in the fourth quarter. Do you expect your equity income to be positive in 2021?
James O'Rourke: Sorry. Yes, Jeff, thank you. Let me take that in 2 pieces, obviously. First of all, in terms of the Department of Commerce and the ITC, they are independent and their determination is meant to be independent. So the DoC decides the level of subsidization and the ITC decides whether or not that the presence of those imports has caused harm to the U.S. industry. So technically, I guess they're not related, but I suppose there's got to be some element of relationship that says, well, if you have subsidized material coming in and it harms you, that there's a problem. So technically though, I don't believe they're related directly. In terms of the equity loss, most of that is Ma'aden and I think we've talked about before where Ma'aden is delayed by 1 quarter. So we report our equity earnings or losses from Ma'aden a quarter in arrears. And so if you look at the global price of phosphates today, I would expect certainly a much lower equity loss or for that to turn to a gain at some point. But again, that would be my expectation.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Thinking about phosphate, you gave the comments on pricing, certainly for the first quarter and point on kind of lagging the benchmark pricing is well taken. Can you talk about kind of the cost side? I mean you should have pretty good line of sight to how the ammonia and sulfur input cost moves kind of would impact the first quarter kind of cash margin. And help us think about how you'd frame the first half or even 2021, if you could just from an ammonia, sulfur kind of the movement on the input cost side so we can be thoughtful about calibrating to benchmark pricing.
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Adam. Certainly, as you say, there is a lag, and we've talked about it. In terms of lag in sulfur, there's also a lag for both sulfur [Technical Difficulty] for ammonia. What I would point you to there, I guess, is just the stoichiometric requirement. Our need for ammonia represents about [Technical Difficulty] tonnes per tonne of DAP produced. Our use of sulfur represents about 0.4 tonnes of sulfur for every tonne of DAP produced. So as you can see what that means, if sulfur moves from the $60 to the $90 some that it's at today, a $30 increase in sulfur is going to add something like a $12 increase to our overall price. So in sulfur, you should be able to take fairly much the Gulf price or our quarterly price and work that in. In terms of ammonia, again, same thing, except that, obviously, we produce 1/3 of our ammonia. So that is at normal cost. 1/3 of our ammonia is - 1/3 or so of our ammonia is produced by CF on a long-term contract. And then we only buy about 1/4 of our - 1/4 to 1/3 of our ammonia on spot. So on that one, it's much more dampened, if you will.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: I want to ask about the deep freeze. If it's had any effect on your operations or logistics at the river? And then sort of as a follow-up on that, does a deep freeze limit availability of potash in Midwest?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Okay. Well, let me start with phosphates. Yes, we've actually had some problems in our Faustina plant with freezing. Louisiana isn't a place that freezes very often. So we actually probably will have a couple of days shutdown of that plant, in different parts of the plant. So it's definitely going to have an impact on that. The other area, interestingly enough is moving ships and unloading and loading sulfur in the Gulf of Mexico and [indiscernible] and different parts of the river are definitely - are definitely being impacted. But again, we kind of look at this as being just normal course of business. These things happen. No different than when you have to slow down for hurricane or anything else. So we're well prepared to deal with weather events. In terms of potash, I guess the good news there is we deal with this every year in Canada with cold weather. And so the railways and everything else, the supply chains are well equipped to deal with this kind of cold weather. Although you will remember a few years ago where snow actually delayed the delivery of potash to the Midwest.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson: I have two questions on Brazil. First off, your crop input here, you talked about elevated channel inventories in Brazil impacting some of the crop input volumes there. Can you just talk about that, Fertilizante and the products that you set out? And then also in Brazil, I mean we've seen the Belarusians, the BPC forward sell potash about a year into Brazil at not much higher prices. How does that impact what Canpotex comes down to Brazil and have Fertilizante deals with pricing, too?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Can you help me with your first question about the channel inventory, Joel, I didn't quite get the...?
Joel Jackson: Yes, we've seen different crop input suppliers talk about like larger inventories now in the channel of things like pesticide. And I wanted to see how you would comment - how you see channel inventories in Brazil in some of the crop, some of the nutrition - crop nutrition.
James O'Rourke: Okay. Got it. Let me start by saying good morning, Joel. In terms of our main fertilizers being potash and phosphates, we haven't seen elevated inventories of those. I mean if you look at last year, I think the - in the final analysis, the use of fertilizers is going to be another record year, and I think it's going to top 37 million tonnes in Brazil. So there really was a big, big pull particularly in the third and fourth quarter in the country. And so we don't see elevated or above normal elevated inventories right now. In terms of the Belarusians or anyone else selling fertilizer into Brazil, I guess what I would say is those sales once made are what they are, and they don't affect the other - the rest of the SMB. So if they have below market sales, and we're seeing this with India, China, that it really has not impacted other sales because people need the product. They're willing to pay the market rate for those products. And market rate has moved up. So normal supply and demand is demanding that people pay more for the potash. And particularly, we're seeing that in Brazil, which is almost like a market leader in the potash market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS.
John Roberts: Congratulations on you making the Barron's 100 most sustainable companies list. I don't think we've ever had a fertilizer firm or even an ag firm on that list before. What do you think was the most important reason that you're the first to make that list?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, John. That's a really good question. I think look, if anything, I suspect the reason for it is because we've been focused on it for a long time, and we've set very concrete goals. We just set new goals for both air and water recently in terms of CO2 emissions and water use. But those are followed from 5 years of goals that we achieved over the last 5 years. So I would say, first of all, in terms of the basic environmental projects, we've been very focused on that for a long time. We certainly understand that as a resource company, we have to be more aware and more conscious of our impact on the environment. We believe we do an excellent job of running when we're running and then recovering and reclamation after the fact. And I assume that, that is a big piece of what they are recognizing. And again, while that's not why we do it, we are, of course, honored that they would recognize us in that way.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have our next question come from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: I just wanted to talk a little bit more about K3, and I know you guys talked about kind of potentially boosting your production from 1.2 million to 3 million tonnes this year. Can you sort of break out in terms of the cost savings, how much is going to be brine inflow reductions versus actual savings on K3 and what the cadence might look like as we move into 2022 as well?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Michael. It's a great topic. We've talked about this before, where the K3 project has run significantly ahead of schedule. And it looks like, I think we'll be telling you soon probably slightly under budget. So for a 10-year project or an 8-year project, that's a pretty pleasing outcome. In terms of the design, we expected to produce an extra million tonnes of potash from K3 when it was at full production. That amounts to about 3 million tonnes of incremental ore. So when we say we'll be up to 3 million tonnes, that means we'll be running virtually the whole incremental capacity of K3. Now what happens after that is K3 slowly takes over all production at the Esterhazy facility over the next couple of years. And what does that do for cost? The cost of - first of all, the cost of production instead of producing it, let's say, at Colonsay, we have all the fixed costs. This is all coming in as incremental tonnes. And this is a good part of the reason why we believe our cash cost for mining is going - at Esterhazy is going to end up somewhere below $60 a tonne, probably in that $50 to $60 a tonne range. And that will really drive costs out of our system, and we've talked about $100 million this year from the - producing tonnes from Esterhazy versus Colonsay. So that will continue. And it will continue to go down slightly from here. The other one, of course, is brine cost and brine cost I think peaked at $200 some million a year. They will be basically immaterial by the end of 2021. So we think that's another big improvement. And don't forget as well for Clint's comments, by pretty much by the end of 2021, we'll start ramping down the cost - capital cost of Esterhazy, and that will be another big move towards better cash conversion for the company.
Operator: We have our next question come from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens.
Mark Connelly: Joc, I just wanted to ask if you could help us a little bit understand how much is left in terms of the per tonne cost benefits from the integrated operating center versus what you've already accomplished? And how soon that will be in place?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Okay, Mark. What I would say from our integrated operations center is - it's really the first phase of it. And I wouldn't say that we've really seen in terms of our cost per tonne yet, too much of what the - what that impact is going to be. But that is the basis - the integrated operations center and I think there's a picture of it in the slides. I mean it's - I got a chance to actually run one of the pit cars and it's pretty exciting how remote mining and whatnot is going to start changing things. And I - what I will say is that, that is the basis of our cost targets we're talking about. But more importantly, I think we're going to find new things every day as we start automating, that are going to continue to drive costs out of our system.
Mark Connelly: Okay. So most of the benefits are probably still ahead of this then?
James O'Rourke: Absolutely. Yes.
Operator: And we have no questions at this time. Joc, you may continue.
James O'Rourke: Okay. So that's a wrap here. I know you guys as analysts have had a very busy morning. But before I close, I'd just like to invite you to join us on March 11 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern for our in-depth presentation on optimizing our assets and our capital management, that Clint Freeland and I will be doing. With that, I want to wrap up today's call. But let me say, Mosaic is performing well. We're increasing our global competitiveness by driving our costs down, and we're managing well through the challenges of COVID-19. And with the tailwinds we expect to see from improving fertilizer and agricultural markets this year, we expect strong results to continue throughout 2021. So with that, thank you for joining us. Please have a safe and healthy day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you all for participating, and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Fireside Chat. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2020 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rick McLellan, Senior Vice President, Commercial. We will host a prepared question-and-answer session addressing the questions received last night, followed by a short live Q&A session, time permitting. All of our earnings materials released yesterday after market closed are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our third quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday’s Form 8-K filing, as well as our commentary on the quarter posted to our website also contain information important on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks for joining us today for our quarter three 2020 question-and-answer session. Before we get started, I would like to emphasize our key points from our quarterly earnings report. First, we’re realizing the benefits of our extensive cost transformation work. Gross margin for the quarter was 27% compared with a year ago, despite essentially flat fertilizer prices. Secondly, agriculture and fertilizer markets around the globe are strong and improving. Phosphate prices are up substantially, while potash prices are stable. We expect global supply and demand to remain tight in all of 2021. And third, our balance sheet continues to strengthen. We have repaid all the short-term debt we borrowed to be prepared for COVID impacts, and the business is generating substantial cash. Now, we’ll get to your questions. Laura?
Laura Gagnon: Joc, I’m going to try to go through the most frequently asked questions fairly rapidly to allow time for follow-up questions after. The largest number of questions we received last night related to phosphates markets and the countervailing duty petition. PJ Juvekar from Citi, Joel Jackson from BMO, and Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs are all asking about the impact of trade flow shift. How much premium has been built into the U.S. phosphate prices from the absence of Moroccan and Russian imports? And how will a reduction in the NOLA global parity premium affect your margins? In other words, what would the $50 price increase you expect to realize in the fourth quarter be if the U.S. was at parity today?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. Prices are up globally. Our realizations reflect India prices up over 20% and Brazil prices up 30%, despite increasing imports in both those jurisdictions from Morocco and Russia. While global parity may be less than where NOLA is trading today, it would be significantly higher than where it was trading in June. There seems to be an increasing common misconception somehow that CVD petition is impacting global supply. Market prices are driven by strong supply and demand, not the CVD, which is expected to change trade flows, not overall market. Our petition was aimed at leveling the playing field for all producers selling in U.S., not to eliminate competition. Moroccan and Russian producers chose to pull back completely from the U.S. market, likely leaving their customers short of product. And they did it to make a political point and express their dissatisfaction over this being considered at all. We are doing all we can to best serve our customers. We have even begun importing tons from Ma’aden, simply to meet our customers’ needs. Longer term, it is not our intention to replace Moroccan and Russian tons with products from Saudi for several reasons, not least of which is from a global logistics perspective. It makes more sense for us to send that product into Asia rather than bring it here, but we’re doing that to help our customers. Longer term, we would expect NOLA to trade at global parity. Recognize that global parity prices today are significantly above where they were in June.
Laura Gagnon: Another trade full question comes from PJ. If exports from Morocco and Russia are ending up in India and Brazil, why are prices up there?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. The global supply and demand is stronger than many realized a few months ago. Economic tightness in the market is driving global prices up. Supply has tightened. China exports are down, and we started 2020 with curtailments, including COVID-driven outages. On the demand side, the agricultural economy globally is strong. Food security has become a great priority around the world, and fertilizers are very affordable.
Laura Gagnon: We have a question from Ben Isaacson from Scotia; and John Roberts from UBS. They’re both asking about phosphate pricing momentum. September realized prices improved 11% from August. Did that momentum continue? And how much more upside do you see for the phosphate market?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you. We’ve continued to see prices increase into October and November, and seeing good demand as we move into of 2021. We expect to end this fall with very low inventories, which bodes well for the spring season and winter. So, we are seeing a normal seasonal slowdown, but we expect strong markets to continue into 2021. And as we mentioned in our written remarks, we expect prices in the fourth quarter to be up $50 per ton over the third quarter.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, both Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse, and Joel Jackson of BMO, and others are asking for potential impacts following the ITC DOC determinations. In particular, how will no, low and high duties impact our strategy, and who will fill the void if U.S. imports?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. Remember, the November determination is simply if there are subsidies. In the first quarter, the decision is the determination of harm and the identification of duty, if anything. If it is determined that there is going to be a high duty, we would expect the trade flows to change to account for that. As such, we would expect the Russians and the Moroccans to continue to ship to other markets, like India and Brazil. If there is no subsidy, we would expect the trade flows to return to what they were pre-CVD filing. Remember, the Russians and the Moroccans made the decision to pull out of these markets altogether when petition was filed. So, we will continue to serve our customers. If there is more product required for Brazil and India, we will redirect tons to those markets. If we continue to see a deficiency in the North American market, we will divert tons to that market.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we’ve received a number of questions related to the broader phosphate market supply and demand, in particular with respect to the Chinese phosphate industry. PJ Juvekar from Citi asks, what are your estimates of phosphate exports out of China in 2020?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, PJ. We’ve said and we continue to believe that Chinese exports will be down by more than 500,000 tons this year. Our latest estimate is that they will actually be down by more like 700,000 tons. From January to September, exports were down by nearly 1 million tons. Now, it’s important to remember that DAP MAP production in China continues to trend lower. Quarter one to quarter three, it was down by, call it 1.4 million tons, while domestic demand now appears to be stabilizing. That means Chinese exports are going to be constrained in the future.
Laura Gagnon: Jonas Oxgaard asks, how confident are you that the three facilities closed in China are permanently closed?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Jonas. For the three facilities closed in 2019, we are confident they are not coming back to DAP map production. One was permanently closed; one was in the process of relocation to a different place and is planned to be built as a water-soluble fertilizer production facility; and the third shifted its production to industrial-grade purified phosphoric acid. Purified phosphoric acid from the wet process is replacing the highly-polluting thermal process, which is also the outcome of the stringent environmental protection measurements and is ongoing. According to China phosphate industry association, 5 million tons of DAP MAP production capacity has been lost since the environmental protection measures have been implemented. This includes permanent closure, relocation for different production and strategic production shifts to a higher-value products, like purified phosphoric acid.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, in a related question, Chris Parkinson would also like an update on the projections for Chinese production costs.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Chris. The estimation to a typical southwest phosphate producers production cost is still around $300 per metric ton, ex plant, and probably an fob equivalent of $335 per metric ton at a Chinese export port.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the second most popular area of questions was Mosaic Fertilizantes. Mark Connelly specifically addressed this question to you. After you acquired Fertilizantes, you told us that there were no really big cost reduction projects, but rather a large number of small to midsized projects, many of which were suggested by local employees. Are the sort of projects you are doing today materially different in expected returns? And among these, has the transfer of best practices between and among your Brazil plants proceeded as well as the early projects did?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Mark. Let me say, we continue to see a number of small to medium-sized, high-benefit projects, and transformation continues to drive benefits with very little capital and very high returns for Mosaic Fertilizantes. Now, as we go forward, some of these will require incremental growth capital, mostly technology-related, and much of that is like our next-gen mining investment in Florida. Now, what I would ask is, we’re going to go into depth of this, and our transformation growth objectives for Mosaic Fertilizantes next Monday, November 9th. So please, stay tuned then, and we’ll give you a lot more detail of where we believe this business is going and the potential for our growth in South America.
Laura Gagnon: Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs; and Andrew Wong from RBC both asked about the demand outlook. How does the interplay of current farmer economics and La Nina weather forecasts impact the Brazilian demand outlook? And did the very high Q3 phosphates demand pull volumes from Q4?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, both. Look, current farmer economics are very strong, particularly in Brazil, and are expected to push Brazilian demand grow higher again in 2021, probably in the 2% to 3% year-over-year. This is the fundamental driver. As for La Nina, it’s not something that we’re overly concerned with, unless it were persistent through mid-2021. The reason for this is, the strong growth signals from La Nina for Argentina and Southern Brazil is typical from June to August. And what we saw in recent months could have been a signal persisting a bit longer than is typical or it may have been simply dry weather patterns in South Americas at large. Importantly for Brazil though, rains have improved and planting is progressing. The delays were a couple of weeks. So, we do expect to see no impact on total demand. Demand is expected to remain very strong, aligned with good farmer profitability. In terms of your question of moving Q3 phosphates from Q4, we do expect to see continued strong demand in Q4 as the season has been extended by the dry weather that we’ve already seen.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Steve Byrne of Bank of America asks, there has been significant productivity extracted from the legacy Vale assets. Are the earnings growth drivers longer-term going to be from geographic expansion, from production capacity expansions in phosphate and potash or from new products and services, such as selling other crop inputs?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Steve. Yes. The quick answer is yes. We see great potential in all three of those areas. We are and have a very strong first-mover advantage. We have a great platform in Brazil. And we hope over time to take greater advantage of that. Now today, our primary focus for growth in Mosaic Fertilizantes is organic. We continue to see transformation opportunity. We see increases in co-product sales and benefits from the deployment of technology. There are geographic areas where we feel we have a smaller distribution footprint than we would like, but we also have room to grow with our current distribution assets that we have. So, in summary, we see all areas having potential. We do think that both distribution and production will grow, and we’ll continue to strive our first-mover advantage in that great growing region.
Laura Gagnon: Joel Jackson from BMO is asking about Fertilizantes’ per ton margins. Should we expect these margins to hold, expand or contract in 2021? And what are the main drivers of these?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Joel. When we’re thinking about our per ton margins, we really have to consider two components. First, production, where the price of finished goods, raw materials and cost to produce drive gross margins. Here, we are continuing to driving production costs down, and through transformation, continuing to improve that business. In distribution, where we earn a margin that is impacted by volume, economy of scale and pricing trends, we continue, as well as transformation and continued improvements in our performance product sales. That’s really how we’re going to drive long-term value. So, in distribution, we do see that holding up well as well as in production. So, on both sides, we expect we can not only hold those margins, but expand them as time goes by.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we also got a large number of questions on our phosphate segment. Steve Byrne and PJ Juvekar are both asking about the near-term performance and the expected profitability improvement into the fourth quarter. What portion of the phosphate fourth quarter volumes are already locked in? And will this impact your ability to realize the $50 per ton price increase? So, are we looking at a much better fourth quarter in phosphates?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. As expected, a good portion of the tons we expect to recognize in the fourth quarter have already been sold and priced. We don’t expect our price realization increase to be below the $50 per ton in any scenario. We have assessed the impact on a potential announcement in CVD in November, and our expectation is the impact will only be a minor change to late December shipments, if that goes against us.
Laura Gagnon: PJ Juvekar of Citi; and Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs, both asked about the ARO reserve increase. Can you elaborate on the drivers of the ARO increase and the remediation liability? What is the timing of the increased cash outlays?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. I’m going to hand this one straight over to Clint to answer. I think, he has the details of our ARO that we just booked.
Clint Freeland: Thanks, Joc. As many of you may recall, the third quarter of each year is typically when we update and refresh the estimate to see to work related to ARO activity. And I would say that quite a bit of the amount that we booked this quarter is related to plant city as we’ve learned more about that site over the last year. Our ARO spend is typically spread out over an extended period of time, 40 to 50 years during the life of facilities and gypstack and so forth, so a very extended type of spend profile. But also, recall that against our existing AROs, we also have about a $700 million escrow account that will offset at least a portion of that spend in future years. Now, related to the environmental reserve that we booked this quarter, that’s really related to some subsurface work that we need to do at some of our facilities around some of our gypstacks. And I would say, specific to that that spend is probably going to be made over the next two to four years.
Laura Gagnon: Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs; and Seth Goldstein from Morningstar are both asking about fourth quarter phosphate volumes. Is it reasonable to expect a notable uptick in volumes? As we move into 2021, should we expect higher year-over-year volumes or will you keep production lower to support higher prices?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. As we look at the fourth quarter, we see great demand in all our markets right now. And so, with that, we do expect to have relatively good sales through the quarter and then low inventories as we enter next year. As we look to 2021, we do expect to see a good demand scenario, and we would expect to see good utilization of our assets, particularly, if you remember, in first quarter of 2020, we had bar go down for almost three months. So, now we expect that to come back and our facilities to run very much closer to full production in 2021.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, lastly, I’d like to end with a couple of questions on our potash segment. Ben Isaacson from Scotia asked, how we think about Colonsay? And do we believe there may be a need for those tons in the market in the future?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Ben. Yes, we definitely look at Colonsay as something we would bring back if our customers needed the tons and if the price justified restarting it. This industry is ripe with examples of sudden but permanent supply disruptions. And in that case, this tonnage could be very valuable to us. And as our customers demand grows, Colonsay will be significantly cheaper to bring back than any greenfield operation.
Laura Gagnon: The last question comes from Seth Goldstein at Morningstar. How much potash is coming out of K3 now? And how does that change as we move to 2022? Is the long-term plan to grow K3 production in line with potash demand growth, or will you try to increase market share?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Seth. In 2020, K3 is forecasted to produce about 4.4 million tons or the equivalent of about 1.5 million tons of finished product, which amounts to about 15%, 20% of our total production of potash in Canada. In June 2022, K3 or Esterhazy will be providing the ore for approximately 6 million tons of finished goods production, and this will completely replace K1 and K2 mines. So, our expectation is, we will not necessarily grow production, but rather replace K1 and K2. Longer term, our goal is to match production with demand, while also lowering our cost profile. K3 has already proven to lower our overall costs. Now, with our remaining time, I’d like to open it up for follow-up questions from our audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Hi. I’d like to drill a little more on this phosphate supply and demand outlook that seems to be highly contested today. So, you have a fair amount of information in your deck on the demand outlook for ‘21, somewhere between flat with 2020 or maybe up 2 million tons. But, if we look at your supply outlook and you have a breakdown of what we see as potentially the delta in supply from ‘21 to ‘20, there’s a few fairly large items in there, and just we’d like to hear your view as to the up and downside risk to some of those, the big ones being an inventory build is expected by the producers, the ramp-up at OCP, and then the recovery in supply, given the 2020 outages. Those three are the fairly large line items. Is there a potential risk that those are much bigger than that?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Steve. Well, let me start by saying, as we look into 2021, we do believe that the phosphate S&D is quite tight. So, first of all, we’ll end this year with relatively low inventories, and that’s relatively low inventories throughout the channel. Our proxy kind of indicates U.S. inventory will be down about 35%, which represents somewhere in that 600,000 tons mark. India will be down as much as 1.3 million tons and China down as much as 700,000 tons. So, as we look at how we enter this year, we do believe that some of the production will have to go into rebuilding distribution stocks to fully service this market. And then, if we look at the increases, there’s a couple of things that are important. First of all, with that level of inventory at the end of the year, we do expect that the -- will be a higher utilization of assets, which is where we have the million tons of recovered production, if you will. So, if we look at those two, they relatively offset themselves that we need to increase inventory just to supply basic needs and have a normally balanced market, but we also will have the opportunity to run assets harder. In terms of the go-forward, we’ve heard from OCP publicly that they will be relatively slower in bringing on new production. They’ve announced that publicly. So, we see modest increases to new productions coming from improvements in Ma’aden, as they continue to move their Wa’ad Al Shamal operation up to full production over the next year or two, and then modest increases from OCP. And I think the rest are fairly minor in nature. So, I wouldn’t really worry too much about those, one way or another. But overall, we do see a tightening market for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jonas Oxgaard: Hi. Thank you. I was wondering if you could touch a little bit on the phosphate rock supply demand as well. Basically, the same analysis you did for phosphate supply-demand, what does it look like on the rock side?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Okay. We don’t -- sorry. Thanks, Jonas. We don’t really look at phosphate supply and demand, the rock supply and demand, for the reason that we’re not really involved in that market. Overall, where we -- where that comes about is domestic production in some of the nonintegrated markets like India and whatnot. In terms of our Miski Mayo operation, which we do have an outside production of rock, it’s really for our own use. So, we don’t -- again look at it from that perspective, we assume that really what matters is overall phosphoric acid usage in the global market, and that really drives us. So, when we talk about our DAP MAP, really it breaks down to what is produced from that rock and what we produce from our own rock. So, we don’t really look at it as a separate market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Chris Parkinson: Quickly on the potash front. It appears, certain markets, ex-China are really beginning to churn throughout Asia, and you and some of your peers seem confident in the rebound in the Chinese market as well. So, just overall on your analysis heading into the next two years, and of course, hitting on course grain, oilseed and even S&D. [Ph] What are your thoughts of potential upside coming from the Asian market? And then, also if you could hit on the potential optionality from biodiesel, that would be incredibly helpful as well. Thank you very much.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Look, what we see today, and I think what we saw through the year, is not unlike what we’ve talked about previously, which is when the price in 2016 went low, we quickly saw a rebound in demand, and we’re seeing that this year as we predicted earlier in the year. So, first of all, I would say, there’s been a relative rebound in demand as was expected. Some of the highlights, though, I would like to put out is, as you mentioned, China has been a really good highlight, as has India in both of those markets for reasons of food security and probably trying to make sure that they produce as much in-country as they can. Demand for potash has been strong in both of those jurisdictions. And then, in the rest of Asia, the big thing there, of course, is Indonesia, Malaysia and the demand for palm oil, which has really bumped up. And just to touch on your piece there, biodiesel has been a part of that because where -- biodiesel is going to play a role in fuel as we go forward. And I would like to highlight that in markets like India and China, basic ethanol will also play a role in demand for commodities in those jurisdictions as well. So, yes, we do look at these playing a role in demand increase over time, and we are expecting good demand from Asia, India, China in the next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citigroup. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Joc. Thanks for your comments. Potash volumes year-to-date are up 6%, while phosphates are up only 1%. What is the -- why is there difference? And then, secondly, if China ag markets are really robust, I think that will continue into 2021, what are your expectations from the country in terms of imports of potash and exports of phosphates?
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Well, let me hit your first question first, PJ. Thank you for that. The big difference, I think, between potash and phosphate volumes in terms of deliveries, has probably been more than anything, just inventory moves. If you remember, we had a very big buildup of inventory as we moved into this year in phosphates. And for that reason, I think that was -- had to be consumed first and was consumed in the first quarter before you really got into -- starting to get real demand or real demand pull from production. So, I think that’s probably the reason for that. In terms of -- sorry, I got to get the second question, Laura. PJ? Can we ask PJ to reask his second question? Sorry, operator. I...
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Joc O’Rourke: Oh, I’m sorry. Yes. Sorry. The question I think from PJ was Chinese imports of potash and Chinese exports of phosphates next year. So, look, our expectation in China in potash, PJ, is that there is going to be continued focus, and we see this in their five-year plan in China. But, there’s continued focus on food security and ensuring that they have a robust agricultural industry to ensure the less reliance on outside places. So, for doing that, we expect that actually potash demand will increase internally, because the corn demand is so strong. But also, the other 1 is, their own internal production at Shanghai Lake is reaching its capacity and possibly even going down. So, we do expect China to be a, let’s call it, a growth engine for next year. In terms of phosphate exports, I think, as I said, there’s a couple of closures. So, there has been some structural changes in the phosphate market in China. And that coupled with what we believe is flat to increasing Chinese consumption of phosphates, means that our expectation is Chinese exports will be down maybe not year-over-year because COVID had a big impact to the start of this year, but certainly down from the 2019 levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Davidson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Hi. It’s Adam Samuelson. Good morning. I guess, there’s been a lot of detail today on the phosphate kind of market outlook and your own kind of expectations of your own performance in the market, yet, Joc, your stock is down 15%. And so, clearly, the market is taking a different view. What do you think the market is getting along today as it relates to your own kind of market outlook or the strategy or the operating performance that where you think the gap in understanding is?
Joc O’Rourke: Well, I’m going to have to be fairly direct on this answer, Adam. And let me start by saying, I suspect the market has been impacted by statements made by one of our competitors and their impairment of their phosphate business. So, let me be relatively direct with this. First of all, an impairment needs to be driven by a triggering event, at least that’s my standing of general accounting practices or IFRS. When I look at the potential triggering events, the one thing I can say is that phosphate prices are up significantly quarter-over-quarter. And if I look at the outside consultants that we use like CRU, their long-term estimates are also up. So, it is very difficult for me to see how long-term phosphate outlook was the triggering event for this write-down. So, as such, you asked me what I -- what we’re getting wrong. I think, people are taking the idea that the triggering event was the phosphate market, where clearly it had to be something different than that, and they’re assuming that means we have a poor outlook. Now, what I will say is, if you compare the two businesses, we are very -- difficult to compare them one-to-one. First of all, we’re very different in scale, but we also sell very different products. They sell purified phosphoric acid, which is being highly impacted in the industrial sector by two things. One, the economy is slowing down; and the other, by external competition. Now if I look -- compare that to fertilizers, fertilizers is actually quite the opposite. We’ve seen an increase in demand, we’ve seen an increase in pricing, and we see a very good outlook. So, I don’t think you can compare the two businesses. And I certainly don’t think phosphate demand and supply, at least for fertilizers is a factor in that, so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong: So, I mean, there’s been a lot of discussion around the CVD impact and we’ve covered that a lot. But, I do want to ask another one. So, like you said, it’s mostly about the trade flows, aren’t really -- that’s not really what’s driven the S&D. But, in terms of like -- on Mosaic, so Mosaic sells a lot of phosphate in both Brazil and the U.S. And if anything, it seems like Brazil is getting up there in terms of volume. So, I understand that if the trade flows were reversed, maybe the U.S. premium comes down, but what’s the actual impact on the company because then you would see less flows going to Brazil? I’d just be curious to hear your thoughts on that.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. Look, you’re absolutely right. This is about trade flows, not overall supply and demand. So today, what the Russians and the Moroccans have done is they have redirected tons that would have otherwise come to the U.S. to either Brazil, India or in some cases, Eastern Canada. So, they have moved a number of tons to different markets. They have not sold significantly different number of tons globally than they have in any other year. So, we know that their overall supply and demand balance in the world has been very similar. So, where they pull tons out of the U.S., we’ve had to bring more tons into the U.S. to serve it, but you’re also seeing tons come from places that haven’t historically set tons to the U.S., like Australia and Mexico or significant tonnage in terms of that. So, you do see a difference in trade flows. So, what would happen if that reversed, my expectation is the reversal would create exactly the opposite. We would see more tons going from Mosaic to our Brazil business. We would see more tons going to India from our Saudi tonnage, et cetera, and there would be other imports coming into the U.S. So overall, we don’t think that this is going to make a huge difference. The big difference today is demand is up, Chinese exports are down, and we’re seeing a growing market and a good demand scenario around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken: Yes. Hi. I just wanted to get a sense on Fertilizantes of how much the real -- the movement in the real has been a tailwind this year. And basically, if the real were to stabilize, let’s say, from this point forward, and then we hold all your other forecast that you talked about in terms of Brazilian market growth constant, what type of impact would that have on your margins? So, basically, just trying to get a sense for how we should be thinking about that and if the real were to reverse itself a little bit and start to strengthen at some point next year, what that might do to margins.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Michael. Look, let me address that in two pieces of the business. First is our production business and the other piece is our distribution business. First of all, let me say, the weakening real, if it’s had a biggest impact, it has been on the profitability of the Brazilian farmer. So, that has really been what’s driving a great demand picture in Brazil. So, the Brazilian farmer is doing very well. If you look at it in terms of our business, what we would expect is our distribution business is relatively independent of the real pricing. And the reason for that is, we buy on U.S. dollars, we sell -- we then hedge that and convert to a Brazilian real number. So, really, it doesn’t have a huge effect on our overall margins. What it does is it makes a difference to the actual demand. In terms of our production business though, obviously, on the shorter term, wages and everything else, Brazil real-based costs go down fairly quickly. So, we do see an improvement in cost and a better margin for our production business. What I will say, though, is if I look at the last couple of quarters, the Brazilian real has been essentially flat. If I look at our statistics for the last two quarters, we’re 5.37% versus this quarter of 5.38%. So, essentially, they’ve been perfectly flat. So, you can assume or surmise from that that the improvements we’re seeing is actual solid improvements in how we’re running the business as opposed to a benefit from an exchange rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning, Joc. Joc, one of the larger -- a large phosphate buyer -- as part of the countervailing duty investigation, a large U.S. phosphate buyer publicly has stated that OCP offers different specs than what Mosaic can offer. They mentioned things like solubility. Is this fact, fiction or something in between? And what can you do about it if it’s fact?
Joc O’Rourke: This is the second time I’ve had to be relatively direct. No, quality is absolutely not an issue between the two commodity products. We do have very small differences in terms of some of the things that are in our product because of what’s in the ore. But recognize, this is a manufactured product that takes phosphoric acid, adds ammonia to it to form diammonium phosphate and monoammonium phosphate. These are chemically produced. We have been selling this commodity in the United States for over 50 years. In that whole time, we have seen great response on the field. And frankly, solubility isn’t even one of the specs that is measured for quality. So, it is simply a distraction, it is simply a way of taking the focus away from the real issue here and trying to turn a commodity into a specialty product. It just doesn’t work unless you’re doing with something like MicroEssentials, in which case, the actual agronomic aspects of it are significantly better than the agronomic aspects of commodity products. So, with that, I’ll leave it there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: I just wanted to follow-up on the ARO and the environmental charge. I don’t think I caught it earlier. I’m not sure if you mentioned it, but I know it was non-cash in the quarter. And you talked about it. There would be some cash liability in the future. I think you gave some dates. But could you actually quantify the amount of cash liability that you’ll actually have to pay out in the future? Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Vincent. I’m going to hand that over to Clint, but just let me give you -- Sorry, muted microphone. Thanks, Vincent. I’m going to hand it over to Clint, but let me just give you a little bit of a summary of this first, which is we do -- once a year we do ARO, it is over a 50-year period where we look at the overall asset retirement obligations that we would have to do. If we look at the asset retirement obligations themselves, their long-term water treatment at particularly plant city seems to be the biggest one here. In terms of the rest, it is work around our other gypstacks, which Clint can talk a little more about. But, I’d just say, these are long-term aspects of the business that we look at.
Clint Freeland: So, as we look at the ARO number in particular, first, recall that this is a typical process that we go through in the third quarter of every year, and we make adjustments based on the levels of work that we see. And part of that amount is just changing things like assumed inflation rates, assumed interest rates and things like that to actually bring that ARO back to current dollars to put on the balance sheet. I would say, the one notable item that’s embedded in that number is a reverse osmosis investment that we’ll need to make at one of the facilities in the future. I don’t think it’s imminent. But we’ll -- that’s something that’s been added as we’ve done more work on the – the work that needs to be done. And then part of the refinement of our future plans, order of magnitude, that’s probably about a $40 million investment when it needs to be made. Otherwise, I think, a lot of the adjustment is some of those assumptions that I mentioned a little bit earlier. And then, I think on the environmental remediation, I think, the ultimate cash cost is going to be right around the $35 million mark. But again, that will be over multiple years, based on the assessments today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your quarterly CapEx in potash is about $110 million and your depreciation is about $70 million. So, it’s about $40 million per quarter above D&A, $160 million per year. Does that incremental $160 million go away and your CapEx go to depreciation when your K3 project is done?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Jeff. Let me hand that straight to Clint. I’m not sure exactly.
Clint Freeland: Yes. Hi. Good morning, Jeff. So typically, outside of our K3 spend, the typical sustaining CapEx level can vary each year, but it’s in kind of $100 million to $200 million per year, midpoint of about $150 million. And that’s generally as an example what we’re seeing this year, from a sustaining level, it’s about $150 million. So, I think, that’s what we would expect as we go forward. And obviously, we’ll be migrating from K2 and K1 over to K3. We would expect that sustaining spend to migrate with it. And so, I think, longer term, you will see more alignment between sustaining CapEx spend and depreciation in potash.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Feinberg from Feinberg Investments. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeff Feinberg: Thank you very much. Good morning. Just want to make sure that I’m understanding the big picture here with all the variables we’re talking about. When you talk about the $50 a ton in the fourth quarter off of the base that we just reported, it looks like we’re talking about a run rate of $0.5 billion of EBITDA, a lot of puts and takes. But, am I understanding this dynamic correct? And if so, they really have growth from that next year, that run rate of $2 billion, just to make sure I’m understanding these variables we’re describing here.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Jeff. Let me just do a quick in my head here. I think, you’re saying, if I’m getting your question right, is the $50 increase in Q4 going to lead to approximately a $50 million -- or $500 million quarter for EBITDA. And let me just do a quick math. I think, we sell some 2.2 million -- 2 million to 2.2 million tons a quarter. If you multiply that by $50, that would add $100 million to our on EBITDA for the quarter. So, if you took our today’s number and added $100 million, I guess, should be pretty close to a reasonable guess, although you do have to take into account Mosaic Fertilizantes’ seasonality and whatnot, and quarter-over-quarter there. But yes, I think that’s not unreasonable starting point. It’s the sensitivity would be about $100 million.
Jeff Feinberg: Perfect. I mean, there seems to be a lot of skepticism on the sustainability of this. But $2 billion run rate, it sounds like, given the end market drivers and demand is a very conservative approach to next year. I want to make sure I’m understanding the message being portrayed.
Joc O’Rourke: Again, if the price holds for 2021, you would again be saying much the same thing. You’re looking at 9ish million tons at $50 over today. Again, the calculation is much the same. You would add $0.5 billion.
Operator: We have our next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
John Roberts: Thank you. Maybe back to the capital spending question you got earlier. But, are we late enough in the year to have an outlook on 2021, at this point? And how many years do you think you can keep your overall CapEx relatively near the current level?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, John. I’m going to hand it over to Clint for some clarification on this. But, I guess, overall, look, here is our big picture is our longer term and 2021 being no exception. Our longer-term is we would have $600 million to $700 million of sustaining capital. And then, today, what we’re seeing is other improvement capitals and whatnot, but the big one that starts dropping off after 2022 is of course the $300 million or so we’re spending on Esterhazy K3. So, that capital spending comes down, but there are other areas of improvement and high-return projects that we may want to put in there. So, how long can we maintain it flat? I think, certainly, it will go down over time. How much goes down depends on opportunity.
Operator: There are no questions in the queue.
Joc O’Rourke: I think, we’ve come to a close now. And before I close, I’d like to invite you all to join us on November 9th at 9 am for our in-depth presentation on Mosaic Fertilizantes and our South American strategy. So with that, I want to wrap up today’s call. Mosaic continues to execute extremely well. We are increasing our global competitiveness by driving costs down. And we’re managing well through the challenges of COVID-19. With the tailwinds we’re seeing today from improving fertilizer and agricultural markets, we expect strong results to continue through the end of the year and well into 2021. So, thank you for joining us. And again, come back next week for our South American detail.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for participating. And you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Fireside Chat. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin. 
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter and 2020 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rick McLellan, Senior Vice President, Commercial. We will host a prepared question-and-answer session addressing the questions received last night, followed by a short live Q&A session, time permitting. All of our earnings materials released yesterday after market close are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our second quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's Form 8-K filing, as well as our commentary on the quarter posted to our website also contain information important on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc. 
Joc O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I'll start with very brief comments, then we'll get straight on to your questions. This was a very good quarter for Mosaic and our momentum is increasing. The key points about our performance are, our cash flow generation this quarter is the result of the past five years of work by our team to transform our cost structure and strengthen our franchise; we're succeeding even earlier than we expected; we've already achieved five of our seven 2021 cost targets. Even with realized potash prices down $20 per tonne from the first quarter and realized phosphate prices up just $13 per tonne in the quarter, we generated over $800 million in cash from operations. We delivered adjusted EBITDA 25% higher than consensus expectations, even before our adjusted EBITDA definition change. We paid down $500 million in short-term debt and structured payables in the quarter, while retaining cash on the balance sheet above $1 billion. In potash, we continue to invest in the accelerated K3 project, hitting a major milestone of connecting the K3 shafts to the K1 mill. We continue to reduce our brine management costs and we achieved the lowest cash cost per tonne of production in over a decade. Mosaic Fertilizantes had an excellent quarter, hitting both real-based cost targets and achieving further cost benefits from the weakening real, as well as realizing over 80% of our targeted full year transformation benefits. Phosphates drove the cash cost of rock below the target and lower than last year, despite increasing distances from mining to beneficiation. And with all of these efforts, we've reaffirmed our commitment to you, to our shareholders, our employees, our customers and our communities to act responsibly. We announced new aggressive broad-based environmental, social and governance targets and we will use these targets to drive performance across the business. We are continuing to transform. The quarter's accelerating earnings and cash flow clearly reflect our efforts to date and we are driving additional future savings. We expect to deliver another $700 million in savings above the 2019 base, as we continue to execute our strategy. Mosaic is more competitive than ever before and with fertilizer markets improving, we have significant earnings leverage to the future. Now, we'll take your questions.
A - Laura Gagnon: Joc, I'm going to start with some questions we received on cost. Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs asked.
Adam Samuelson: In the second quarter Mosaic was ahead of its 2021 target on a number of its key cost KPIs. How much incremental opportunities do you see on each key metric to further reduce costs? And, if so, what level of incremental capital spend would be necessary to achieve those outcomes?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks for your question, Adam. As we've said earlier, we have new targets that include $700 million of additional improvements across the company, $200 million of those coming from our Brazil operation and $500 million coming from our North American and administrative. Some of the areas where we believe we can make big gains as we go forward obviously are in Brazil, where we continue to improve that business; in North America, where automation is allowing us to drive efficiencies in both phosphates and potash. And then of course, our K3 operation which as we ramp it up, we'll eliminate a lot of cost and improve our brine management cost. So, as we look forward, we see a lot of opportunities still. And importantly, in September when we bring our -- all of this to our Analyst Day, we expect to be able to give you more color and detail on what that's going to look like.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse asked.
Chris Parkinson: You're clearly comfortably ahead on numerous cost initiatives including your K3 shaft brine inflow, phosphate rock costs in the U.S. and Brazil and Fertilizantes platform. But would you take a step back, how are you thinking about your structural cost base in a normalized environment? And how much more could actually be done especially in phosphate?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Chris. It's important to keep in mind that these cost improvements certainly are somewhat driven by high utilization. We've had a good quarter where we're able to use our assets fully and we've had some benefits from exchange rate, particularly in Brazil, but also in Canada. Over the long term though, the real differences have been structural and those are going to stay with us and those are going to continue and we're going to continue to improve those. So, if we look at our major projects which include Esterhazy K3, next-gen mining and the Brazil transformation, those are not temporary differences. Those are true structural changes that we'll be delivering value for the long term.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Michael Piken from Cleveland Research asked.
Michael Piken: You mentioned that you are on track to exceed your $225 million in non-market growth in 2020. Which segments are exceeding your expectations and how higher can this number go for 2020?
Joc O’Rourke: Hello Michael. Let me clarify. Our $225 million were actual items that we spent in 2019, but we did not expect to repeat in 2020. And so on those some of the key items, the Plant City idling that's happened and now is outside of our cost structure. Our Brazilian dams, we've completed the work now and that $80 million of cost is now behind us. Equally, the ramp-up of Esterhazy, which has gotten better than we expected, we now are delivering one million tonnes a year from the K3 project. So, that benefit has already flowed through to us. And then of our $50 million of transformation in Brazil that were part of that $225 million, we're already at over $40 million. So, we see that as pretty much complete and ongoing savings will be above and beyond that original $225 million we talked about.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, a large number of questions seeks a better understanding of our countervailing duty petition. Seth Goldstein from Morningstar, Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse asked for an update on potential regulation changes of the U.S. import duties on Morocco and Russian supply. And if the outcome is successful in our favor, what should they expect in changes to their landed U.S. costs? In other words, what are the potential outcomes in terms of leveling the playing field?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. Let me start by saying, we believe in free and fair trade. However, the reason we filed this petition in the first place was to address imbalances associated with unfair government subsidies on imports and to highlight unequal requirements on environmental standards. We believe, our competitors benefit from access to artificially low rock costs and energy while not having to meet adequate and proper environmental standards. We also will say that what we have done is put this forward to the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission. They will judge on the merits and as such, determine what level of duties if any, need to be put in place to create a fair trade situation. And Clint, do you have anything to add to that?
Clint Freeland: Yes. No, Joc. I think you're right. We certainly are ahead of schedule on the realization of the $225 million in non-market benefit this year. Keep in mind that the $80 million that we spent on dam remediation last year was spread really through the second to fourth quarter. So we realized about $36 million in benefit in the second quarter and should realize the balance throughout the rest of the year.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, John Roberts from UBS would like to know.
Q – John Roberts: Can you review the basis for your phosphates countervailing duty to position? And have you had any response from customers or competitors?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, John. Our basis for the petition is clearly laid out in the public documents. And I would ask that you go to those. Also the comments from any of our competitors or customers or the other concerned groups is clearly laid out in those public documents. So I would suggest you go there. Our position is clearly that the Department of Commerce and the International Trade Commission really are the ones that will decide what are the merits of this case. Now clearly, as we talk to our customers, some are concerned mostly about how they're going to get their supply. We believe that this has opened up new opportunities for outside competitors to come in and make up some of that supply. But in the end I think all people understand why we'd put it forward. And we'll have to wait to see what the ITC says in terms of its merit.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we received several questions asking about trade flows and implications to other markets. Specifically, Adam Samuelson and seven others asked: over the next six to 12 months, how do we think about the net impact of potential trade flow impacts of potential U.S. countervailing duties on Morocco and Russian phosphate? Do you see risk of market share competition rising in other major import markets, notably Brazil? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Mike and Joel. Let's answer the last question first. No, we don't think this will impact global supply and demand. All we will do is probably change trade flow. The current market and resulting pricing is reflective of a tight market. And if anything the countervailing duties only highlighted to people that this market was tight. So what's causing the tight market? Favorable farm economics and lower supply, which began to take shape well before we filed the petition. However, it is reasonable to assume that the trade flows will be altered and some product will be shifted to other jurisdictions including new suppliers coming into the U.S. and the Moroccan and Russian suppliers focusing on other markets which could be Brazil or wherever. 
Laura Gagnon: Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein asked two more technical questions with respect to the petition namely.
Jonas Oxgaard: If the Mosaic trade complaint is upheld, will there be a retroactive benefit to Mosaic? And what is the time line for final decision on the complaint?
Joc O’Rourke: So look, thank you, Jonas. Let me first clarify. Whether duties are applied retroactively will depend upon the level of imports from these two countries from the filing of the case until the DOC preliminary ruling. We expect the case to be finalized in Q1 2021. And at that point if there has been excessive imports they will look at assessing a retroactive duty.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, I'm now going to move on to questions about phosphate operations. Ben Isaacson from Scotia asked.
Q – Ben Isaacson: On the cash cost of mine rock in Florida falling to $36 per tonne from $40 year-over-year how much of that was due to transformational efforts versus favorable geology? And how much more wiggle room is there to bring that down? And how sustainable are these cost improvements? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Ben. Clearly our cost improvements are a combination of several factors. We've certainly been running our assets at elevated utilization rates and that's helped. But our efforts to centralize mining operations, streamline processes and automate have also helped reduce our cost. As previously mentioned, the establishment of a central control center for our mining and collapsing all of our mining operations basically into one large operation, which should be -- begin operation by the end of the year will really further enhance cost savings. And as we introduce new management structures, incorporate automation for certain mining functions and accelerate savings from adjustments to transportation we start to see real long-term improvements in our cost structure. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc, PJ Juvekar from Citi also asked.
PJ Juvekar: With the recent rise of over $50 per tonne in DAP pricing, have you ramped up your production at the mine? And what could be the benefit of better cost absorption from higher tonnes in the third quarter? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks for the question, PJ. High utilization rates have a beneficial impact, but that's really only part of the story as we've mentioned. But I will say that as we look at Q3 going forward, we can expect those tonnage -- high tonnage and higher utilization rates to continue. So we do expect to see better costs throughout the rest of the year both structurally and because of high utilization. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we also have a question from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: With specialty percentage rose to 48% of shipments and marked a new quarterly high in phosphate coincident with MicroEssentials shipments to Fertilizantes being substantially above recent quarters, is this sustainable? Why or why not? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Adam. The sales of MicroEssentials and Aspire hit record highs and K-Mag came in close to the record in quarter two 2020. Among these growth MicroEssentials' shipments to Brazil has been a major driver. Now we believe the growth of MicroEssentials will continue over the next quarter driven by Mosaic Fertilizantes and also North America. I have to reemphasize the value that MicroEssentials brings to the growers is showing positive returns for them on their investments. So these are bringing real value to the growers and to our customers the distributors so we do believe that as more people start using MicroEssentials this is very sustainable and they're going to see the benefit and they're going to keep using that product. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc, three analysts submitted multipart questions related to our potash operations. So first Chris Parkinson asked.
Chris Parkinson: The demand environment in potash appears to be modestly improving while spot prices are well off their first half lows. Can you talk about your thought process for the second half of 2021 operating rate assumptions and how that may drive changes in your mine mix? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Chris. As you know we've accelerated the development of K3 and this has an obvious impact on costs both now with declining brine management spending and in the future as the mine ramps up. Beyond K3, we continue to see strong results from Belle Plaine, which recorded its lowest cost position in more than a decade. As we move forward, we're going to take advantage of owning two of only seven mines in the world with annual production capacity of over 3 million tonnes and with some of the lowest costs in the industry. So as we look to the future, we intend to optimize the production coming from K3 and from our Belle Plaine operation and only see running higher cost mines like Colonsay if the market really requires it in the future. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc, another question comes to you from Jonas Oxgaard of Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: In potash you lowered your cost per tonne a fair bit but how much of that was simply spreading fixed costs over a 20% larger volume? On a fixed volume basis what would your cost reduction be? 
Joc O’Rourke: Good question, Jonas. There is no question that the larger volume helps spread out our costs. However, we believe there are structural changes that are fundamentally changing our costs over the long-term. We think one area of clear savings is the accelerated reduction of brine management costs as we shift to K3. K1 underground mining will be completed this year. Brine management accounted for $8 a tonne in Q2 and that will continue to decline as we move into 2021 and will be eliminated completely by 2022. So as you can see a lot of our cost reduction is actually structural and should be with us for the long-term. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc, PJ Juvekar from Citi asked.
PJ Juvekar: What kind of savings do you expect from sending K3 potash ore to the K1 mill? And what is the updated time line now to shut down K1 and K2? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, PJ. We expect to be sending potash to K1 and actually be shutting down our K1 shafts from a production perspective early in 2021. That will start meaning, we're only going to be operating two shafts and then by the end of 2022 only operating the one big K3 shaft. At that point, the project will be complete, we'll eliminate brine inflow and that really will be the end of our K1 and K2 plant mines from a production perspective.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Vincent Andrews is interested in how he should think about our potash shipments in the second half of this year given how strong shipments were in second quarter? Also, can we remind him of the accounting for the Chinese contract shipments that were already in a bonded warehouse prior to contract agreements?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Vincent. Yes we did have strong shipments in quarter one. And if I referred to our discussions with Canpotex, I think they have a fairly full order book for Q3 and even going well into Q4. So I believe the shipments internationally will be strong in the second half. And domestically, we're expecting a good fall in North America. So we're expecting strong shipments there as well. So from our perspective, our second half is looking pretty strong from a potash perspective. In terms of the shipments in the first half, I'd just like to throw it over to Clint to explain a little bit about our China shipments to bonded warehouse that we rev recced in the first half of the year. Clint, can you discuss that?
Clint Freeland: Sure, Joc. Good morning, Vincent. So to start with on a consolidated basis, we don't recognize revenue until that product is sold to a third party. However, we do – on a segment level basis, we do recognize a revenue when Canpotex sells product to our distribution business in China. And when they sent that product to our distribution business in China, the segment recognized revenue but that was based on an estimate of pricing since the contract had not been completed. Once the contract was completed and the price for that transaction was set that gave rise to the adjustment. But again that's an adjustment on the Potash segment only, because we won't recognize revenue on that product on a consolidated basis until it's finally sold to a third party.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks for that clarification, Clint.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, I'm now going to move on to questions about Mosaic Fertilizantes. We have four analysts including John Roberts from UBS and Mark Connelly from Stephens asked similar questions about the timing of volumes in Brazil.
John Roberts: Brazilian farmers are having an outstanding year so far, and have been widely reported to be buying inputs well ahead of last year's schedule. How much, do you think has been borrowed from the third quarter? And are we likely to see an offsetting reduction in third quarter margin to reflect those lower volumes next quarter? And specifically, within the quarter April and May were significantly higher than the prior year month, while June appeared to be much closer to a year ago. Is that just timing? Or are the trends decelerating into July?
Joc O’Rourke: Great question. The strong volumes in the first half of the year did reflect some forward input purchases, as a result of generally favorable farm economics. But year-over-year demand is expected to be up slightly to 37 million tonnes. And in that figure, we believe we are beginning to take market share as farmers gravitate towards higher analysis products and high-value products such as our MicroEssentials.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Mark Connelly at Stephens asked.
Mark Connelly: How did the dramatic improvement in costs in Brazil break out between volume-driven cost improvement and operational structural cost change that should repeat with normal volumes?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Mark. Let me start by saying last year our operations were negatively impacted by the change in regulations that required us to shut down a couple of operations for down improvements. That reduced volume and impact of our raw materials access. This year, we're benefiting from running at full operations rate. And this also has allowed us to have more access to our own rock supply. So overall that has helped a little bit. So about a-third of what those costs are probably volume related. The others are improvements to our freight, our inventory management, our overall planning and of course structural changes to our cost structures. I think overall though we're seeing long-term changes to how the Brazil business is running and we're starting to see full benefit of the $330 million or so of integration benefit that we announced at the end of last year.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, PJ Juvekar has a question about currency.
PJ Juvekar: The Brazilian real versus the U.S. dollar was down significantly year-over-year in the second quarter of 2020. How did that volatility impact you? And what specifically was the impact in the quarter on Mosaic Fertilizantes?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks PJ. I'd like to talk about two aspects of the Brazilian real that really has changed things. And the first of those of course is the impact on farmer economics. I think that is actually the bigger improvement their ability to buy fertilizers and the continuous growth of the Brazilian agriculture segment is largely driven by great economics for the farmer. And so that's the first place we want to talk about where the Brazilian real has helped us. In terms of our cost performance you will see that we tend to put our targets in real based so that allows us to understand what's the real underlying improvement. Obviously, there was some positive impact. I think we saw definite improvements in our overall cost because of the real. But I would say we focus more on what is the real-based cost because that tells us whether we're really improving the business or just taking advantage of currency. Though in the back you'll notice -- sorry PJ I'd also like to point out that if you look at the back of our stuff you'll see basically our sensitivities and a $0.10 move in the real amounts to about $20 million a year unhedged. So if we think about us as being about 50% hedged it's fairly easy to do the reconciliation to last year's real costs. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have another question from Ben Isaacson with respect to Mosaic Fertilizantes.
Ben Isaacson: Mosaic Fertilizantes sales volumes have been notably higher year-over-year. Can you walk through the strategic strength of this business and how it relates to your mix between commodity and MicroEssentials tonnes?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks Ben. Again I've said this before, but I'll repeat. The volume growth really was a result of improvement in farm economics in Brazil. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the real excellent barter ratios and anticipation of a strong summer crop demand. So, both commodity and performance products have shown robust increases in quarter two of 2020 versus a year ago.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Chris Parkinson's asked for a COVID-19 update. His question is.
Q – Chris Parkinson: Brazil is in the midst of a fairly complex COVID-19 outbreak which has periodically been affecting the ports and logistics system. Can you give us an update on the demand environment as well as any logistical headwinds you foresee during the peak fertilizer application season?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks Chris. Look let's start from our own operations in Brazil. And although we've had a number of cases because of the high level of community transmission we have not been impacted on our operations to this point and we've instituted a number of procedures to make sure we mitigate the spread. Sorry and then from an overall country logistics perspective we believe that in general we have been unaffected by COVID. Now, obviously, there's going to be local places where that impacts us. But in general we've been able to work around that and kept the product moving to the end customer. And from a demand perspective despite COVID, we've continued to see strong demand again driven by favorable foreign economics and we have got our product to our customers with relatively little impact.
Laura Gagnon: The last question we received on Mosaic Fertilizantes comes from Joel Jackson.
Joel Jackson: Fertilizantes' second quarter gross margin was more than double the results from the prior two years. How much of that gain was market conditions versus foreign exchange tailwinds versus share gain in the market versus a pull-forward of Q3 because of COVID-related logistics concerns? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Joel. I would summarize our results in the second quarter in Brazil, as a couple of factors. First of all, if we looked at the exchange rate, it's probably offset almost perfectly the change in pricing. So what we see in actual results is, almost solely the result of our own actions, and the reversal of some of the down costs that we saw, last year.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we received a handful of questions on the balance sheet, primarily focused on uses of free cash flow. John Roberts asked, 'what are the capital allocation priorities moving forward? And can you please discuss your gross, debt level, dividend and potential share repurchases? And PJ Juvekar asked, 'Beyond paying down some debt what could be uses of cash, especially with improved free cash flow in the second half of 2020? Would buyback be approved use of cash over the countervailing duty decision prevents you from buying back stock? Joc, can you talk about capital priorities, to address both of these questions?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah, thank you, gentlemen. Our capital priorities are unchanged. And they continue to be what we've said in the past. Our first priority is to maintain the business. Next priority maintains investment-grade metrics. And to do that, we have to continue our normal capital plan, as we've had. We expect to lower debt by about $1 billion over the next few years, doing so, when our bonds come due, in the next couple of years. And then continue some of the key projects like the Esterhazy acceleration, K3 acceleration. And then, what we have after that, returning capital to shareholders. All three of these are depending on future cash flow generation. And capital allocation will not be impacted, in any way by the countervailing duties.
Laura Gagnon: We've also had a couple of questions from a buy-side analyst and they include, can you describe what's included in the $610 million of short-term debt, that you indicated will be paid in 2020? And does Mosaic still plan to keep about $1 billion cash balance and pay down its 2021 maturity?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks for the question. At the start of this year we did increase our cash balance to $1 billion, by first of all taking out some money from our revolver and executing on some of our inventory financing debt. Since that time we paid down the revolver. And we will continue to pay down the rest of the $600 million in short-term debt, throughout the rest of this year.
Laura Gagnon: Before we move on to market-related questions, Ben Isaacson asked about our tax rate outlook.
Ben Isaacson: Why is your effective tax rate expected to be in the mid-to-high 50s? And how should we think about this rate under a Trump or Biden presidency?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Ben. Let me start by saying the first part of this is -- and the reason for the tax rate being higher is our income mix between our three jurisdictions Canada, Brazil and the U.S. The details of that, I'm going to actually hand it over to Clint, to explain why the negative earnings in the U.S. will create a higher tax rate overall. 
Clint Freeland: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. And Ben that's right, it really comes down to an earnings mix phenomenon for us. If you recall, the tax rate is based on GAAP results by jurisdiction. And when you look at the United States not only is, our Phosphates business incorporated into that, but also our corporate G&A our interest expense and so forth. So, there are times when that pre-tax income in the U.S. turns negative. And that can begin to skew the rate. When you then start to factor in things like, some of the foreign currency moves that we've seen, and how it affects our mark-to-market, and some of the notable items that we have on our schedule, that begins to skew it. And then, as you've seen Brazil improve this year, that's our highest rate tax jurisdiction. So that begins to influence that rate as well, so really the combination of all of those things that's resulting in an unusually high tax rate for this year. And then, I'd add two things. One, on a longer-term basis, we would expect that effective tax rate to be somewhere in mid to high 20s. But then I would also call your attention that our cash tax rates and payments are much different than that. As a matter of fact this year, we expect to end up with a small cash tax refund so very different than the effective tax rate in our financial statements.
Laura Gagnon: Now let's move on to market related questions. Mike Piken asked.
Michael Piken: If you could comment on our summer fill programs in the U.S. and where we see downstream inventories in the U.S. at this point?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Michael. I think we've had fairly successful fill programs in both phosphates and potash here in the U.S. In recent discussions that we've had with our customers suggest that they're probably in the range of 60% full for the fall season. So there will be increased buying towards the fall season. But for the most part, our customers are in reasonably healthy shape going into that fall.
Laura Gagnon: Steve Byrne is looking for insight into future volumes.
Steve Byrne: How are you trending in each of the segments through the month of July on a year-over-year basis? Do you see volumes higher in the third quarter? And any expectation for volumes for the rest of the year? 
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Steve. I would characterize Q3 as largely having our order books full for both phosphate and potash. And so it will be a matter of delivery and revenue recognition that will determine where we are for quarter three. But we expect a reasonably good fall in the U.S. and global markets are running well. So for both phosphates and potash, we expect relatively normal Q3 volumes in both. And then for the rest of the year, we should also see a good stable volume.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Mark Connelly would like insight into grain and oilseed price implications.
Mark Connelly: How important to Mosaic's earnings outlook are higher grain and oilseed prices? If the current price of corn is sustained through 2020 and soybeans stay at/or near their current prices, do you think there is any material room for higher P&K prices in the market?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Mark. Clearly oilseed and grain prices do have implications for us. But in general, the farmers tend to work a lot more on their needs to plant. So what's a lot more important to us is planting intentions, number of acres planted. And remember also the grain and oilseeds are just a few of the products that we fertilize. So it really depends on what does the whole global market look like and what is the demand for P&K and what supply balance there as opposed to something on the grain and oilseed. It has an indirect impact, but I would say no direct impact on our pricing.
Laura Gagnon: Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley wants to know about our market forecast.
Vincent Andrews: Given that the last 10 years of P&K shipments show some pattern lumpiness, potash more than phosphate, why not forecast lumpiness going forward rather than just CAGRs?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Vincent. We tend to forecast on annual growth simply because some of the other factors that go into the lumpiness of our business are impossible to forecast. And those are really inventory movements globally and of course weather. You saw in 2019, the weather impacts in the U.S. made a fundamental difference to the growth rate of both phosphates and potash on a global scale. So we really have to look at it on averages, but recognize that there will be lumpiness as we go forward.
Laura Gagnon: I'm going to move on to some questions on phosphates. This one is from Ben Isaacson.
Ben Isaacson: The benchmark MAP selling price fell by $16 to $314 per tonne yet Mosaic's average finished product selling price fell by almost three times that amount or by $44 to $308 from $352. Why? How could we think this -- so how should we think about this relationship going forward?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks Ben. The answer here is simply that the average selling price in Fertilizantes is based on all the components we sell, including urea and potash in the blends, both of which are down significantly. So when you look at that relationship going forward, you have to take into account all three products that could be in our blends that we sell.
Laura Gagnon: Ben also asked.
Ben Isaacson: DAP stripping margins have started to improve in July after remaining largely flat throughout the second quarter. Are you seeing this flow through to the Phosphates segment margin?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Ben, again. DAP stripping margin is -- we track that, because that really is what do we get after the cost of raw materials and transport as revenue. So, of course, this flows directly into our margins. An improvement in stripping margin really is almost directly related to our overall profitability.
Laura Gagnon: Adam Samuelson would like to know.
Adam Samuelson: What does Mosaic see as the equilibrium prices of U.S. NOLA, DAP and MAP versus key offshore benchmarks?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Adam. All I can really say there is, if you look at it historically other than the last say three years where there's been a real increase in imports, we have seen NOLA prices being similar to other global prices. And I would expect that under a more fair trade market that's what you would see is, you would see the NOLA price being equal to what the prices in other markets adjusted for the transport cost. And that's exactly what we expect will happen after a countervailing duty case, if they readjust that market.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Steve Byrne would like more insight into our global phosphate demand outlook, and its relationship to inventory swings.
Steve Byrne: Specifically, what is your estimate of underlying global consumption of phosphate in 2019? And was it below the shipments of 71 million tonnes? Did it reflect channel inventory builds?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Steve. If we look at 2019, there was no question that there was a buildup of global inventory, particularly in the U.S. I mean in the U.S., there was a poor season and the imports in particular kept coming in. We shut down our Louisiana operation for a number of months last year. And still the inventory build in the U.S. was very high. Likewise, the Brazilian inventory was probably slightly above normal coming into this year, for maybe some of the same reasons. But what I will say is, in the first and second quarter of this year, we have largely cleared out all of that inventory and probably have moved from an area of high inventory to a very low inventory in phosphates as we move into the third quarter of this year.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, in a related question he also asked.
Steve Byrne: Are normalized inventory level is the reason for the increased phosphate shipment forecast in 2021?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Steve. Yeah. In terms of 2021, what we really see is the inventory levels should be pretty much leveled off, and we expect normal growth in the market as per any other year, so that 2% type annual growth in 2021.
Laura Gagnon: Vincent Andrews would like our opinion on farmer economics.
Vincent Andrews: He asked given the recent run-up in DAP prices are you all concerned about U.S. farmers deferring fall applications?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Vincent. Look, our experience has been -- and if you look even at the spring with the COVID uncertainty, that farmers will put fertilizer on their fields according to their needs. And frankly today with precision agriculture, they're more likely to put the right amount of fertilizers on every year. So and phosphate prices, frankly, also are a very small piece of the overall cost of running a farm. So, I don't believe that most farmers will look at phosphate pricing and have it change their application. But I'd also highlight that phosphate prices are still very affordable when you look at where grain and oilseed prices are. So as with most fall seasons, we would expect that weather will be the main arbitrator of demand. And with expecting an early crop maturity this year, we expect we should have a good fall.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have three questions related to China and phosphate. First Vincent Andrews asked.
Vincent Andrews: What do you anticipate will be the Chinese DAP exports in the second half of 2020? And what second half 2020 DAP price does that assume? If DAP prices are higher or lower than your assumption what would happen to Chinese exports?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Vincent. Chinese exports over the first half of the year were lower by about 800,000 tonnes from last year. Now, the base forecast calls for Chinese exports to end the year about 600,000 tonnes lower. In other words, we expect that international pricing is a little higher. We'll incent a few extra tonnes coming out of China in the second half. And if prices are higher than our expectations, there might be a little bit more upside but we don't see significant upside. And part of the reason for this is domestic demand is coming in fairly strong as we move into fall. And I think the big issue there will be export availability limitations. Now, obviously, if our prices are lower than expectations, the volumes could be even lower than what they are now.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Seth Goldstein and Steve Byrne both asked about production. Specifically, what is the status and outlook for reduced phosphate production at specific facilities in China and Tunisia? And do you expect the lower exports over the next several years?
Joc O’Rourke: Well, let me hit China first. There's been a well-known shift towards shutting down some of the higher polluting plants, particularly along the Yangtze River and we've seen some, that have resulted in production declines in the first half of the year. In terms of Chinese export volume over the next years, we maintain that Chinese exports will trend lower and we'll establish a new normal. I mean we've now seen what we think is the bottoming of Chinese domestic demand and we're seeing a lowering of production. So with that will have to come a lowering of exports as they meet domestic demand. For Tunisia, it would appear that expectations for a plant resurgence of production in 2020 were somewhat overstated. But it's also important to put Tunisia in context. They have produced an average of about 750,000 tonnes of DAP and TSP over the last five years. Current protest will certainly lead to shuttering of the rock production. This has plugged them for over a decade, so which means we would expect them to stay about the same run rate as we go forward as well. 
Laura Gagnon: Joc the last section of questions relates to potash global markets. Steve Byrne and Seth Goldstein asked about the impact of palm oil demand on potash. What is the typical lag between movements in palm oil prices and changes in potash demand in Southeast Asia? And has the rebound in palm oil pricing resulted in increased potash demand in Southeast Asia?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. The palm oil demand is important for potash. And what we have seen recently is, an improvement in palm oil prices. And we know that for production reasons they will be adding potash to their palm oil plantations. So we see that as a fairly direct relationship. I wouldn't say we see increased demand, but we see demand that is getting back to its normal levels. In terms of a longer term export demand and domestic demand for biofuels is helping in terms of optimism for recovery. So all of these things mean that we should see a better demand for potash in the Southeast Asia region, particularly Malaysia and Indonesia.
Laura Gagnon: Joel Jackson and Ben Isaacson would both like to understand where global potash inventories stand in the various regions particularly in China.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, gentlemen. If we look at China there's sort of a bifurcation of inventory. We know there's about 3.5 million tonnes at the port. But we believe there's relatively low inventories as we move inland. And so as we're now seeing a strong demand for NPKs in the domestic market, we do expect that the movements out of the port to those NPK plants will start bringing down inventory levels assuming that the arrivals are about normal levels compared to last year. 
Laura Gagnon:   Mark Connelly and Steve Byrne are both interested in potash demand growth. What is driving the acceleration in potash demand in your forecast and other specific geographies? 
Joc O’Rourke:   Thanks. I wouldn't say we're actually forecasting an acceleration of potash demand. Our potash demand growth from a long-term trend is staying fairly steady at what we believe to be around 3%. And if you take 2019 out of it, I think we still stay just on that trend. 
Laura Gagnon:   In a related question if demand ends up toward the high end of your range, do you see increased supply balance in the market? Or would you expect the market to tighten? 
Joc O’Rourke:   Well I guess this requires two things. One the success of production ramp-ups on the new projects particularly I guess EuroChem's, Volgakaliy and Usolskiy. But given the delays we've seen in recent years on these ramp-ups it would seem that the market should tighten actually if demand comes in at the high end of our expectation. 
Laura Gagnon:   And the last related question also what is the bull case for potash pricing over a three to five year period? 
Joc O’Rourke:   Thanks. There's a number of factors that could create a bull run in potash prices. And the first, I've already mentioned which is slower ramp-up of the projects particularly the ones in Russia and Belorussia. But what we would really expect is probably a higher utilization rate of the North American assets over the next say three to five years and a more modest rise in prices. That would suggest prices appreciate slightly to where they were maybe in 2018 and utilization of assets goes up at the same time. 
Laura Gagnon:   Another potash related question from Adam Samuelson and Ben Isaacson. They're both asking about the disconnect between pricing trends between Brazilian MLP that rallied off-loads in the second quarter versus U.S. and Southeast Asian MLP prices that have continued to be lower. Are strong Brazilian economics enough to offset this weakness in other regions? 
Joc O’Rourke:   Thanks. Brazilian farm economics are really outstanding at present which is certainly helping to underpin pricing in that market and we expect that to continue. For the U.S. and Southeast Asian markets, I think it's important that remember that this is a seasonally slow period for potash demand and that will impact prices. I'd also like to highlight that our summer fill program was extremely well received. And it is typical of commodity markets to necessarily see first a rebound in demand and then prices following after that. We have now completed our pre-submitted questions.  And so now I would like to do is open it up to the audience for live Q&A. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So I guess I wanted to just follow up on the affordability question Joc on phosphates. And on your own kind of affordability metric that you published were now above long-term average. And just trying to think about where you would see an upper limit to that? And especially, if you think about next year and farmer income risks from government support programs in the U.S. or lack thereof given kind of the big farmer support payments that have been experienced both this year and last?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks Adam and welcome. There's certainly a relationship between crop prices and how people feel about the imports. But as you say support payments from governments and whatnot have done a lot to keep farmer incomes at least stable. And yes, while we're pushing phosphate and potash prices -- probably not potash so much, but certainly phosphates a little bit closer to that ratio, two things on this I'd say is, first of all, you've got to look at December 2021 prices. And if you look at December 2021 prices I think we -- I think, we'd be looking at what $3.60 for corn and $9 for bean. So they're going to see some reasonable prices on there if they sold forward into that market. So they'd be incented to get a good crop and use the fertilizer. But in terms of the direct relationship between the two, I'd say you could easily go a standard deviation above that ratio and not have it materially affect demand.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Yes. I just wanted to hear whether or not you saw any impact on phosphate imports during the month of July following the countervailing duty petitions. And just ask for an update on your gypsum sales out of your gypstacks in Brazil. Any update on that? 
Joc O’Rourke: Sure. Thanks Steve. First of all, yes, in July I believe the imports were low in July. I have to get an exact number and get somebody to get back to you on how much that was down. But our understanding -- and we did talk to a lot of customers and our understanding is certainly the importers, who are importing either the OCP or the Russian products definitely took a step back to understand what the risks might be in terms of them picking up some sort of countervailing duty risk. So we did see a step back in July. Whether they will come back into the market in the next couple of months I don't know. What we have seen however is new products coming in from places like Egypt and Australia and Mexico. So it does say, there is some change. I got to ask somebody to give me what was the second part of your question there, Steve I missed in my writing.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you very much. So you already mentioned you expect Chinese DAP exports should be down, I guess, 600,000 tonnes or so and that you don't really expect a much on a year-on-year basis in terms of Tunisian availability, which is fair. But there have been a few mines over the last couple of years that were kind of in the process or the tail ends of the ramps in Morocco obviously Saudi even Turkey and Egypt. Do you believe that the phosphate market has really felt -- has already felt the full effects of these previous ramps. And now we can just kind of isolate our thought process in terms of new supply on just the Moroccans and Saudis. Just what's your kind of aggregate assessment of the SD over the next let's say two to three years? Thank you very much.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think materially, it is all about what's left of the Saudi ramp-up. And assuming, they reach their I think 2.7 million tonnes was their target for 2020 and there is some debottlenecking and other projects that OCP is expecting to do. I mean those are still yet to come but -- and maybe a little bit of extra coming out. I saw PhosAgro has been exporting or has been producing a little higher number. So there could be some new tonnes coming out of PhosAgro. But for the rest of the world I would say basically the closures are more than offsetting any small ramp-ups that we've seen. And overall, it really is now coming down to small increases from the Saudis and then whatever Morocco brings in in the next couple of years with a little bit of addition from possibly from PhosAgro.
Operator: Thank you. No further question at this time.
Joc O’Rourke: Well if there are no other questions I'd like to first of all say thank you for the questions you brought in. We had a very good set of pre-submitted questions, which I thought was very healthy. But to conclude our call, I'd like to just reiterate our key themes here. Mosaic generated strong results despite low realized prices for our products. Our long-term transformation efforts are really starting to deliver substantial, structural cost savings and we expect to drive additional savings in the years ahead. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen as we paid down debt and generated strong cash flows. Fertilizer markets continue to improve and prices are rising. We are navigating the COVID-19 situation successfully with minimal impacts to our business So in summary, Mosaic is more resilient and competitive than it has ever been and we have built significant earnings leverage for a rising price environment. So we are looking forward to continued improvement and continued success on our journey towards being a very competitive company. So thank you for joining the call. Have a great day, and we hope to talk to you in person soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our First Quarter 2020 Earnings Presentation. I’d like to start by reminding you that the Q&A portion of this call will be available beginning at 11:00 a.m. Eastern, Tuesday, May 5, and our full slide content, including modeling assistance, is available on our website. We will be making forward-looking statements during this presentation. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to today’s Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you for listening to our first quarter results discussion. Because we’re all working from home due to the coronavirus pandemic, we’re taking a different approach this quarter. We’ve made the script and all our earnings materials available at the same time and will record answers to questions you submit to Laura. As always, Laura and Lucy will be available to answer your questions. I’ll start by expressing my hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy. By now, the pandemic has touched and taken a great many lives, and we all know people who have been affected, whether by the virus directly or by its huge economic impact. Mosaic has been fortunate with COVID-19 having had minimal impact on our employees, operations or suppliers. I will cover 3 topics today: First, the current strong conditions in the fertilizer market; second, COVID-19, its impact on our markets and agriculture now and going forward; and finally, our continued progress on our strategic initiatives. Fertilizer markets are strong, and we continue to expect a good year. We expect growth in global shipments for both phosphates and potash this year. While our expectations have been modestly lower due to pressure on grain and oilseed prices, we expect good growth, in line with the steady growth in demand we’ve seen for decades. We are in the peak spring season in the Northern Hemisphere, and demand is running high. In fact, our retail customers are reporting that demand is outpacing even their high expectations. Our April shipment volumes were robust, and prices are beginning to respond. While sentiment around biofuels and low grain and oilseed prices have dampened fertilizer price increases, Midwest DAP is up $36 per million tonne from the beginning of the year. Corn Belt MOP prices softened in the quarter as the market awaited a new China contract. But we’ve seen a significant change in sentiment with the signing of the China contract. Last week, Brazil’s CFR MLP price was up $20 per tonne following the contract announcement. The impact of COVID-19 in North America has pushed our customers to accelerate deliveries where possible. But otherwise, the season is playing out like a normal spring. Several factors have brought phosphate and potash markets into better balance. First, while last fall’s North American application started late due to weather, it lasted longer than usual, which brought down fertilizer inventories. Second, inventories across the channel are low for the first time in a couple of years, and our tonnes on barges in the river are down by 80% compared with a year ago. We’re refilling warehouses quickly to meet very strong fast-paced spring demand in North America driven in part by high application rates to replenish nutrient-depleted soils. Third, phosphate supplies from our competitors has been impacted by COVID-19 and unrelated operational issues. In fact, compared with last year, we believe phosphate production is down by over 500,000 tonnes, excluding changes in China. Fourth, demand in China remained strong during the spring season, and India continues to import record amounts of DAP. Much of India’s domestic production declines have been offset by finished product shipments into the country, but total global supply is down. While Chinese exports are down almost 500,000 tonnes compared with a year ago, we expect China to make up some of but not all of those tonnes in the second half of the year. And finally, phosphate imports into North America are down year over year by approximately 250,000 tonnes through April. After the severe demand shock resulting from bad weather in spring of ‘19, importers seem to be finding homes for their tonnes elsewhere. Last week, the signing of a new potash contract with China helped form the base on which global prices can build, given strong demand. The published contract price of $220 per tonne is for red standard, and prices are higher for white and granular. As is typical, we believe the granular price is $15 premium to current Brazil spot prices. We believe we will continue to see potash volume and price increases from here. Slide 5 in our presentation shows a strongly positive market reaction to the contract signing in 2016 in a similar pricing environment. Much of North American spring was planned and executed before the whole effect of COVID-19 occurred, and the pandemic is clearly impacting sentiment in every sector of the economy. I’ll spend a few minutes providing insight into impacts on our markets and our best view of how the season ahead will play out broadly and for Mosaic. As you can see on Slide 6, we’ve highlighted not only the risks that we are actively monitoring but also opportunities that we expect and have seen. USDA planting expectations, currently at 97 million acres of corn and 84 million acres of soybeans this year, are likely to be revised as growers adjust to shifting markets and especially to ethanol production expectations. We believe that the reduction in biofuel demand may be up to the equivalent of 5 million acres of corn. Some of the actual acres that would have grown corn will migrate to soybeans, and at Mosaic, we are agnostic. Corns and soybeans both require significant amounts of potash and phosphate. There is potential for much of the biofuels-related demand destruction in North America to be balanced by increased corn demand in China, as the nation continues to rebuild herds following the African swine fever outbreak last year. Elsewhere, we could see impacts to potash demand resulting from weak palm oil prices, which could take longer to rebound. As it relates to our business to date, we’ve seen very little direct impact of COVID-19 on our financial performance with the total combined margin impact of outages at Miski Mayo and Patrocinio under $10 million in the quarter. That said, we have seen more cautious sentiment from our buyers. We are closely monitoring the very dynamic situation in our markets, as well as logistics and supply chain risks. Our goal is to be ahead of potential scenarios, to be flexible and to quickly adapt to any changes. This means maintaining a high degree of optionality in our logistics and sourcing and constant communication with our teams, suppliers and service providers. Some of the actions we are already taking include finding alternative sources for phosphate rock to protect against the Miski Mayo outage extending longer than currently expected, as well as finding new sources of sulfur and sulfuric acid to ensure we can continue to meet our production needs through this period of uncertainty. It is important to note that we are finding opportunities as well. For example, we’re seeing more rail and truck availability as other industries’ demand has fallen, which increases our flexibility and capacity to move product to market and lowers our fuel and freight costs. Also, while the availability of sulfur around the world is being impacted by lower refining activity, we have taken advantage of opportunities to purchase inexpensive sulfuric acid shipments that were in transit to other buyers who no longer had a need for it. In addition, we are seeing reduced G&A expenses as we’ve curtailed travel, and we expect a more moderate level of spend longer term, as employees over the last couple of months have embraced various tools and technologies that promote face-to-face collaboration without having to travel. We’ve also seen positive developments in cash taxes. Recent passed legislation will accelerate cash tax refund that we had anticipated collecting over the next few years. As a result, we have updated our cash tax expectations for the year to reflect a net inflow of approximately $15 million from refunds versus a net outflow previously. When it comes to our operations, we’ve been fortunate. Our supply chain partners continue to operate well, and we maintain the ability to move product by rail, truck, barge and ship. Our employees have been exceptional. Only a handful of our employees have tested positive for the virus, and none has been critically ill. We responded to the pandemic by adapting quickly to keep our people healthy and safe. We managed shift schedules to keep people at safe distances from each other. We kept the office workers engaged while working from home, and we ensured that we were equipped with appropriate supplies of personal protective gear. We fundamentally shifted how we worked in just a few days. We’re also doing our part to help society deal with the pandemic. We’ve invested over $1.5 million in the communities where we operate to help with those communities most urgent needs including medical supplies and food relief. Beyond COVID-19, Mosaic continues to execute well and responsibly so that we can maximize the benefit from improving markets. Our plants and mines are operating efficiently and at high production rates, and our safety performance continues to improve. In Brazil, we’ve achieved transformational savings of $17 million in the quarter, and we are well on our way toward our new $50 million additional savings target for 2020. Our K3 project continues to gain momentum with the third miner placed into operation in March and the fourth miner due to be completed within the next month. Our newly combined North American business is identifying significant costs and other efficiency opportunities, and our SG&A expenses are down considerably primarily from lower long-term performance-based incentives. Now I will turn the call over to Clint to discuss the quarter, how we think about our liquidity and financial strength and the scenarios we’ve considered. Clint?
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Joc. As we look back on the first quarter, there were a number of dynamics that we saw in the business, specifically around sales volumes, finished product prices and currencies. First, volumes in our three operating segments were up 14% compared to the first quarter of 2019 as an extended North American fall application season benefited potash and phosphate volumes, and market strength led to higher activity at Mosaic Fertilizantes. The combination of this strong demand and industry curtailments led to a rebound in phosphate spot prices during the quarter, and this dynamic has accelerated into the North American spring season. Recall, however, that there is a lag between market price changes and realizing those prices in our results. So we would expect to realize more of these market price improvements in the second quarter and beyond. Global currency volatility also had an impact on our business and financial results. In Brazil, the real depreciated by 22% versus the dollar during the first quarter. And as we’ve discussed in the past, depreciation of the real is directionally a benefit to Mosaic and Brazilian farmers as it lowers our production costs in dollar terms and improves farmer margins. With that said, we are mindful that this may create credit risk for certain customers with U.S. dollar obligations. However, we have seen minimal impact from this to date. While the currency volatility has been less than Brazil, the same dynamics apply to our business in Canada, where the Canadian dollar depreciated by 8% during the quarter. Recall, however, that we have a rolling currency hedging program that smooths out short-term volatility. So the effect of the currency movements on our financial results will be somewhat delayed. As a result of these currency movements, we recorded $295 million of unrealized foreign currency losses during the quarter. Of this amount, $239 million is related to accounting for U.S. dollar-denominated liabilities including intercompany balances at our foreign subsidiaries. When those liabilities are converted from U.S. dollars to local currency as part of the normal accounting process, that impact is reflected on the income statement. However, when the subsidiary balance sheets are subsequently translated back into U.S. dollars as part of the normal consolidation process, there’s an identical and offsetting adjustment to the balance sheet in the other comprehensive income account. The remaining $56 million is the unrealized mark-to-market on our normal course hedging program. We treat all of this as notable in calculating our adjusted earnings and adjusted EBITDA. I would also note that approximately $30 million in realized gains that relate to balance sheet hedges have been treated as notable items as the benefit of these hedges had no corresponding offset on the income statement. As outlined on Slide 10, Mosaic’s reported net loss for the first quarter of 2020 totaled $203 million or $0.54 per share, which included $295 million in noncash foreign currency losses that I just mentioned and normal FX hedging, particularly in Brazil. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $214 million and adjusted EPS was a loss of $0.06. At our potash business, adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $175 million, down from $256 million in the first quarter of 2019. Sales volumes during the period were up 2% compared to the previous year, as improving North American sales were mostly offset by lower international sales due to the lack of the China contract. Adjusted gross margin per tonne totaled $69 during the quarter compared to $100 per tonne last year as the reduction in average sales price more than offset the improvement in cash cost of production. It is notable that during the first quarter, cash cost of production were $70 per tonne, including $11 per tonne of cash brine management cost. This brings our cash cost of production, excluding brine cost, to $59 per tonne, which is below our 2021 target of $62 per tonne, while operating at a reasonable and sustainable 85% operating rate. While depreciation of the Canadian dollar contributed $1 per tonne to the benefit, most of the cost improvement has resulted from active portfolio management and the success of the K3 project. In the phosphates business, first-quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $8 million, compared to $168 million in the first quarter of 2019. Finished product sales volumes were up 7% year over year, reflecting the surge in late-fall applications in January and a strong start to the spring season. However, these higher sales and lower sulfur costs were more than offset by weaker average sales prices. With that said, we have seen average realized at-the-plant DAP prices strengthened by $8 per tonne in the first quarter and would expect that to accelerate into the second quarter as more recent pricing trends are realized into results. While some of this improvement is masked in results by the normal shift away from higher-margin MicroEssentials sales in the first quarter, we expect this to correct itself in the second quarter as strong MicroEssentials sales into North America are occurring. We continue to make significant progress on costs. For instance, our cash rock cost reached $36 per tonne, with our Florida mining operations delivering one of the best quarters in years and below our 2021 target of $39 per tonne. While our cash conversion costs rose to $67 per tonne due to the impact of curtailments, we should return to more normal levels in the second quarter as those facilities are back up to full operation. And finally, we’ve seen substantial benefits in our raw material costs, primarily sulfur. While sulfur prices have increased recently to $54 per tonne under our second-quarter contracts, they are still well below average 2019 levels. Mosaic Fertilizantes had a strong first quarter in terms of volumes, gross margin and adjusted EBITDA, with adjusted EBITDA totaling $68 million, compared to $62 million in the first quarter of 2019 despite the year-over-year finished product pricing trends, reflecting the impact of the company’s synergy and transformation programs. Similar to the phosphate operation, cash rock cost at Mosaic Fertilizantes improved meaningfully to BRL 312 per tonne, down 9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 and below our 2021 target of BRL 320. In dollar terms, with the weakness in the local currency, cash rock costs were down 16% over the same period to $70 per tonne. Cash cost of phosphate conversion were up 7% in real from the fourth quarter due to a shift in production from TSP to higher-cost, higher-margin MAP. However, reported cost in dollar terms were down 8% over the same period after factoring local currency weakness. We’ve shown Slide 11 before, and we’re making progress toward achieving the $225 million in incremental EBITDA this year. In the first quarter, Plant City closure costs were $10 million less. Potash production cost, excluding currency benefits, delivered $35 million versus the $70 million to $80 million target. And Brazil transformation efforts realized $17 million of the $50 million total. For the $80 million benefit, we expect to see related to dam remediation in Brazil. Recall that those costs did not become material last year until the second quarter. So we would expect to see those benefits throughout the balance of this year. As reflected on Slide 12, consolidated liquidity totaled $2.7 billion at March 31. As previously announced, we believe the current environment makes holding more cash than normal prudent. So during the quarter, we accessed both our committed revolver and uncommitted working capital facilities to raise the amount of cash on the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, unrestricted cash stood at $1.1 billion with an additional $1.6 billion available under Mosaic’s committed revolver and $50 million to $100 million available under uncommitted working capital facilities depending on the available borrowing base. The company’s liquidity position improved further in the month of April as cash balances continue to build. Cash from operations during the first quarter was positive $190 million, a $366 million improvement over last year as a result of continued management of both cost and working capital. As is normal for Mosaic, net debt rose during the quarter by $415 million, less than last year. I would also note that during the quarter, our structured payables balance in Brazil, which is not part of net debt, declined by $241 million. As we look to the balance of the year, we are expecting up to $170 million in additional cash inflow from both domestic and international tax refunds in excess of our previous estimates and the unwinding of an interest rate swap. In fact, we’ve already received over half of this amount in the second quarter. As we look to manage our liquidity, we view these kind of cash enhancing steps as constructive and preferable to other options such as cutting CapEx as it allows the company to remain on target with value-enhancing projects such as K3 and the Brazil transformation. With that said, we do retain the ability to adjust our spend profile, should circumstances warrant. As we move forward in the year, we intend to maintain an elevated cash position. However, should uncertainty around COVID-19 diminish, we would expect to return some, if not all, of the cash accessed under our lines and return to a more normal liquidity profile. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to you, Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Clint. Overall, we believe 2020 and the years ahead hold major promise for Mosaic and our shareholders. Our products are recognized globally as a priority, fulfilling a critical need for food security. Potash and phosphate markets are moving into better supply and demand balance, with very strong global demand and limited new supply coming to market. We expect the market strengthening to continue as we move through 2020 and into 2021. The spring in North America is shaping up to be the best in several years, and Mosaic is delivering across the organization. Our plants and mines are running efficiently. We are maintaining our strong financial foundation, and we are reducing costs, all while adapting and managing the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations, supply chain and customers. Most importantly, our ultimate market continues to grow. Demand for food will persist, and we will be there to help the world’s farmers meet that demand. Thank you again for your attention. We wish you all good health.
A - Joc O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for listening in on our first quarter virtual fireside chat. By now, you’ve seen our earnings release and the commentary, and so we would like to spend an hour or so answering the questions we received last night. We’ll do our best to answer every question, and we’ve consolidated questions where they’re similar to each other. Before we begin, I would like to reiterate our key themes. First, our markets are holding up well. The global fertilizer demand is strong. COVID-19 has obviously made for a very dynamic business environment, and agriculture must and will continue to produce. And secondly, we’re delivering strong operating performance and making real strategic progress across the company. We’ve lowered costs, increased efficiency and created leverage for the years ahead. So now, Laura, let’s take the first question.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we’ve received similar questions from Rikin Patel at Berenberg and Chris Parkinson at Crédit Suisse. Given your progress on per tonne costs, can you comment on any updated projects versus your initial goals in all 3 segments? How sustainable are these cost levels going forward? And could there be further upside, considering that it’s only first quarter ‘20? Finally, is there any scope to accelerate some of the company’s cost reduction plans that were meant for 2021 into this year?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you for your question. Look, as we continue to pursue transformational opportunities across our business, we are looking at what are the critical few projects that we can continue through this COVID-19 that really will make a difference over the long term for Mosaic. In potash, the first of these, of course, is the K3 development. Today, we have 3 [miners] running, soon to have 4. And by the end of the year, we’ll be close to eliminating the need for the K1 mine. That’s a big step forward in this project and really a nice segue into having no need for brine inflow costs and pushing K3 to being the most efficient mine in the world. In terms of Fertilizantes, whether it’s the optimization of freight or cost reductions and -- through energy and our beneficiation or driving our rock costs lower, we’re well on track towards our 2020 and 2021 cost reduction targets there. And of course, if we can accelerate those, we will. In phosphates, whether it’s our next-generation mining initiative or our next-gen processing initiatives, we’re using technology and automation to drive costs and drive efficiency in that business. So across the business, despite the interference of COVID, we are really pushing on those critical ones that will make a difference in the long term to Mosaic.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, PJ Juvekar at Citi asks, "How are you thinking about your EBITDA covenant? And what happens if EBITDA continues to fall?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, PJ. We are comfortably above our EBITDA to interest rate covenants, but what I will do here is I’ll let Clint give you some details on that.
Clint Freeland: Okay. Thanks, Joc, and thanks, PJ, for your question. As Joc said, I think the question that you have really focuses in on our interest coverage ratio which use an adjusted EBITDA. And as Joc said, we have plenty of room in that ratio right now. It is calculated on a rolling 4-quarter basis, so certainly keep that in mind. The other thing is, as you’re calculating that, to keep in mind is that similar to our reported adjusted EBITDA, the covenant does adjust for things like foreign exchange gains and losses, share-based compensation expense and losses for asset write-downs. So just be sure that you’re adjusting your math for those items as you’re looking at that ratio.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, this next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard at Bernstein. You spent $264 million on CapEx in Q1, but you’re still guiding to $1.2 billion for the year. Run rate for Q1 is $1.05 billion. Are you picking up spending in quarters 2 through 4? And if so, why?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Jonas. Yes, we did make a conscious effort to conserve cash in Q1, and we normally do that as that is our lowest cash flow quarter. So we try not to spend as much capital in that quarter if we can help it. And with COVID, we were even more focused in the first quarter. But we do expect some acceleration of spending as we go through the year, particularly in the summer months in Canada. As you know, K3 is our biggest expenditure, single expenditure area. And on that, a lot of that work is going to go this summer. But we believe that, that work is necessary, and as we’ve said previously, we’ll drive lower cost and more efficiency in the long run. In terms of other capital, yes, by all means, we’re going to try and minimize what we do throughout the end of the year. But at the same time, we still have to look after the quality of our assets and the safety of our people. That is always our first focus.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, this next question comes from Chris Parkinson at Credit Suisse. How should we think about transportation and logistics costs in terms of both inland and seaborne freight? Is it safe to say rates could be a minor tailwind to FOB netback prices?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Chris. Yes. We’re definitely enjoying lower transportation costs right now, which is providing a bit of a tailwind. Of course, the cost of fuel is helping us from a rail and ocean freight perspective. And on rail, there’s an extra efficiency in that we’re not transporting as much of other products, so it adds a lot more availability to us. In terms of ocean freight, while ocean freight is helping us, it’s also helping the whole industry. And so the bigger impact there is it will probably trade, change the trade flows rather than make a real difference to our competitiveness.
Laura Gagnon: This next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard at Bernstein. Can you talk about the drivers of differences between rock costs per tonne in Florida versus Brazil? What is the long-term goal for Brazilian rock costs? And what is the rock costs per tonne in Peru?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Jonas, for the question. In terms of our rock mining costs, we have a very different mining method in Florida versus Brazil. And the main reason for that is, in Florida, we have a sedimentary deposit where we’re able to use large draglines to move the rock. In Brazil, it’s an igneous deposit, and we have to blast and use truck and shovel to move the ore in that situation. So Brazil will always have a slightly higher cost per tonne than the U.S. will have, but the advantage, of course, is you don’t have freight from the coast up to our growing regions or up to Uberaba which where we will use the rock. So in location, it’s very competitive. Long term, we’ve put out our goals as having rock costs in the range of BRL 300 per tonne. We still see that as being a good goal, and we believe we’ll achieve that goal. Matter of fact, I think we’ve achieved that goal this year. So we’re doing well on rock costs. We expect to continuously improve, and that’s really a good thing. In terms of Peru, again, it’s a truck and shovel operation, but it is a sedimentary rock, so we don’t have to blast. So they have pretty good costs. They’re somewhere in between our Florida costs and our Brazilian costs.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Can you provide some additional detail related to how Mosaic will realize the sales for the new China contract? And how much Chinese potash volume will your second quarter results reflect? When will you recognize the volumes in the bonded warehouses in China?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Vincent. The way we deal with potash sales outside of Canada is through Canpotex, and we follow Canpotex’s revenue recognition standards. So those funds in bonded warehouses have largely been recognized. Although I will say there will have to be an adjustment for changes in price that we will recognize in Q2. Now in terms of the -- a lot of those tonnes, they are actually going to be directed to our own distribution business. And so they’re sitting today in our corporate segment in profit and inventory, and so that will move as we make the final sale of those products.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have a multipart question from Seth Goldstein from Morningstar Research, and this all pertains to K3. What is the expected effective production capacity for 2020? What is our total expected production as a percent of total or in tonnes? And should Mosaic decide to reduce potash production, would any of it come from K3?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Seth. As we look at 2020 and K3, by the end of the year, we expect we’ll be running in that 2.5 million to 3 million tonnes per year of actual potash produced coming out of K3. As I said earlier, that will allow us to virtually eliminate the K1 mine and have all the K1 plant be fed by the K3 mine. In terms of this year, we expect to exceed the 1 million tonnes that we’ve previously announced, and we should produce somewhere between 1 million and 1.5 million tonnes of actual production from the K3 mine. If we have to turn down production, certainly, it will not be from K3, which is, by far, our most efficient underground production to date.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, our next question comes from Vincent Andrews at Morgan Stanley. How much volume in North America was actually pulled forward from Q2 into Q1?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Vincent. In fact, if we look at the volumes, probably the bigger impact on volume was what would have been Q4 volume last year coming into Q1. We had a late fall, but it continued well into the late, late fall and into the winter months, and so the revenue recognition in Q1 was impacted by funds that would have normally moved earlier in the year in Q4. In terms of moving tonnes from Q1 from Q2, I think that effect will be minimal. As although we got acceleration of people ordering and taking delivery, there is a lag for revenue recognition. And so from a revenue recognition perspective, many of the tons that might have been shipped in March will actually be recognized in the second quarter.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the next couple of questions retain to Mosaic Fertilizantes. Steve Byrne from Bank of America wants to know what is the long-term growth potential for the Fertilizantes business. Is it becoming a bigger producer or a larger distributor or to expand into full-service retail?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Steve. As you’re well aware, there is great, long-term potential for Mosaic Fertilizantes. This business gives Mosaic a real first-mover advantage in Brazil. And as such, we think there’s tremendous opportunities to become either a bigger producer through organic or inorganic means. It allows us an avenue to distribute our value-added products like MicroEssentials and continue to grow that market. In terms of whether we would move into a more retail base, at this stage, that isn’t really our strategy. And we don’t believe that that’s where this business should go in the long term.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the next question comes again from Vincent Andrews at Morgan Stanley. With the significant devaluation of the real in 2020, how much will that impact Mosaic’s gross profit and how much will impact the SG&A line?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Vincent. We have provided sensitivities to changes in FX rate in the appendixes. However, what I will emphasize is these were done on an unhedged base. So when you think about it, you have to think about the fact that we have hedged about half of our real-based exposure. In terms of SG&A, about 1/3 of our costs in SG&A are actually real-based. So that gives you an idea on the impact to Brazilian SG&A.
Laura Gagnon: The next few questions, Joc, pertain to our Phosphates segment. So both Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs and Mark Connelly from Stephens are interested in hearing Mosaic’s perspective on the outlook for sulfur over the balance of 2020 given the curtailments in the global energy sector and the implications for input costs. Can and would you carry higher-than-normal sulfur inventory through the course of 2020 and into 2021?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, guys. Certainly, the oil industry disruption is having a knock-on effect in terms of sulfur. At Mosaic, there’s 2 things we’re doing to really help our sulfur situation. One, as you suggested, we are moving to a higher level of inventory to make sure we have a better buffer. And then secondly, we’ve actually been sourcing cheap or cheap-ish sulfuric acid to supplement our supply. Now that has worked out quite well because other industries have slowed down. But in terms of the overall world sulfur market, one of the things I will say is Mosaic is probably better positioned than most because of our position in U.S. Gulf. And remember, in the U.S. Gulf, while the production is down, they’re using more heavy crude right now, which produces more sulfur. Certainly, there is going to be periodic and localized sulfur deficiencies around the globe. But I think in that, Mosaic will be positioned best to weather the storm.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, both Mark Connelly from Stephens and Seth Goldstein from Morningstar have questions related to our MicroEssentials product. First, what are the main things Mosaic needs to do to reach its MicroEssential sales target for 2021? Is there a trade-off in application between soy and corn-planted acres? How would crop prices remain at or near current levels affect the pace or probability of reaching that target? And finally, how much do you expect Brazil to contribute to MicroEssentials growth in 2020?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, folks. I’m going to hand this one straight to Rick because I think he can give a more complete answer.
Richard McLellan: Yes. Thanks, Joc. And for us to kind of achieve the goals we have for MicroEssentials, we need to continue to provide the agronomic support that we’re doing to customers and to dealers that distribute the product as well as we need to help them focus on maximizing the returns of their crops. And in years where crop prices get difficult, we see that people focus on maximizing the return, and we’ve seen good growth in MicroEssentials. As far as the corn and soybean ratio, we’ve got products that are specific to MicroEssentials products that are specific to corn, to soybeans, to canola, and we’ll match up the needs of the farmer and the needs of the crop.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Rick. And let me add, because North America is a mature market, the growth there is somewhat slower than in other markets. And in Brazil, we expect up to 60% of our growth will come from that market.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have another MicroEssentials-related question. What is the expected mix shift between commodity products and MicroEssentials or other specialty products? And would this impact the margin mix?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Joel. Our 2021 goal continues to be achieving a final MicroEssentials sale number of about 3.7 million tonnes, and that normally gives us an average premium of about $40 a ton over DAP and MAP. So it is certainly our best margin product in phosphate. And in terms of Brazil, we take not only the producer margin, but we also get the retailer, the distributor margin there. And so in Brazil, it’s, by far, our most profitable and really adds to our margins.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Joel Jackson from BMO asks, "What levers does Mosaic have to ensure phosphate doesn’t continue in negative margin territory under the current pricing environment?"
Joc O’Rourke: Well, thank you, guys. Let me answer those one at a time. Certainly, our next-gen mining and next-gen processing will improve both our recovery rates and our costs in the phosphate business. Also, we’re doing other things like considering the integration of our Phosphates and Potash business, which takes significant costs out of those businesses. So it’s not just the technology. It’s all the other day-to-day stuff that goes with it. In terms of phosphate production reductions, we’ve always said we will match the needs of our customers with our production. At this stage, we believe that we are matching that effectively, and there will be no need for production reductions. And we believe that the demand is there today, so prices should follow in time. In terms of our overall costs, these have been pretty much constant in Phosphates for up to 10 years. And we’re able to, each year, improve in such a way that we’re taking the impact of inflation out of our cost, which I think is actually making us much more competitive in the long term.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse asks, "What is your forecast for long-term stripping margin assumptions based on your outlook for raw materials and the view on marginal cost of production out of China?"
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Chris. As we look forward and we look at the raw materials, we believe those basically are passed on to the consumer. So if we look at a balanced market for phosphate, we would look at probably what we’ve said before, which is a net global price in that range of $285 to $310. Obviously, at times, it’s going to be below that and above that at other times, but if we look to the long-term average, I think that’s where we would post it.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, I’m going to move on to the market-related questions. Many of them were multi-parts, and I’ve done my best to summarize those. The first question comes from Ben Isaacson at Scotia, Seth Goldstein at Morningside (sic) [Morningstar] and Rikin Patel at Bernberg. They’ve all asked about new Chinese contract pricing, including when do you think the seaborne trade to China will pick up again given the amount of potash and bonded warehouses? How did the price compare to your expectations? And how frequently do you expect these contracts to reset, in another 12 months or 18 months? And what is the outlook for volumes contracted to China and India?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, guys. Let me take these one at a time. First of all, we expect that the actual shipments to China will start almost immediately. Yes, there is material in bonded warehouses, but our expectation is that will go and start filling up the NPK plants and the retailers very quickly. And what will come behind will be the retail for the fall. How does the price compare to our expectations in that, certainly, we’re disappointed in a price as low as came in. But I will emphasize, China is still an important base contract, and the thing there is to get the volumes moving. We’ve already seen the ability to move prices up in Brazil since we got that contract settled. So the big thing there is really, get it done, move forward and work on moving prices up in the rest of the world. The third piece, in terms of volume for China and India, we do expect imports to China will be down slightly to, I think, around 8 million tonnes. And in terms of India, they’ll be up maybe 0.5 million tonnes to 4.5 million tonnes. So basically, the two of them kind of balance off, and we see a fairly flat year for those two big contracts.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the next question comes from Vincent Andrews at Morgan Stanley, specifically addressing Slide 5. Slide 5 argues that the 2020 Chinese potash contract could set off a similar potash price run as the settlement did in 2016. What are the similarities and differences to S&D, U.S. dollar and soft commodity prices that both support and refute such a comparison. And in particular, given the substantial volume sitting in Chinese bonded warehouses today, will the potash market really be able to have a near-term price upswing if the industry is not actually shipping material incremental potash to China in the next quarter or so?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Vincent. Let me hand this straight over to Rick, and he can give you a good answer on that one.
Richard McLellan: Yes. Thanks, Joc. And Vincent, it really is amazing how much this year lines up to what we observed coming out of 2016 and the settlement from China. The industry sentiment at the time after entering through a period of prolonged oversupply, it was -- the expectation was for the prices to remain soft. But the fact that the China volume occurred and the contract occurred almost immediately, we saw the market kind of step up.  And I think one of the questions that you need to ask yourself are what are the similarities that are happening today that are -- that happened at the last time. Generally speaking, the dollar is not much different than it was three to four years ago with the exception of Brazil, which, frankly, is positive for commodities. Ag commodity prices, for the most part, were weaker today than they were in ‘16 and ‘17. But if you remember, we also saw corn futures bouncing around the low $3 range then as well. And the other current uncertainty is the COVID-19. But we think, overall, this is a very good analogy to look at and to understand. And to the question of can we see price upticks, we’re already seeing that in Brazil where we’ve sold potash at a much higher level.
Laura Gagnon: Chris Parkinson at Crédit Suisse and PJ Juvekar from Citi both have questions on the potash cost curve. So Joc, can you discuss your views of the global potash cost curve? And who might be profitable at a $215 per metric tonne CFR Brazil price? In particular, what is the benefit of the depreciation in the Russian ruble for Russian producers? And do you think $220 per tonne marks the near term for it?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you for your question, guys. There’s no question that even at $215, the players on the far left of the cost curve, particularly the Russians and the Belorussians, right now will be cash positive at $215 CFR Brazil price. But remember, that does not include the cost of sustaining those businesses, replacing reserves, et cetera. So I don’t think it’s a long-term sustainable cost. But I believe the lower-cost players will be reasonably comfortable at those costs for a short period of time.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the following question comes from Mark Connelly at Stephens. Why is it to any producer’s advantage to place any significant tonnage at or near the Chinese market?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Mark. The question about why we would put product into bonded warehouses when there isn’t a contract, it’s a delicate balance between continuing to keep production going, product flowing. If there’s an anticipation of a contract in the near term, I think it certainly makes some sense to advance some product to those markets. However, I would agree that, in this case, that was used more than probably was helpful, and it did delay the ultimate settling of the contract.
Laura Gagnon: The following question comes from Adam Samuelson at Goldman Sachs, asking more broadly about the potash market. Mosaic lowered its global product shipment forecast by 2 million tonnes relative to its February forecast versus a downwardly revised 2019 level. Given that at least 1.5 million tonnes of fourth quarter 2019 production curtailment and 1.5 million tonnes of new capacity coming onstream in 2020, do you expect similar production curtailments in the second half of 2020 as we saw in the second half of 2019? And is Mosaic now planning for lower production and shipments than it was in February?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Adam. Yes, there’s no question the production will be down from what it was previously, and we’ve seen reduced operating rates carried through from last year into 2020, for example, Nutrien’s Vanscoy facility is down. And you’re aware, earlier this year, we decided that we would keep Colonsay down indefinitely. So that, coupled with a few, albeit small, production cuts due to COVID-19 issues around the world, we don’t see a market being particularly burdened by supply. This is also supported by our view that there will only be about 1 million tonnes of incremental production coming on this year between SQM, K+S and EuroChem and with the commissioning of the Petrikovsky mine in Belarus. As for Mosaic’s production, we continue to maintain that we will match our production with our customers’ requirements. So we will continue to monitor global demand, and we will make adjustments as it’s required.
Laura Gagnon: Ben Isaacson from Scotia asks if you’re seeing any abnormal demand patterns related to weather, farmer economics or COVID-19 in either potash or phosphate.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Ben. Let me start by saying weather is always a factor in our business. And right now, weather is actually probably helping us because we have a very normal year in the North American market and it looks like we’re going to have a pretty strong spring season. So overall, weather is always plus and minus. But this year, I think it’s probably helping us overall. In terms of farmer economics, certainly, or COVID-19, certainly, at this stage, we have not seen any impacts from either of those. Although as we look to the long term, they certainly will become a factor if farmer economics become weaker. One area where all this turmoil is helping us is in places like Brazil and India, where solid farmer economics and positive farmer sentiment is actually driving purchase activity.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the next question comes from Steve Byrne, Bank of America. In your opinion, what is the primary reason phosphate and potash prices declined throughout 2019? And what will be the mechanism for reversal?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Steve. If we look back on 2019, I think the biggest thing there was actually the demand shock of the North American market. North America had a bad fall in 2018, a bad spring in 2019 and really a late fall in 2019. So more than anything, this was not a supply-driven occurrence. It was more of a demand-driven occurrence and mostly through the U.S. bad spring. Other than that, it should be a relatively normal year this year. And so what we believe the mechanism for reversal will be is a good North American spring, which we’re seeing today.
Laura Gagnon: We have another question from Steve, Joc. The upper end of your phosphate volume forecast range for 2020 is not even up to the 2018 level, and the upper end of the potash forecast range is equal to the 2018 level. What happened to the thesis that missed applications in 2019 would be applied in 2020?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Steve. In phosphates, the primary driver for shipments not reaching the ‘18 level is China. And in that market, the demand has declined, and as such, so has production. Now as we get into 2020, we see that demand level in interior China has stabilized. As such, we can see further growth as we go forward. In potash, we certainly seen demand rebound in places like North America, India and continued growth in Brazil. The one area where we haven’t seen great demand is in Southeast Asia and particularly Indonesia, Malaysia, where palm prices have given us some concern about ongoing demand this year.
Laura Gagnon: Jeff Zekauskas at JPMorgan, PJ Juvekar at Citi and Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs all ask questions on the Chinese phosphate exports. First, what is your outlook for Chinese exports in 2020? Can Chinese exports catch up after COVID-19? And what is breakeven price for Chinese export producers?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, folks. As you’re well aware, production from Hubei Province was low in the first quarter. And then once production restarted, it was really refocused on the domestic market. As we follow through the year, we expect that production shortfall. And as such, some of the 500,000 tonnes of deficiency in terms of their exports will be made up, and we expect to end the year with somewhere around 9.5 million tonnes of Chinese exports.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the following question was raised by Ben Isaacson at Scotia and Rikin Patel at Berenberg. What are you seeing in demand growth for China this year? And what is the impact of COVID-19?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, guys. Preliminary indications on the spring season show that phosphate demand has stabilized, with DAP demand likely ending up slightly higher year-over-year, while MAP demand is probably down modestly. In terms of COVID-19, it just doesn’t appear that it’s had too much of an impact on domestic phosphate consumption, and I think the reasoning is simple. First of all, the Chinese government is focused very much on food production. As a good example, support price for corn is up 9% to $7.50 a bushel. So that really is a good incentive for the Chinese farmer to plant.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, both PJ Juvekar at Citi and Chris Parkinson from Crédit Suisse asked about the supply in phosphates. Longer term, what is your expectation of the cadence of new supply in 2020 through 2022? And shorter term, with global competitors curtailments behind them, do you expect more phosphate imports into the U.S. post planting this year?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, folks. I’m going to hand this one straight over to Rick to give you the detail on our expectations of longer-term S&D.
Richard McLellan: Yes. Thanks, Joc. This week, we’ll be providing in our investor presentations, an update of the S&D outlook. But frankly, once we get through 2020 and the expected OCP ramp-up and debottlenecking activities, along with the ramp-up of several smaller facilities in Egypt and Turkey, we expect the market to be much more balanced as we go into 2021 with most of the production additions behind us. And as for the near term, there was two or three vessels that are arriving, frankly, too late for the rapidly advancing spring season, and those will not make it into the north to be worked into the supply. Those are going to provide near-term price pressure, but we believe it to be transitory.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, we have two related questions from Vincent Andrews at Morgan Stanley and Adam Samuelson at Goldman Sachs. Why is potash demand benefiting from the strong Brazilian farmer economics more than phosphate? And this pertains to the global shipment forecast we included in our deck. And second, can you bridge the difference between strong farm-level economics and the tempered shipment outlook?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, guys. We believe that strong Brazilian farmer economics has helped both phosphate and potash this year. If there’s any difference in the growth between the two, it is simply our estimate of channel inventory as we enter the year. So in some cases, phosphate may have had a higher channel inventory. And as such, that has to be worked down before we get expected higher shipments. Other than that, we really believe that Brazil will be a highlight in the whole global demand for both phosphate and potash. And as you’ve seen from our results, certainly from a volume perspective, the first quarter highlights that.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the following question was raised by Rikin Patel at Berenberg. As the Brazilian planting season draws closer in the second half of the year, are there any mitigating factors you can put in place to lessen the impact of logistical issues exacerbated by COVID-19? And if so, what would those be?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Rikin. We’ve already taken a number of actions with respect to COVID-19. And as such, we’ve seen very little impact to our business, and I -- we believe a big piece of that is these precautions we’ve taken. We’ve taken those in Brazil and in North America and all our production facilities, but we’re protecting all our supply chain partners as best we can. So we’re practicing all the CDC guidelines. We’re changing shift schedules. We’re making sure that we don’t bring our carriers into our plant from a perspective of truck drivers, et cetera. So we’re trying to make sure that we do everything we can to protect ourselves. In addition, we have an advantage in that we are generally using private ports in Brazil, so we think we can do a lot and have already done a lot to allow for us to continue uninterrupted through this COVID issue. And let me add, we’re taking some extraordinary steps like even having our kitchens prepare meals for the drivers as they arrive, so they don’t contact people on their trip into our plants.
Laura Gagnon: The following question comes from Jonas Oxgaard at Bernstein. We keep hearing reports of specialty crops being discarded or plowed under due to logistical issues or labor shortages from COVID-19. Are you seeing any negative impact on fertilizer demand for specialty crops?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Jonas. From our perspective, we really haven’t felt any impacts to date. Now there is a chance that this could be a function of, there’s a great strength of demand from the much larger row crop sectors, and that could be masking any negative impacts from the specialty crop sector.
Laura Gagnon: Joc, the last question submitted last night comes from both Adam Samuelson at Goldman Sachs and Mark Connelly at Stephens, and it’s with respect to corn acreage imbalance. Given that 51% of the corn acreage has already been planted ahead of the 5-year average, what is your acreage forecast? And what gives you confidence in that figure if it’s different than the USDA? Also, you mentioned corn demand in China as they rebuild their herds, but we’re hearing African swine fever might not be under control. Can you tell us what you’re hearing?
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, folks. I’ll take these one at a time. First of all, we see corn acreage around 94 million acres. And while the USDA was noting 97 million acres, this was based on survey data before a lot of the COVID-19 impacts were felt. We have heard from our customer base that there was some switching, and there will be some switching from corn over to beans. But a lot of our largest customers have not seen too many corn acres come in below their initial USDA expectations. So we think our estimates are pretty realistic. In terms of African swine fever, there have been reports of some small-scale African swine fever outbreaks over the last weeks. But thus far, it appears to be just that, small and isolated. And bear in mind that many were expecting the demise of the Chinese soybean imports last year during the height of the outbreak. And China actually imported slightly more soybeans last year than they did in ‘18. So likely, they sought to maximize output across all their livestock classes. With that, we will wrap up this Q&A session. I hope you take away a few key points. Our business is operating well despite COVID-19. We’re delivering excellent operating performance, and we remain optimistic for the remainder of 2020. Thanks for listening, be safe and stay healthy.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rick McLellan, Senior Vice President Commercial. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our fourth quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today. As you're well aware, 2019 was a challenging year in our industry and for Mosaic, as poor weather in North America for three consecutive fertilizer application seasons left finished product inventories high and prices low, especially phosphates. Our realized DAP price declined 20% in 2019 and while potash prices remained relatively stable for most of the year, sales volumes were off over 10% as market demand weakened. Despite these market dynamics, we at Mosaic continued to focus on execution within our business and actively managing our portfolio of assets to effectively navigate this period of short-term weakness and position Mosaic for long-term success. Now with constructive agricultural commodity prices and nutrient depleted soils across most of the U.S. corn belt growers have strong incentive to plant maximum acres and maximize their yields. We expect that U.S. farmers will plant 10 million to 15 million more acres than last year and we expect very strong fertilizer consumption and demand this spring in North America. And we are not alone. A few weeks ago, we held our biggest customer event and it gave our entire executive team three days to engage with our top global customers. The atmosphere was upbeat. Ag retailers are feeling much better as we head into 2020. This sentiment shift, producer curtailments and a late fall surge of applications has driven phosphate prices higher. Today, we are seeing more than $65 per tonne improvement from the lowest prices traded we made in December. Add to that, the extended production downtime in China due to the coronavirus and we see a much more constructive global supply and demand picture for the global phosphate market. This demand has depleted our inventories and will lead us to bring phosphate production back to full levels before the end of the first quarter. The potash market is waiting for a China contract to form a new price benchmark and the country's necessary response to the coronavirus outbreak has made the timing of that settlement more uncertain. We do expect good demand in North America, Brazil and Southeast Asia, as farm economics are driving strong demand for potash around the world. So we may see a divergence from the China contract as the benchmark. We will continue to monitor the dynamics in China as they develop. While we cannot control weather or viruses and how the market reacts to those types of events, our focus continues to be on running our operations well and advancing our strategic initiatives. In 2019, we made significant progress in managing and transforming each of our business units. In potash, we demonstrated that we could exceed major development milestones allowing us to accelerate the development of our K3 mine at Esterhazy, Saskatchewan. We increased the pace of capital allocated to this mega project to match the execution pace, so that we could eliminate brine management costs at K1 and K2, a full 2.5 years earlier than originally planned. These cost savings combined with lower cost of production should result in a total cash savings of approximately $300 million. The ramp-up of K3 production facilitated the extended idling of the Colonsay mine. We expect to be able to meet market demand with our currently operating potash facilities and we've retained substantial surge capacity if the pace of demand growth accelerates. Our Mosaic Fertilizantes business in South America has made tremendous strides since we completed the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition two years ago. We've now achieved approximately $330 million in annual net synergies well above our original target and we've committed to achieve an additional $200 million in annual EBITDA benefit by the end of 2022. We also responded to the difficult situation of changing tailings down regulations with an aggressive and transparent approach. While meeting the new standards resulted in $80 million in cost and significant downtime at three of our Brazilian facilities in 2019, we were able to reach a successful resolution with all operating down certified by third parties and return to full production. In phosphates, we demonstrated market and cost discipline. First by permanently closing the Plant City facility and then through curtailments at other phosphate manufacturing plants as markets weakened. The reduction in supply is now beginning to bring the global supply and demand picture into balance. We are also executing a number of very exciting and promising initiatives to drive significant future efficiency gains. Those of you who joined us for our Analyst Day last March may recall that we discussed potential technological improvements at our mines. That potential is beginning to come to fruition and we are moving towards automating many elements of our mining processes in both phosphates and potash. We expect the relative modest capital requirements to yield strong ROI in the near future and enable safe and reliable production for many years to come. We pushed the organization on many fronts in 2019 and we accomplished a great deal while affirming our commitments to responsible operations. In fact, we generated record safety performance for the seventh consecutive year and our recordable injury frequency rate is industry-leading. We believe the broad spectrum of ESG performance provides good measures of risk management and management effectiveness and we are delivering strong results. Taken together, the moves we made in 2019 has strengthened Mosaic, permanently reduced our costs and help balance global potash and phosphate supply and demand. Now I will turn the call over to Clint to discuss the financial details and changes in our approach to setting forward-looking expectations. After that I've asked Rick to provide some insight into the coronavirus impact in China, before I close with our updated strategic priorities. Clint?
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Joc, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on Slide 5, Mosaic's reported net loss for the fourth quarter of 2019 totaled $921 million or $2.43 per share, which included $1.1 billion in previously announced non-cash charges related to asset and goodwill write-offs. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $202 million and adjusted EPS was a loss of $0.29. For the full year, Mosaic's net loss totaled $1.1 billion including approximately $1.5 billion in non-cash charges related to the Plant City closure and the impairment of goodwill at the phosphates business unit. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.35 billion and adjusted earnings per share were $0.16. At our potash business, adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $159 million, down from $270 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily due to lower sales volumes and a higher rate of fixed cost absorption as we adjusted production levels to more closely align with customer demand. With reduced demand during the fall application season, we curtailed production at our Colonsay facility leading to an overall operating rate for the segment of 63%, down from 99% in the fourth quarter of 2018. While this would normally lead to a sequential increase in production cost per tonne given the fixed cost intensity of that business, cash cost of production during the fourth quarter actually declined compared to the third quarter of 2019 as the company began to realize the benefits associated with shifting production from Colonsay to the lower cost Esterhazy K3 facility. Additionally, gross margins benefited from a true-up of Canadian resource taxes of $13.8 million or $9 a tonne from extending the Colonsay idling. At the phosphates business, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA totaled $8 million compared to $240 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, a significantly lower finished goods prices more than offset an improvement in raw material costs. Despite market headwinds, which continued through the quarter, the company continued to focus on managing cost and for the period recorded a sequential decline in cash conversion cost to $64 per tonne and a $2 per tonne reduction in cash rock costs. Adjusted EBITDA at Mosaic Fertilizantes totaled $78 million during the fourth quarter compared to $138 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 as lower finished goods prices, distribution margin pressure and higher idle costs, more than offset benefits from raw material costs and foreign exchange rates as well as transformational gains. As noted on the slide though, the segment's operating rate improved reflecting the final resolution of the tailings dam remediation and helping to drive cash conversion cost back to levels we saw before operations were slowed by the mine closures. At this point, I'd like to turn to 2020 expectations. And as you may recall, I noted on our third quarter conference call that we were considering changes to our approach on earnings guidance. The reason for this is that the primary driver behind Mosaic's earnings is the market price of finished phosphate and potash products, which is something we don't control and which can change quickly and meaningfully both positively as they did in 2018 or negatively as they did in 2019. Additionally, we're mindful that any direct or implied pricing outlook we provide can and likely will influence customer behavior. As such, we're modifying our approach to give investors the information and tools we believe they need to accurately model the company and to make reasonable adjustments throughout the year as markets change. As shown on slide 7, our approach pivots of actual reported adjusted EBITDA results, $1.35 billion for full year 2019 in this case. We will also note those non-market related items that will be different going forward. In this case the $225 million that we've previously disclosed related to cost incurred in 2019 that will not reoccur in 2020 or known structural benefits from actions taken by the company. Further detail on the makeup of that $225 million can be found in the appendix of this presentation. The total of these two items $1.575 billion in this case, should be the starting point for an investor's 2020 analysis. As you can see we've provided annualized adjusted EBITDA sensitivities for both realized FOB mine fertilizer prices and foreign currencies, which can be applied by investors to adjust their estimates for full year consolidated results. Going forward, I would not expect to update these numbers unless there is a material change to the non market-related items. For full year volumes, we've provided a summary of the history of each segment on slide 8. Like prices, volumes are driven by market conditions. So, consistent with our approach on market prices, we will not be providing forward guidance on volumes. But this is an important assumption that investors should update in their evaluation of the company. One thing to note for 2020 is that we do not expect the previously disclosed curtailments in the phosphate and potash businesses to limit sales volumes in 2020 as the ramp-up of K3 replaces lost production from Colonsay and Bartow has already begun to restart production. As reflected on slide 9, we will continue to provide the company's outlook for capital expenditures and those items needed to help investors reconcile from adjusted EBITDA to EPS. This is the same information we've provided in the past including our expectations for DD&A, net interest expense, non notable adjustments like equity compensation and ARO accretion, and an estimated effective tax rate. As you will note Mosaic's sustaining CapEx level for 2020 is somewhat elevated compared to historic norms, primarily due to approximately $75 million in record spend related to the phosphate segments consent decree. All work under that agreement must be final this year, so this will not be a recurring cost moving forward. Growth CapEx for the year is focused on the K3 project at Esterhazy, and represents approximately $300 million of this total. Most of the balance is associated with previously disclosed phosphate mine extension efforts in Florida and investments in Brazil related to the next-generation transformation work at Mosaic Fertilizantes, which is expected to generate $200 million per year in recurring EBITDA benefits by the end of 2022. And finally, to assist investors in refining their modeling of the company, we will be supplementing our traditional disclosures with two new sets of data. First, we will add new disclosures to our quarterly performance data on a number of topics. Most importantly, detail around realized pricing, product and geographic mix and raw material mix and realized costs. Second, while our updated outlook approach is focused on annual results, we recognize the importance of modeling quarterly earnings so to that end, we will begin disclosing monthly sales volumes and revenues by business unit for the first two months of each quarter. This information will be provided in the middle of the following month on Mosaic's investor website with results for the third month of each quarter provided in the regular quarterly earnings release. We believe this will enable investors to more effectively model quarterly results and better understand both the seasonality of our business and the lag that typically occurs between visible changes in benchmark prices and actual product pricing realized by the company. And finally, to assist investors with more detailed modeling of Mosaic, particularly those who have less history with the company, we'll be providing an investor education deck on our investor website that will provide additional detail on the most important factors and dynamics that should be included in an analysis of the company. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick to share insight on the coronavirus.
Rick McLellan: Thank you, Clint and good morning. On behalf of all Mosaic employees, I'd like to say our thoughts continue to be with our China employees and the people in China as they manage not only the direct impacts of the coronavirus, but also the challenges they are facing with restricted movements, supply shortages and the uncertainty of when normal daily operations will resume. Since keeping farmers healthy is critical to protecting China's food supply, we are in the process of procuring face mask to distribute to rural farmers through our local operations and business partners. These small efforts are greatly needed in the region and we hope this assists in stemming the spread of the virus. Beyond the imminent humanitarian issues, we know there will be impact in China's supply and demand for both phosphates and potash. Approximately 30% of Chinese phosphate rock, 30% of China's DAP, and 45% of China's MAP are produced in Hubei province, which is the epicenter of this outbreak and has been subject to the most restricted rules enacted to reduce the spread of the virus. In Hubei, phosphate production facilities have been on extended shutdowns and we understand the second round of shutdowns has been enacted from February 16 through the 29th. We believe the earliest these plants could reopen would be sometime in the first week of March. Plants that had already resumed operations outside of Hubei province are now running short of raw materials causing some of them to reduce production. We believe the overall phosphate production shortfall will ultimately be two million tonnes in the first half of 2020. Based upon surveys our China team conducted, half of the NPK and blend plant operators surveyed stated they have about two weeks of raw material on hand once they return to operations. This is a very low level. If phosphate prices are attractive we do expect China to be able to ramp up to recover a portion in the back half of 2020. For potash transportation issues have hampered movement of product away from the ports and will impact ongoing contract discussions. However, spring is near and the government is working proactively to ensure the return of logistics support for agricultural products. When workers are able to safely return to duty in the plants and in transportation, the resumption of normal operations is expected to be slow. But once trucks return to the road, we expect potash will move from the port to the blenders and on to farmers, creating a need for additional potash imports during the second quarter. We continue to monitor the situation and how best we can position Mosaic in these markets and expect to provide an update later in March. I'll now turn the call back over to Joc to share our updated strategic priorities.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Rick. The short-term challenges we faced in 2019 are largely behind us and our focus is on the future. We have a clear strategic road map to grow and strengthen the company and we have the right teams in place to execute the strategy. Our goals have not changed to drive increased efficiency and competitiveness in our existing business and grow value for the long-term. The enterprise is aligned around six strategic priorities that will build on our current strong foundation and drive a step change in performance. First in North America we'll continue to transform our potash and phosphate businesses and pursue new opportunities to improve their profitability and competitiveness. Technology and innovation will be used to accelerate our progress and drive value beyond the transformative efforts currently underway such as Esterhazy K3 and next-generation mining in phosphates. Second, we plan to fully leverage our manufacturing and distribution advantage in Brazil, which is the fastest-growing agricultural market in the world to increase market share and profitability. Third, we will continue to grow and strengthen the value of our product portfolio by building on the success of performance products and by pursuing strategic opportunities within the broader soil health space. Fourth, we will leverage the learnings from our very successful Brazil integration to drive improved collaboration and efficiency in our corporate functions as well. Fifth is our approach to capital and asset optimization. We will continue to balance our allocation between strengthening the balance sheet growing the business and returning money to shareholders. And finally, we remain committed to operating responsibly and ethically in all that we do. So we're excited about the path before us. Markets are improving and we expect strong global demand for phosphates and potash this year and in the years ahead. We have made tremendous progress. We are managing capital effectively maintaining our market discipline and taking actions to permanently reduce our cost base, while growing long-term value. In this increasingly unpredictable environment new seed and other technologies and effective soil nutrition are necessary for the world farmers to meet the ever-growing need for food. At Mosaic, we are managing for long-term prosperity so that we can fulfill our mission to help the world grow the food it needs. We expect to achieve the promise of our mission by building and sustaining the most competitive, resilient, profitable and responsible company in our space. We have the right strategic plans in place to accelerate our progress on that path. And we believe Mosaic is very well positioned to add strong value for all of our stakeholders in 2020 and beyond. Now, we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens Incorporated. Your line is now open.
Mark Connelly: Thank you, Joc. You covered a lot of ground, but you didn't mention Ma'aden. Can you talk about how that business is performing and how it's responding to the stress of this market?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks Mark. Yeah, good morning. Ma'aden's performance so far I guess this is a mega project close to $8 billion of spend. It is ramping up and continues to ramp up. While I think the final answers to that should be with the Ma'aden company to answer how they feel about the ramp-up. From our perspective, it's ramping up about as we expected. I think they'll add another 0.5 million tonnes this year of production. So by the end of this year we'll be close to -- on track with that project for final production levels. And we still expect similar price impact benefits to Mosaic as that project completes. It will be a low-cost producer. It gives us diversity of supply particularly into markets like India and Asia. So we still think it's a great project. It was ultimately a needed project in global S&D. So -- and that's about where it stands today. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is now open; you may ask your question.
Jonas Oxgaard: Thank you. I was wondering if you could expand a little bit on K3. You say you're going to move about 600,000 tonnes in 2020 to production there. But could you I guess give us a fuller picture of where are you? How much -- at the end of next year how much production will there be in K3? And how should we think about the capital spend going forward?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks Jonas. K3 as we've stated a number of times, we've actually accelerated that project a couple of times now. And with that comes an acceleration obviously of the capital. The capital spend over the next couple of years I believe is in the $300 million range per year, but then ramps down quickly after 2021. In terms of where the project is at we have completed the first shaft it is running. We have completed the conveyor over to K2 already. It is running and in production that's where the 600,000 tonnes has been moved -- of product has been moved. We are ramping up very quickly. We're ramping up a single new minor every three or four months. And we'll soon have a conveyor over to K1 and then the second shaft running. So, we'll be at full capacity in a little over two years and that will completely complete that project.
Jonas Oxgaard: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open; you may ask your question.
Christopher Parkinson: Great. Thank you. So, lower sulfur prices declined yet kind of where the theme across the entire global phosphate cost curve in 2019 which had varying effects across the quartiles depending on timing. Just given your own assessment of the global -- your global cost position and the fact that you had to cycle through some higher price inventory even into the second half to the events in North America. Can you just simply give us an update right here right now given your outlook for sulfur in 2020? Just what type of benefit that -- should this actually mean for strip margins and how should we be thinking about this? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay Chris. I think the easiest way to answer that is obviously sulfur prices have been coming down quite a bit lately. Obviously, the difference between solid sulfur prices and the liquid molten sulfur prices makes the difference. As we go forward we're looking as low as in the mid-60s for sulfur price into the first quarter. I don't see any reason with a lot of sulfur inventory and IMO 2020, et cetera. There's really no strong reason for that sulfur market to tighten. And if we look at inventories around the world, for example, China with three million tonnes of inventory sitting on the ground there's plenty of sulfur in place for the near term needs. So, I would expect continued weakness in sulfur pricing which as you alluded to is positive for our stripping margins.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is now open; you may ask your question.
Ben Isaacson: Thank you. On page 23 of your deck you show that 2020 shipment changes could increase from zero to 2.5 million tonnes. Can you talk about the changes you see on the supply side that will contribute to your comment of a tightening market in phosphate? So, I think you mentioned a few you've talked about I think 2 million tonnes down in China that could come back a little bit in the second half. You've talked about 0.5 million tonnes out of Ma'aden. What are the other changes that you see on the supply side that will contribute to a tightening market?
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks Ben. Let me hit a couple of these and maybe Rick McLellan might add some color to it. As we see the market on a macro scale as Rick mentioned in his remarks, the first piece is China will certainly be down. I mean Hubei province has been down. So, China's capacity will be down. We also expect that they will focus that production that they do make in the first quarter certainly on internal or domestic requirements and then they'll make up some of that in the second half. And we expect that some of that will come back and that it is needed for global supply and demand balance. In terms of new supply, as I said, we have new supply from Ma'aden as it ramps up. OCP has pushed back their new phos asset capacity until the second half of the year. But ultimately this year, we expect they will be also bringing on new capacity per our expectations. So we expect in that case that we will have a relatively balanced market without any changes from China. But the strong growth demand will take up all of that and then some which will need from like I say China in the second half.
Rick McLellan: Joc, I think, the only thing that I would add is that on the demand side, we see two real clear pushes for increased demand. One is in North America where we're going to have 10 million to 15 million acres of production brought back in compared to 2019. And that in turn will improve demand in North America. And the second is in Brazil and South America where grain prices and the currency are pointing farmers towards a big second crop corn. There's challenges with weather as there always is. But the farmers are following the economics. And we've seen some of the Q4 demand that was sitting still in Brazil now get pulled into Q1. So it bodes well on the demand side.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. You ask your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping to maybe dig a little bit more into the phosphates demand side this year. Two parts. One maybe this is for Rick. Any view at this point kind of how much if any phosphate and I guess potash demand in China could be impacted by the supply disruptions and logistics disruptions in the first half of the year? I mean is there a risk of demand loss? And then second on the North America point you alluded to strong uptake and depletion of your own inventories in recent months in response to low prices is there any concern that you've seen distributors resell at low prices and pull forward demand from the spring? Thank you. 
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Adam. I will hand this over to Rick right away, but let me make a comment on the Chinese situation because I think the Chinese government is going to be highly focused on making sure this -- that they can have a good planting for their own needs and to make sure that food accessibility and food security is correct. But there is a real risk here that with the idling of plants and the curtailment of transport that they're going to have a tough time getting all the product to the farm that they need to get. So we do see a risk in this but there will be some demand disruption at least in the first half of the year because of the big impact of this virus.
Rick McLellan: And I'll just take it from there Joc. Good morning, Adam. As we look at China demand I think Joc hit it in that there will be disruptions in planting and usage. But the Chinese government and again this morning in China they repeated a mandate on the importance of prioritizing movement of fertilizers and agricultural products to the blenders and on through to the distributors. So they're going to do everything possible to make sure that what gets produced gets moved to the farmer. And if somebody has a view of just what the impact of all that they've got a better view insight than we do. And we believe we have a very strong view. The second is North American dealers and distributors have stepped into the market in a nice way in the last kind of two months almost. And it covered up the things that the volumes that they needed to just effectively take care of Q4 and get ready for the spring season. And it's a good time for us to kind of explain why we brought back up Bartow. If we look at what's in the distributor inventories, they're about normal for this time of year. When we look back to our own facilities, we were getting empty. There's a bit of an axiom that you can't sell of an empty production warehouse, so we had to bring the plants back up, it's that simple. And we've seen prices continue to strengthen during this period and we're seeing prices in Brazil for MAP in the $335 to $340 range and we believe there's opportunities for that to strengthen and we've seen a big push in North America, despite some wobbliness as imports come in. We're selling 285 barges at NOLA. And if you take a look at Brazil prices it would equate to something near 300 for NOLA. So all indications right now, we've continued to have -- we're going to continue to have to move product into the marketplace to assure we meet the spring demand.
Joc O'Rourke: And let me just add a clarifier there, Rick. Potash was really following almost exactly the same process. And in China, the movement will be from the ports to the blenders and then to the farm. So both those commodities will be moving much the same way. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is now open. You may ask your questions.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. In your appendix you have a couple of charts that show your estimates of shipments of P&K by region, it's very useful. But if I try to eyeball the numbers in, say, North American shipments, particularly for phosphate, the decline in 2019 seems relatively modest compared to what I would have thought given the level of weather-driven disruption in demand. Can you comment on what portion of those shipments were from you versus imports is that -- has that changed versus historical ratios? And would that level of decline be commensurate with the level of price decline that you saw in 2019? And if not, what do you think was driving that level of price decline and your outlook for an inflection?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Let me try and touch on that and then hand it to Rick for a little bit extra. Yes, the 9.4, remember that is a number that is shipments, not necessarily what went to the ground. So we've talked a bunch about how much the inventory buildup was and how much the inventory buildup was, not only in our customers' warehouses, but along the river and throughout the system. As, I think, was mentioned in the prepared remarks, the long tail of the fall application season has largely drawn down a lot of that inventory now. And so, while it shows a shipment number that is closer to a normal, the actual application number was much lower. And, of course, that's exactly what led to the price declines. And were we disproportionately hit? Absolutely. Mosaic was disproportionately hit, because the imports came in irrespective of the market conditions and the inventory build. Rick, anything to add?
Rick McLellan: Sorry. Yes, Steve. Good morning. I think, that Joc has hit the majority of it. I think your question is, what drove the pricing to where it was. I think the weather conditions, as we've kind of talked about, drove pricing to where it was and excess of imports coming to the U.S. Gulf compared to what the demand was at the farm level, that displacement of time really put the pressure on pricing at the Gulf. And so, as you look for demand increases for 2020, as we've got in the model for North America, I think one of the things you have to take a look at is the ratio of P&K to the commodity prices. If farmers follow money and where phosphate and potash prices are today, will certainly lend itself to increased farmer applications, on a per acre basis. And that's the only other point, I'd add to what you said, Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Rick.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial. Your line is now open. You may ask your question.
Don Carson: Yes. A question on, some of the new data that you're presenting, on realizations on the phosphate page, you've got prices FOB mine. So you're $266 million, in the fourth quarter. Is that going to -- how long before this recent price increase, we've seen will translate into higher realizations for you? And also the $266 million was well below some of the benchmarks was that due to some of the index pricing that was resulted from all these imports coming in? So again, just kind of the timing of price realizations, in the market today when you get them? And what your outlook would be, for first and second quarter price moves?
Joc O'Rourke: Sure. Thanks, Don. I'm going to hand that straight to Rick. I think we've had -- actually had some sales recently in Brazil that would significantly push that price. And as we realize those Rick, you've got a better handle on that.
Rick McLellan: Yeah. I think, the timing Don, you hit a couple of key points. One is the index pricing model coming into North America or into NOLA that exacerbated the situation that we're dealing with. We think that, the sellers into NOLA or have learned a fair bit. And there isn't going to be -- or that there should not be the amount of index pricing. And in fact, indexing into a market that's strengthening like, we're seeing today probably works to -- works more to the producer advantage than it does to the buyer. And so from that perspective, and so that you talked about pricing, we believe that as we move forward into the second quarter, that you're looking at least center of gulf for noble pricing, in the $300 a tonne range with some opportunities to move from there. And we're looking for the Brazil price. Right now we've sold some 315s into Brazil for MAP or 335 what I should say. And we're looking for the 340s and there are opportunities to move from there. Clint, do you want to add?
Clint Freeland: Yeah. And Don, this is, Clint. I'll maybe add a couple of things, here. Because I think part of your question was about kind of, when do we expect to begin realizing, the change in pricing. And I think that what you're touching on is something that's really important for investors to consider, when they're modeling our company. And that is the lag between, when you see liquid benchmark prices move versus when you actually see it in our financial statements. And as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks, we'll be putting out a kind of an investor education deck. And that is one of the topics that will be addressed is how people should think about the lag and realizing prices and not only on the revenue side, but also on the raw material cost. I mean in general, kind of a rule of thumb is there's typically call it a 2-month lag between when you see prices move. And when you actually see it, show up in our financial statements. And then one other thing that may assist people, on this front, just to monitor that lag and to see things as they realize are some of our monthly disclosures that we've talked about putting out going forward, around not only volumes, but also realize revenues on a monthly basis. So again, that will be another data point that people can reference to, to calibrate that lag.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Rosenberg: Hey good morning guys. This is Jeremy Rosenberg on for Vincent. Just a question on potash, obviously, a lot of capacity was taken off-line this year. You indicated comp is going to remain off-line. Just wondering your thoughts on kind of the other players, if there's risk that they all bring back their capacity this year that they curtailed? And just considering, the Greenfield tonnage we're expecting from EuroChem this year, can the market support all of those tonnes this year? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Jeremy. Yeah, look, we do expect some of that tonnage to come back. I think each company who curtailed in the fall will look at the demand expectations they have for the spring going forward and make sure that they have sufficient product for the needs. On the basis that the demand recovery will be in the range, we believe in the range of 2.9 million tonnes even with the ramp-up of the other operations we still expect there to be some deficit that which will have to come from the existing players bringing back new production. In terms of our decision for Colonsay, I'd just like to give you a little color on that. The way we're looking at that is the combination of inventory and capacity ramp-up at Esterhazy which has been as we've talked about significantly better than what we originally planned some 8 years ago has allowed us to meet what we believe is market needs without the Colonsay operation for the near term. We leave that in -- what I would call standby condition, so that if the markets do improve more than what we are expecting then we would be able to bring that up at some point in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi.
Kendall Marthaler: This is Kendall Marthaler on for PJ. Just kind of linking back to an earlier question around sulfur, with phosphate raw material prices coming down one of your competitors had recently said that, that could be a price headwind this year. So how do you think about that impact in the broader context of all the phosphate supply-demand factors, we've been talking about on the call for 2020?
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks Kendall. Look the way I would suggest, we look at it and I would suggest you would look at sulfur pricing is, in a weak market it is hard to have the consumer absorb the price of the raw material changes. In a stronger market, we often expect that the raw materials are basically a flow through. So what I would -- what we look at is what we would call the stripping margin which is really, what is the margin without the raw materials in it. And so in that way, yes it may -- the price may come down if the sulfur price goes down, but our profitability will not change.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Andrew Wong: Hi, good morning. Thanks. So Joc in your prepared remarks you mentioned that global potash prices might diverge a little bit from China. Could you elaborate a little bit on that? And does this indicate maybe a higher degree of uncertainty around the timing of a contract settlement this year? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes, Andrew thanks for the question. I will talk about this a little bit. I think it's worthy of Rick mentioned -- talking a little bit on this as well. But let me start by saying, the coronavirus has created a situation. I mean if you think about the travel restrictions to China mean, it is impossible for sales teams and marketing teams to even go to China to have discussions. So those discussions, while they're probably going on are going on by phone. As such there is added uncertainty as to when a China contract might be signed. As such the needs in the rest of the world will continue whether that be South America for their second crop for North America, for Indonesia, Malaysia all those areas are going to need potash soon. And so if there isn't an India -- sorry there isn't a Chinese contract there may have to be a different process for this year. Rick do you want to talk about that a little more?
Rick McLellan: Yes Joc. Good morning, Andrew. I think as we look at this, the China contract is going to be driven by how fast those port inventories can be drawn down because there's no more inventory -- saleable inventory being sent to China. So we're below 2.5 million tonnes. We see that being drawn down probably accelerating as this direction from the government to move inventory into position to the blenders and on to the farmers was reinforced this morning. So, we think that has an impact. The other market that doesn't get talked about that is really, really important and saw some significant decreases in 2019 is the Malaysia and Indonesia market. And frankly, palm oil prices have jumped up quite considerably. They've corrected recently, but the returns are there for palm oil producers, and we see a significant demand growth there. It's one that we don't talk about enough and maybe gets lost in the noise of Brazil, China and North America, but it's a significant market and we will provide significant opportunities for growth in 2020.
Joc O'Rourke: And just let me add too. If we look back to last year, India settled in the spring without the Chinese and then again in the fall without the Chinese. So, it doesn't say that the Chinese isn't an important benchmark market, but it does say that the other needs will at some point take precedent and they will have to deal with their own needs in their own countries.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is now open. Again John Roberts, your line is now open. You may ask your question.
John Roberts: Excuse me, can you hear me now?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah, we can hear you.
John Roberts: Yeah. In that investor education deck that you're planning, could we get a sample of what a monthly update would look like say, what you would have reported in mid-December for the fourth quarter?
Joc O'Rourke: Clint, yeah, go ahead.
Clint Freeland: Yeah. Hi, John, it's Clint. No, I think that certainly is something that we can include in there for investors reference.
John Roberts: Okay. And then maybe you could refresh us on the earn-out that Vale had on the Fertilizantes business. Obviously the performance in the recent quarters has been much lower than expected.
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. The simplest answer there is it wasn't actually based on business performance. The business performance has been probably better than what we expected. It was based on currency and DAP and MAP pricing. So, the payout is now complete. The payout will be zero.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Michael Piken. Your line is now open.
Michael Piken: Yeah. Hi. I just wanted to talk a little bit more about kind of your longer-term strategic plans for your Florida mines. And specifically, I know you've talked about lowering your rock cost, conversion costs. I mean if you could walk us a little bit through the cadence? I know you had showed a slide there showing that prices could be down maybe $2 by the end of 2021 on rock. But maybe you could just walk us through maybe like a five-year outlook and what the trajectory might look like? And how you see the long-term competitiveness of your Florida operations?
Joc O'Rourke: Yeah. Thanks Michael. Yeah I think that's an important question. As we sit at the very bottom of the market that becomes a question obviously. If we look going forward, if you go back our 2021 target has been -- 2021 target that we talked about at Investors Day, has been to hold our cash cost of mined rock flat over the time frame. So basically, I think the number we came to you with was about $39 per tonne. Likewise, our cash conversion cost as we go through some of these transformations, we expect to go down into the mid-50s to high-50s. So, long-term, we – with our transformation efforts can really drive significant cost out of our system compared. And if we look at our – basically our rock plus conversion cost, we believe we're in the best quartile position. And certainly, overall where we believe we're firmly in the bottom half of the cost curve and probably in the bottom third of the cost curve. As such, through market, this is a pretty attractive business and we intend to continue to improve that business to make it even better.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital. Your line is now open.
Bria Murphy: Hi. This is Bria Murphy on for Joel. Thanks for taking my question. Firstly thanks for the sensitivity information that you provided, it's very helpful. For the phosphate segment, if phosphate prices in 2020 average the same as 2019 levels, would EBITDA be $20 million higher because of the Plant City cost savings, or how would you expect phosphate segment EBITDA to trend in a flat pricing environment even directionally?
Joc O'Rourke: I'm going to hand that to Clint to give that. I think that's part of our guidance approach.
Clint Freeland: Yes. No it isn't. Good morning. I think that would be kind of the starting point would be the $20 million that we spend on idle costs at Plant City last year, obviously that will not affect us this year. So you would see an improvement there. And then I guess the other things that you would need to factor in not only finished goods prices but also update raw materials, also update volume expectations and then overall cost targets. So to the extent that you would adjust any of the volume targets as far as sales. Also think about what that does to cost per tonne, also think about what that does to idle costs relative to this year. So I would say that those are just a number of things to keep in mind as you model that business.
Joc O'Rourke: Yes. Let me just add one thing before we head off because I think we're running out of time very quickly, which is, look, this year we also absorbed a bunch of costs through idling our plants, we don't expect that to repeat itself. So when you look at our cost you will expect them to be more in line with long-term improvements because we have made underlying improvements. So let me summarize before we go here. Markets are improving and we expect the global demand for both phosphates and potash this year to increase and be strong. And also we expect that to continue into the years ahead. As a company, we've made tremendous progress. We're managing capital effectively. We're maintaining our market discipline and taking actions to permanently reduce our cost base while growing long-term value. So with that, I'd like to say thank you very much for listening to us. And in terms of the questions that you may have with respect to the modeling, Lucy and Laura will be available to answer your questions. So please go ahead and have a safe and happy day. We'll see you soon. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to The Mosaic Company’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Mrs. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you. And welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mossaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our third quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday’s Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings discussion. Yesterday after the market closed we released third quarter results which continued to reflect known challenges, with fertilizer prices impacted by high channel inventories in North America and slowing potash shipments into Asia. With that said, we are beginning to see developments in the market that are constructive on both these points. First, fertilizer is now being applied in North America. We expect a shortened but aggressive application season, which is needed to reduce channel inventories and set the stage for a strong spring season. Second, India recently settled its potash agreements, which sets a benchmark price and opens the door for product shipments to start moving. In the U.S. the late harvest and below trend crop yields have pushed corn and soybean prices higher, improving farmer economics for the next year and making fertilizer application more attractive. In addition, soils are depleted as weather has prevented farmers from applying the appropriate amounts of fertilizer. This is a combination of factors that bodes very well for fertilizer demand heading into 2020. Clint will provide details on our third quarter earnings, along with an explanation of some abnormal expenses running through the period, including a tax accrual, which by itself impacted adjusted earnings by $0.10 a share. I will focus on our outlook, as well as the actions we are taking to maximize our free cash flow. One key trend to note as we look forward to prices recovering is it phosphate and potash prices behave very differently, with potash moving more slowly and phosphates correcting sharply. Price increases lag volume movements, especially when we are starting from high inventory positions. In phosphates, we expect prices to rise as strong demand reduces North American inventories and we have position product strategically to capture time place premiums in key Midwest growing regions. We also expect phosphate demand to remain strong in other regions, including Brazil, where our production assets give us a meaningful advantage. On the supply side, Chinese phosphate exports are slowing as environmental regulations and economic pressures take effect. At the same time, we have curtailed production and the ramp up of new supply from Saudi Arabia and Morocco is largely complete. Potash demand was similarly impacted by high North American inventories and a delay in contract settlements, pressuring potash prices. Large potash producers have curtailed production to match supply to demand. Throughout 2019, Mosaic has continued to focus on strengthening the business, creating additional leverage to market improvement and financial returns. We have managed cash and capital prudently, and have maintained our strong financial position. We have lowered sustaining CapEx for the year and have reaffirmed our commitment to shareholder returns by repurchasing $150 million in Mosaic shares year-to-date. We have demonstrated our long held commitment to market discipline, curtailing both phosphate and potash production during periods of market weakness. We have retained our ability to resume production quickly as market strengthened. In Brazil, our Mosaic Fertilizantes business has completed all the actions required to reach its $275 million synergy target in 2019, a year ahead of schedule and we believe we can achieve up to $50 million more in excess of what the target was this year. We have also kicked off a new program to generate an additional $200 million of EBITDA contribution after 2019, through a mixture of operational improvements, further cost reductions and additional revenue. Finally, our Esterhazy K3 project is ramping up well. At our Analyst Day this past March, we announced that we were accelerating development of the project by a full year and momentum towards that goal has been better than anticipated. As a result, we see an opportunity to pull the project forward by an additional year, allowing us to end all brand management spending and realize the full benefits of significantly lower production costs by mid 2022. All this work clearly has strengthened our foundation and position Mosaic for success in a cyclical seasonal business. Initially harvested yields in North America were coming in line with modest expectations. As more acres are harvested, we are seeing yields come in lower. There are a lot of acres yet to harvest but our expectation is that yields will continue to slip lower and commodity prices will continue to rise. In the U.S. for 2020, we are forecasting 93 million acres of corn planting and 85 million acres of soybeans. The combination of nutrient depleted soils, more planted acres and excellent affordability of crop nutrients bodes well for fertilizer demand into 2020. The risk in 2019 continues to be the length of the application window is possible like in 2017. That fall application extends past year end. We believe farmers will make every effort to apply fertilizer in the fall with memories of spring 2019 challenge is so fresh. What farmers can’t apply this fall will be applied in the spring. Our outlook remains bullish, as we expect strong demand to pull down access inventories and prices to improve as we move into 2020. Now, I will ask Clint to provide more insight into our third quarter results and our outlook for fourth quarter and next year.
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Joc. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $366 million and adjusted earnings per share were $0.08. The company generated close to $500 million in cash from operations, with half of that cash being reinvested in our business and the majority of the balance being returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Cash balances end the quarter at $641 million. On a segment basis, solid performance in potash and Mosaic Fertilizantes was offset by continued weakness in phosphates primarily due to downward pressure on market prices. The potash business unit performed well. Volumes were at the midpoint of the range and adjusted gross margin per tonne came in strong as both prices and costs were better than expected. While we were pleased with third quarter results in potash, we do see challenges in the fourth quarter specifically around volumes as we await completion of the China contract. In phosphates, while volumes were on the low end of our range adjusted gross margin per tonne remained at negative $6. As a $13 per tonne benefit from lower raw material costs was offset by declines in average sales prices. Mosaic Fertilizantes continued its strong performance with adjusted gross margin per ton of $39 reflecting strong distribution margins and favorable product mix. Global phosphate price pressures did not impact Mosaic Fertilizantes as much as our phosphate segment. As the Brazilian product mix is more diversified and its distribution business generates more consistent margins. Sales volume during the quarter were initially delayed due to dry weather, but are now progressing well and we expect to finish the year strong. We continue to expect Brazil to set another record for total fertilizer shipments this year. And finally, there were a few items worth noting that impacted results beyond segment performance starting with our effective tax rates. As we have discussed in the past, earnings mix plays a large role in our tax rates and as phosphate results have continued to weaken, our expected tax rate for the year has risen, as a higher proportion of earnings are expected to come from Canada and Brazil, both of which are higher tax jurisdictions in the U.S. As a result, we now expect our effective tax rate for the ear to be in the mid-30% range compared to the mid-to-high 20% range we discussed last quarter. Given this, we booked a catch up accrual during the third quarter, as well as a required interim period accrual that will reverse when we close the books at year end. These two third quarter accruals totaled $39 million impacting third quarter EPS by $0.010 per share. In addition, we recorded $62 million of other operating expense, $48 million after notables, which is approximately twice what we would expect in the normal quarter. $23 million of the total adjusted expense is due to increases in legal reserves in Brazil and non-recurring re-class of prior operating costs. The higher than normal legal reserves negatively impacted our adjusted EPS by $0.02 per share at our estimated full year effective tax rate. These were not treated as notables to be consistent with past practice. Excluding these tax and other expense items, Mosaic’s adjusted EPS for the quarter would have been $0.20. The Mosaic Fertilizantes segment has realized $230 million of net synergies in its P&L through the third quarter of this year and we expect to finish the year strong. As many of the synergies flow through our cost of goods sold, ultimate realization depends on sales volumes. Based on current sales forecast for the fourth quarter, we expect to exceed our $275 million target for this year by up to $50 million, demonstrating the continued acceleration of synergy recognition on a per tonne basis quarter-over-quarter. Earlier this year, we announced the next phase of business improvement in Brazil, with a target of achieving an additional $200 million in adjusted EBITDA by 2022. This program is not simply an extension of our synergy program, but new initiatives that will build on our accomplished to-date In addition to strong execution in Brazil, the company is executing very well on the K3 development in Canada, which we believe is one of the best performing potash projects in the world. We announced a one year acceleration of the project at our Analyst Day earlier this year and now believe we can accelerate the project by an additional 12 months to 18 months, as minor assembly times have been reduced to three months compared to four months under the first acceleration, and six months in the original plan. While this acceleration will pull CapEx forward, we expect to remain below budget for the total project. Faster project execution will allow us to increase total brine management cost savings to $225 million and accelerate $75 million in operating cost reductions by more quickly migrating production from K1 and K2 to K3. This $300 million of cost savings is significant. It’s roughly equivalent to 10% of gross capital spending on the K3 project and a third of net capital spending, and helps generate an unlimited after tax IRR in excess of 25% on all accelerated capital spend. As we look to the balance of the year, we have adjusted our full year guidance to reflect results through the third quarter, as well as sales expectations and more recent pricing levels for both potash and phosphates. Based on these factors, we now see adjusted EBITDA at $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion and adjusted EPS at $0.50 to $0.60. Some of the key assumptions in our forecast include the following. First, over 50% of our phosphates and potash sales are priced, reducing our exposure to changes in market prices. Second, we expect potash sales volumes for the fourth quarter of 1.7 million to 1.9 million tonnes and gross margin per tonne of $60 to $70. Our previously announced 600,000 tonne curtailment was in response to changing near-term demand expectations and is now reflected in the sales volumes we expect for the quarter. This assumes no China and minimal India tonnes and market prices as of October 24th. For the phosphate business unit, we expect sales volumes of 2 million tonnes to 2.3 million tonnes and adjusted gross margin per tonne from negative 10 to zero, which assumes market prices as of October 24th, approximately $15 lower than third quarter averages. Mosaic Fertilizantes is expected to sell a total of 2.2 million tonnes to 2.4 million tonnes of finished product, most of which is already committed. Gross margin per tonne is expected to be in the range of $40 to $50 as we recognize the last of the higher costs related to the tailings dam [ph] regulatory changes. Lastly, we expect corporate and other to deliver $10 million to $20 million of gross margin and our equity loss from the modern joint venture to be approximately $20 million. As is our custom, we intend to initiate 2020 financial guidance on our yearend earnings call in February. As we prepare for that, we are mindful of the fact that over the past couple of years, we have adjusted guidance multiple times each year, primarily due to either strengthening or weakening market prices. With that in mind, we are evaluating alternative approaches that focus more on cost, operating targets and sensitivities, so that investors can more easily forecast results as market prices change. You will hear more about this on our yearend earnings call. But as you start to think about 2020 and what should be different compared to 2019, I would call your attention to four things which are expected to total $225 million in incremental earnings compared to 2019 before any changes in market prices. First, Mosaic will incur approximately $80 million in costs this year to manage the Fertilizantes business during dam remediation efforts. We would obviously not expect that to reoccur next year. Second $20 million in idle cost for Plant City in the first half of the year will not reoccur is that facility has now been closed and asset retirement work has begun. Third our Esterhazy K3 facility is expected to produce 1 million tonnes of potash in 2020 600,000 tonnes higher than in 2019, leading to an additional $70 million to $80 million in adjusted EBITDA. And finally, realizing a full year of run rate synergies in Brazil, together with new initiatives being executed, is expected to improve results by at least $50 million. So in total, we see a clear path to an additional $225 million in adjusted EBITDA next year before any changes in market prices. With that, I will turn the call back over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Clint. Clearly, 2019 has been a challenging year for fertilizer markets, which once again demonstrates that Mosaic is in a business that is both cyclical and subject to weather related and other short-term disruptions. To succeed in this business for the long term we know that we need to be efficient, we need to adjust quickly and we need to preserve our ability to benefit from periods of strong demand and prices. We are aggressively managing costs across the enterprise, we are managing capital effectively, we are maintaining our market discipline and we have taken necessary actions this year to adapt to the temporary challenges in the market environment. Volume leads price and volume has started moving. Product is moving to the ground in North America. In fact, it’s moving to the ground globally. We expect supply and demand will move into better balances as we move into 2020 and we expect strong fertilizer markets next year and beyond given appealing market fundamentals, Mosaic is poised to take advantage of these improving opportunities. Before I open it up for questions, I would like to note that Rick Mclellan, who has led Mosaic Fertilizantes since we began integration efforts. We will return to the U.S. to lead the commercial organization. Leadership of Mosaic Fertilizantes has been transferred to the very capable hands of Corrine Ricard. I would like to thank Rick for the remarkable work that he has led to remake the Brazil business and reach our synergy targets. Corrine has more to do and I have every confidence that she and our Brazilian team will have similar success. Now, we will take your questions. Operator
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Lucas Beaumont: Good morning guys. This is Lucas Beaumont for Chris. Could you please walk us through your stripped margin outlook for ‘20 and ‘21 all of the moving parts and what’s the best way to think about your margin outlook heading into next year, especially given the lower sulfur pricing.
Joc O’Rourke: Sorry. Good morning, Lucas, early mic problem. Welcome. I am going to hand this over to Corrine to give you some information on that, but our expectations is as the price -- as the market starts moving, that indeed prices will follow the volume. And as we move into the year, we are going to see the lag on our sulfur and ammonia plant prices catch up. And so we expect an inflection in our pricing, which really will move over better margins for next year. Let me give this to Corrine to answer.
Corrine Ricard: All right. Thanks Joc. I think it’s important to note what we have a decrease in margins today, these are largely unpublished prices based on extremely low volumes. Literally one barge is effecting price trade. So don’t really reflect the market. That being said, I think, it’s probably most productive for us to talk about what are the things that indicate an inflection in pricing that will cause a movement in the other direction and get prices moving again. Historically, those inflection points have come when you see market prices that reach the marginal costs for producers or cash costs that’s currently happening today. And you see idling as a result. We have certainly seen closures such as Mosaic plant city. But also you know, nutrient, the [inaudible] and others are taking a curtailments. You see a second cause of a major inflection is a demand resurgence and given the weather results from last year and what we believe will be a high corn crop this next year, we expect to see strong demand. We are seeing that in other markets as well now India, China. China has stabilized than Brazil. And then third, you will often see a market consolidation or a discipline in the industry, and we are seeing that with some curtailed production, as well as some consolidations that are happening in rationalization in China. So, overall, the three things that primarily drive these inflection points are happening today. And so we really do believe the bottom is in and we should see resurgence to the normal seasonal pattern of upstream in margins as we get into the spring season and see volume moving.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning everyone. So, question on the phosphate market and maybe it’s keying off of something, Corrine, you just said in your response there about market structure and you have seen this big import flow into NOLA and you are seeing these indexing of OSP and Saudi tonnage to barge prices, which can be influenced by traders. And just from a market structure perspective, I mean, just can you talk about what Mosaic can do to combat this? And then on the marginal cost, I mean, Corrine, I just want to be clear. I mean, are you actually seeing capacity closures in China? Just from a marginal cost perspective, it doesn’t seem like there’s actual supply rationalization happening amongst the major exploiters. Just a little bit more color that would be helpful. Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: I pass this to Corrine, but I will make a couple of comments. First of all, let me say, what’s going on in the NOLA market is quite disconnected from either what’s going on upcountry or what we are selling for. So it is a market manipulation play and I guess it takes two to tango, but the importers are allowing itself. That is that piece. But in terms of the upcountry market, it really isn’t what we are playing with it. A very low volume market that’s being a single barge or a couple of barges being traded to set an index price. Once real volume starts moving, that goes away very quickly as it has in the past. Corrine, do you want to talk a little more on that.
Corrine Ricard: Sure. We have seen a lot of imports come in. There’s no doubt about that and the index pricing, that Joc and all of the publications I have talked a lot about are a clear indication that there are a lot of games being played on pricing. I think it’s important to note, the only one who’s selling a lot of tons at these kinds of prices are our international competitors. Our domestic customers at this point have their inventories full. They have got a regular supply of product and our sales largely are happening out of places like our Pine Bend warehouse, rail delivered into other markets. And so while these index prices do have an impact on sentiment overall and general market trend, they don’t really reflect what we are selling at, but more what others are selling at. In terms of your China question, I would say that we are seeing closures in China. But we have talked before about the depressed economic environment that they are facing, as well as the environmental and regulatory decisions that are having an impact on those Chinese producers. We see rock production year-to-date is down 9.2% in China. Their costs are up on gypsum disposal. Their ammonia costs are up because of environmental air quality requirements. And with the currency corrections that you are seeing, their cost thresholds on average today are about $310 to $315 on an FOB basis for exports. So, we are trading today below those costs levels. And I think that, it’s absolutely going have an impact. We are seeing producers facing decisions about whether or not they will close and relocate those plants more than a couple of kilometers off the river in these economics, those are tough choices to make. We just saw an announcement by SinaChem about the closure of the fooling plant, which is about a million and a half tons of capacity. And while they may decide to relocate or reconfigure that plant, you know, those plans are more than three years away and right now what’s happening is a closure of that plant. So, yes, we are believing -- we do believe that economic factors, as well as these environmental pressures are pushing for rationalization in the phosphate industry in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jonas Oxgaard: Hi. Good morning.
Joc O’Rourke: Good morning, Jonas.
Jonas Oxgaard: Can you talk a little bit more about the expectation of volumes next year and how much pent up demand do we actually have in the soil at this point? What can we expect out of North America and China particularly?
Joc O’Rourke: Well, I think, in simple terms for North America, we are looking at a corn planting of 93 million acres next year. We are looking at soybean planting of 85 million acres, which should bode well to taking North American demand up to at least where it was in previous years and then beyond that to make up what might have been missed. And I think in both nutrients there’s been up to a million tons of missed a product going on the ground. So I think in both those cases, we should see very good demand in North America. In terms of China, we are seeing good internal demands starting and we see that sort of balancing off at 15 million tonnes of demand of phosphates internally in the domestic market. And the other one we expect is we expect good potash imports next year into China. So overall, we are expecting a big jump or a good jump in overall potash around the world up to, let’s say, an average of 67 million tonnes and probably around 69 million tonnes for phosphates around the world. So both of those are a big jump up and really should drive the inventory out of the system as it exists today. I am going to hand it over to Corrine for a few extra detailed comments.
Corrine Ricard: Sure. Thanks, Joc. Yeah. I would say that we have a real step up we expect in global shipments. Demand is solid in most all regions. We have seen a good recovery in Malaysia Indonesia with palm prices and expect to see good potash demand there. Our single point estimate you can even see in the presentations on potash, our single point estimate is more like 68 million tonnes for global shipments. But that could be as high as 69 million tonnes. And then that is up about 3 million tonnes on potash shipments for the year. And then on phosphates we have a single point estimate of about 70 million tonnes could be as high as 71 million tonnes up a couple million tonnes on phosphates as well. So good demand expectations from us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Your phosphate margins I have obviously been negative for the last few quarters. How long are you willing to let the business run kind of at that level before you want to take different actions here? It doesn’t seem like a lot of your offshore competitors are taking the same kind of downtime and pain that you have been willing to do to try to balance inventory? Thanks.
Clint Freeland: Good morning, Joel, and thank you. Look, the way we are looking at this today is we have capacity for what we believe is the demand coming up in the next year. And so, we expect that capacity to be fairly well utilized. So, we believe our Louisiana operations are basically essential to meet that new demand in 2020. And also worth noting that while our Louisiana operations, our highest cost is location on the Mississippi River is integrated ammonia operations and access to low cost high quality sulfur from the Gulf really make it pretty competitive on a delivered cost basis and make an integral part of our potash -- our phosphate portfolio. So, the other thing is, Louisiana makes a lot of our micro essential. So as we look at this going forward, we think this is a temporary seasonal thing. And we expect we are going to need that production in the near-term. In terms of how our competitors are responding I am not going to comment on their actions. I will say Mosaic though takes the approach that we always follow value rather than volume and we are matching what we think is our customers demand. And we don’t intend to go below that, but we do intend to make sure that we don’t oversupply a market that doesn’t need it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens Incorporated. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly: Thank you. Joc, early in the K3 project said that under certain conditions, it would continue to operate the old mine at reduced rates. Are you going to be keeping any of K1 and K2 on a maintenance schedule for potential use or is that going to be shut for good?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Thanks for that, Mark. Let me start off by saying the K3 project has been a real execution win for Mosaic. Our Canadian team has just found, incredible new ways to modularize the assembly of underground miners and other equipment and this is really what’s allowed us to accelerate this project. As such, what we are looking at today is a very successful project that will reach its total capacity a couple of years ahead of our original schedule. As such, we don’t see a need for the K1 and K2 mines after 2022 and the reason for that is we have capacity for milling, but we will be constrained by that milling capacity with the capacity of K3. So, it really the acceleration has changed the need for any increase or lengthening of the K1 and K2 mines.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. On Slide 20 where you gave selected items to 2020. Do you have any early thoughts on modern for 2020?
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. Yeah. So, thanks John. Yeah. Modern is a little more difficult to predict for 2020 the capacity will go up in 2020 driving their overall costs down. But really it depends on the phosphate market on how much the contribution is going to be on modern. We really don’t expect a lot of equity earnings in 2020, if any, and that’s because if you look at the sort of run rate this year, their loss will be probably in the $200 million range. So if even if you take that to a new capacity, they have got to improve their efficiencies before we are going to see any real equity earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong: Hey. Good morning. So I am just going back to the phosphates. I am trying to understand how the phosphate cost curve looks today versus pricing and maybe just focusing on DAP. We have heard about phosphate rock price cuts in China. Obviously, sulfur and ammonia prices are lower and all those are pass-throughs, but that affects that pricing. Maybe -- if you could just help quantify where you see the marginal cost curve today because it obviously moves a lot?
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Let me go back to Corrine. I mean, I think, Corrine said that the average cash cost in China today is about $315 a tonne and that’s taking into account the RMB moves, the ammonia moves sulfur and rock costs. What that means though, is that’s an average that means 50% of all Chinese production is basically underwater at these prices. I just mentioned modern and while modern will be cash positive, with their high level of debt repayments that project is not making money, which would mean their overall breakeven is more in the range of $350 plus. So if you look at it where is the marginal cost producer, I am saying the marginal cost producer is probably certainly above that $315 and $320 range and likely well up into the $400 range for a non-integrated Indian producer maybe the Mexican producers and some of the Chinese producers.
Operator: Your next question comes from PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
PJ Juvekar: Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Joc, Miski Mayo is one of your high cost mines to some extent, as phosphate sales have of slowdown. Is that a mine that you could potentially slowdown. I know you have some contractual terms there, but what can you do there and was the opportunity to lower costs?
Joc O’Rourke: PJ, let me say, Miski Mayo is probably disadvantaged on a delivered basis because of the transport obviously to Louisiana. But again, it tends to give us a good opportunity to keep Louisiana going preserve rock in Florida and if you work that out overall, it’s a pretty good asset for us. Now, what I will say there, though is, they are making, since we have taken over that joint venture, we have made great progress on reducing costs and I intend on the in the future to set some real targets there for reduce costs. So we would like to make Miski Mayo a real integral part of our overall production plans. And to do that, though, I -- we agree we need to really work hard on reducing the cost of that operation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotia Bank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson: Good morning. Thank you. I am trying to understand the difference between expected shipments and underlying demand. And I was hoping maybe Andy you can talk a little bit about in key markets where phosphate inventories or stocks are versus kind of where comfortable levels should be or have been historically?
Joc O’Rourke: I will let Corrine answer a bit of that. But I would say look, we know that North American inventories are high. We believe that in country inventories for both potash and phosphate are reasonable in India. We believe both in country inventories for phosphate and potash are below normal in China right now. So while the port inventories for potash are high in China. We believe in country inventories are actually quite low, which means that you will see the port inventories move into countries quite quickly. So, overall, across the globe, and I am sorry, in Brazil, we are seeing phosphate inventories are down a couple of percent by the year end and potash inventories up a little bit. So, overall, we don’t think the inventories are that out of whack. And what we will say here is, as well is, with low prices, people tend to deplete their inventories. And during rising prices, they tend to build up their inventories. So we believe the inventories are being depleted. So what’s going on the ground is probably exceeding what is actually being delivered in these markets right now. Corrine, do you have anything to add to that?
Corrine Ricard: Not too much to add, Joc. I think it’s a good point that there’s a natural tendency to destock when prices are falling. Nobody wants to try to figure out what that bottom price level is. And so we are seeing some destocking in some markets. Some got caught quite long with the weather changes and they are working off those inventories. And we have seen some channel stuffing by some of the -- our international competitors, putting it into traders and markets trying to position. But in country, places like China, the in-country potash inventory levels out at the NPK plants et cetera, we believe are pretty low. And so there is some real movement for tonnage to go when we see that demand volume kick back in.
Joc O’Rourke: And just let me reiterate there as well. We have people on the ground with our distribution businesses. And, clearly, in North America, Brazil, India and China, which are our major markets. So we have a pretty good handle on what’s moving in country compared to maybe some of our competitors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. So -- this is Matthew [ph] on for Steve by the way. But you talked a little bit about inventories. Clearly, North America, they are bloated. But if we are looking into 2020, really forecasting a pretty modest increase for shipments into country despite what’s been a pretty poor year for applications. So, again, is this just elevated channel inventories or why don’t you foresee a better rebound in North America applications next year?
Joc O’Rourke: I think we do expect a big -- sorry, Matthew, welcome. We do expect a big rebound in North American application. But I think you hit it on the head there. There’s a lot of channel inventory right now. Many of our customers are full. And it’s not unusual to be full going into spring. But we are full for a couple of seasons now. So that is unusual. So we expect that that inventory has to move out of the system first and then the actual shipments from those producers can start.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yeah. Hi. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how we should be forecasting your ammonia costs for the coming quarters, given that Faustina [ph] is currently shut down and how we should be thinking about that going into 2020 as well?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Michael. I will touch this and maybe Corrine might touch it a little bit as well. But here’s how our normal ammonia supply works. We buy about a third on the open market, we receive about a third with our CF contract and we make about a third with our own production. Now, clearly, our -- in terms of cost right now, the lowest cost is our own production. And then our market cost is second, and CF is in today’s market significantly higher than that. I think the CF market is in the $350 range today, with natural gas prices where they are. So what you will see with the ammonia plant down is that we will have a higher waiting of the market price, which is in the mid-200s and a higher waiting of the CF price, which is in the 350 range, and a lower waiting of our own production. So that will increase our cost above market at this stage. In 2020 -- at the start of 2020, we will have unloading or loading facilities at our dock in Louisiana, which will allow us to take the ammonia from Faustina and move it to our Florida operations, which will really give us a big cost advantage and allow us to utilize that ammonia much more effectively.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: I think what I heard earlier was your plan on starting the phosphate assets pretty much for the beginning of the year, given the demand that you are forecasting. When do you think you will bring the potash assets back online? Is there any risk to remain offline in the first quarter?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks. Thanks, Vincent. Yes. Our intentions are, at this stage, that Louisiana would probably come up year-end or early in the New Year, depending on how the fall season is going and what we see is a need there. In terms of the Colonsay and the potash, the tradeoff there will be, both will be twofold. One will be how is the potash market developing? Do we have a Chinese contract? Has that shipment started? Have the -- we have seen good increases in pricing for palm oil, do we see higher shipments into Malaysia and Indonesia from Canpotex? So if those Canpotex shipments start, that will lead us to favor bringing Colonsay up. At the same time, our K3, as we keep saying, is coming up faster than we expected. So if we can meet the need with the lower cost K3 product that will probably be where we would focus.
Operator: And the last question comes from Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Don Carson: Yes. Thank you. Just a couple of questions on potash. One, can you talk a bit about potash pricing in the domestic market? I know you raise prices post the completion of summer. Are you actually seeing any of those higher prices being realized currently? And Joc, if you could just clarify what’s the future of Colonsay once K3 is up and running, given its cost structure relative to K3 and even K1 and K2?
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks, Don. Let me take the second question, first. Look, Colonsay is a good asset in the potash markets that we had, maybe even five years ago Colonsay was a very good profitable operation. Today, with the new structure and K3 coming up, Colonsay is going to definitely be our swing plant. And as such, we wanted there to be available when we need it. But at the same time, if we can supply from Esterhazy and Del Plain [ph], we feel that’s a more economic way to supply the market needs. So it really is going to depend on how fast the market grows. I mean, current projections from CRU and stuff says that probably Colonsay will be running intermittently in the next little while rather than steadily. But more to come on that and final decisions will be made probably in the early next year. In terms of potash pricing, in the market, I think, maybe Corrine best answer that.
Corrine Ricard: Sure. We did get good participation in our summer fill program and got a lot of products sold for that time period. We even posted prices higher as we normally do after a fill program. I would say, it has been difficult to get those prices to stick. We have seen a lot of pressure from our domestic competitors who seemed to have accepted much lower prices. And we have continued to make sales. Today, Corn Belt warehouse price is in that $270, $280-ish kind of range.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Well, with that, I’d like to conclude our call. I know you have a lot of other calls today and I’d like to reiterate our key points. While 2019 has been a challenging year for North American agriculture, Mosaic has maintained its focus on the things we can really control. We have made tremendous progress. We have accelerated K3 mine again, which will lead to significant savings and a highly efficient potash operation. We have idled productions to help balance supply and demand. The transformations of our potash and phosphate businesses, as well as our corporate functions are ongoing, and they are delivering real bottomline results. And we are driving remarkable improvements in our Mosaic Fertilizantes business in Brazil. All these efforts have Mosaic positioned well to benefit from improving market conditions. We expect agricultural fundamentals to strengthen further, and we expect strong global demand and rising prices for both phosphates and potash, as we move into 2022. We are highly optimistic that business conditions will improve and the Mosaic will be there to deliver strong returns as that happens. Thank you for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Mrs. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mossaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to today’s Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. As you know, the spring planting season in North America was challenging. It was the wettest and latest season on record. In fact, we believe U.S. farmers were prevented from planting at least 10 million acres. We now have seen two consecutive application seasons negatively impacted by weather, which in turn has driven grain prices to multiple year highs and incented farmers to make sure they are prepared to take advantage of those prices in 2020. Clearly, these same events have also impacted our first half results and tempered our full-year financial outlook. Clint will give you the details to understand the factors that drove our second quarter earnings. I will focus on the actions we are taking to adopt the progress we are continuing to make across the business and our longer-term outlook. Our key points today are; first, we expect the current North American inventories to be reduced shapely through an anticipated strong fall application season and we see much stronger fundamentals for agriculture and fertilizer emerging in 2020. Second, our success in ramping up Esterhazy K3 combined with our inventory position has given us the flexibility to curtail our highest cost potash mine and focused on our lowest cost operations. This action is expected to drive potash cost even lower in the second half of 2019 and save $40 million to $50 million in cash expenditures. Third, we expect to have all our Brazilian phosphate mines running in August ahead of schedule and we are lowering the down related costs by $20 million from our previous estimate. Last, we've announced the permanent closure of our Plant City phosphates facility, which will improve our overall phosphate cost position and cash flow going forward. The transformation we have driven across our business units has increased Mosaic’s cross-cycle potential and has allowed us increase flexibility to adapt to a changing environment. The impact of our actions to increase our operating leverage is expected to coincide with improving market conditions. The North American crop, which received much less fertilizer than usual will leave fields in serious need of nutrient replenishment. At the same time, higher grain prices will provide strong incentives for farmers to plant more acres and to maximize yields next spring. Of course, North America is just one market, demand remains strong in Brazil where the farmers are seeking to maximize output in response to a favorable market conditions and as we move into their peak planting season. In India, the monsoon is picking up and the recent government decision to leave phosphates subsidies unchanged is strongly positive for the long-term demand picture. In China, phosphate demand was down, offsetting some of the strong growth elsewhere. While the slower demand originally drove exports, we're now seeing phosphate exports decline as lower prices impact phosphate producer economics. While today's lower phosphate prices are challenging in the short-term, we believe they can accelerate the restructuring of the Chinese industry. Year-end 2019 represents a milestone with investment required for many producers to maintain environmental compliance and current lower prices are likely to prevent some of those investments. It is our belief that marginal producers will cease production, as we move into 2020. The larger Chinese producers have announced a coordinated curtailment of production, which we are closely watching. Now I will turn to our execution, which is driving important benefits across the organization. I will start with Potash. Our new Esterhazy K3 mine is performing exceptionally well. We believe it will produce 400,000 tons of Potash in 2019 and we'll approach a million tons in 2020. This incremental production at Esterhazy help to facilitate the decision to temporarily idle Colonsay and allows us to begin to realize the benefits of one of the most efficient mines in the world. We continue to drive cash costs of production lower in the Potash business. In the second quarter of 2019, our cash cost of production excluding brine fell to $69 per ton and we expect cost to continue to improve as operating rates increase. With the savings related to an idle Colonsay mine, we expect these cost to fall to approximately $60 a ton in the fourth quarter. That said Colonsay will remain in a position to deliver 2.5 million tons of annual surge capacity if necessary to meet market demand. Our business in Brazil also continues to perform very well and we are seeing momentum for the second half of the year and beyond. Mosaic Fertilizantes is on track to achieve its $275 million synergy target ahead of schedule and we expect to drive significant transformational savings after we complete the deal related synergy work. In addition, we have made tremendous progress towards meeting the new mine, tailings down regulatory standard. Mosaic has completed the first phase of dam remediation at the top your mind and has restarted mining at roughly 60% capacity. The mine is expected to resume full operations by the middle of August after completing remediation activities on a second dam. The Company has also received an operating license for the B6 dam at Araxá, which is expected to allow that mine to start operations this month. Our teams in Brazil have done remarkable work to get us to this point, reducing the expected impact by $20 million for the full-year. In the phosphates business, we are continuing to exert pressure on factors that we can control. The transformation of our phosphates business is ongoing and it is driving significant operational and financial efficiency while simultaneously delivering excellent safety and environmental results. To be clear, our focus will remain on meeting the needs of our customers and maintaining our market position that will not change. External factors have impacted our results in near-term expectations and have led us to reduce our 2019 EBITDA guidance to $1.8 billion to $2 billion. However, we've retained our keen focus on execution and controlling what is within our power. Our ability to improve efficiency, lower cost and optimize assets has created significant operating leverage in our business. Our outlook for the second half remain strong and we continue to expect broad strengths in our markets and our business in 2020 and the years ahead. Now I'm going to turn it over to Clint to provide further detail.
Clint Freeland: Thank you, Joc, and good morning, everyone. As noted earlier, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS for the second quarter totaled $349 million and $0.12 per share respectively. As solid results at the Potash and Fertilizantes business units were offset by a difficult quarter in phosphates. Potash adjusted EBITDA totaled $254 million for the quarter, up 27% from $199 million last year as a modest reduction in sales volume resulting from the week spring fertilizer application season in North America was more than offset by much stronger margins. Mosaic Fertilizantes adjusted EBITDA totaled $38 million during the quarter compared to $60 million for the second quarter of 2018, results this year include $36 million in non-recurring costs to supplement rock and finished goods supply as our team work to bring our Brazilian mine tailings dams into compliance with the new regulatory standard. Except for that, adjusted EBITDA would have been $74 million, up 23%. The Phosphate segment generated adjusted EBITDA of $74 million during the quarter, compared to $251 million in the same quarter last year as sales prices, sales volume, and mix idle costs and raw material costs, all pressured results. Additionally, equity earnings associated with our investment in modern, flow through the Phosphate segment and for the quarter we're loss of $11 million. Well, the segments cash gross margin before DD&A and accretion was a positive $47 per ton, reported adjusted gross margin per ton for the quarter was negative $5. Considerably lower than expected as a number of dynamics came together to impact results. As a result of week spring demand and a high level of imports trapped in the lower Mississippi river, market prices remained under pressure and the seasonal price improvement we typically see in the second quarter did not materialize. Additionally, while the Midwest warehouse premium in North America remained high, we didn't capture as much of that as anticipated as North American sales, including MicroEssentials products where 350,000 to 400,000 tons lower than expected. Lower market prices along with the change in the mix of sales during the quarter and lower than expected production in sale volumes impacted margins by $45 per ton. The volume and mix shift includes the impact of redirecting approximately 150,000 incremental tons of fertilizer to our international distribution businesses, primarily Brazil, and these intercompany international sales had lower margins than in North America. In addition, with overall production volumes below expectations as a result of the opportunistic extension of two plan maintenance outages, we saw higher conversion cost per ton and slower declines in raw material costs during the period. These factors taken together led to the quarters results. However, it's important to note that the volume and mix impacts in the second quarter gross margin are transitory and are not expected to impact third quarter results. Additionally, as sales accelerate in the third quarter, we expect approximately $12 per ton in raw material cost improvement relative to the second quarter. Offsetting a portion of these benefits is a decline in average selling prices compared to last quarter reflecting recent market pricing levels. Third quarter gross margin per ton expectations for the Potash business reflect the $25 per ton discount offered to customers as part of our North American summer fill program, as well as expenses associated with schedule turnaround activity during the period. And while we expect to realize significant cash savings from the idling of our Colonsay facility as Joc mentioned earlier. We expect only a small portion of that to impact the Company's third quarter earnings as we sell down existing inventory at the facility. Margin benefits from migrating production to our lower cost K3 facility should be more significant in the fourth quarter of this year and into 2020. Finally, our margin guidance for Mosaic Fertilizantes reflects the higher cost associated with purchased rock and finished product as part of our dam remediation activities. However, as mentioned earlier, we expect these to be transistorizes operations return to normal. As we look out to the balance of the year, our expectations are for a robust fall application season given depleted soil nutrients in North America and higher grain prices benefiting farmer economics. Outside of North America, we expect to see continued strong demand, particularly in Brazil. We're farmer economics remains solid. As a result, we see total second half volumes for potash in a range of 4.7 million to 5.1 million tons, which would equal or break Mosaic’s previous records second half sales levels. Phosphate shipments in the second half are expected to be 4.4 million to 4.8 million tons, the highest level since idling of Plant City. In addition to these strong sales volumes, we expect inventories in North America to be substantially drawn down. One of the key things to watch as we get into the fall is the length of the application window in North America given the late spring planting and resulting later harvest. In Brazil, we continue to expect Fertilizantes to deliver full-year sales volumes of 9.4 million to 9.8 million tons, reflecting continued market strength in our successful remediation of the issues created by the regulatory driven closures of our Brazilian mines. With this strong demand is backdrop in both North America and Brazil keeping in mind existing inventory levels, we would expect market prices to remain stable if not improved somewhat over the balance of the year. So taking first half results into account and our expectations for the balance of the year, we've updated our adjusted EBITDA guidance range to $1.8 billion to $2 billion and earnings per share range to $1.10 to $1.50. In addition to the volume assumptions outlined earlier, there are a number of factors that are incorporated into our forecast, including first, from a pricing standpoint, the low end of our guidance range assumes market pricing at the beginning of the third quarter for all remaining unpriced tons this year. While the top end of the range reflects an average price increase of $25 per ton across both phosphates and potash. Next, we expect raw material costs to improve, as noted earlier, as we realize the benefits from recent market price declines. Next as Joc mentioned, we now expect our minds in Brazil to be back to full operation this month, reducing the total cost of managing through the dam issue this year from our original estimate of $100 million to $80 million. With modern slowly ramping up production the weaker phosphate pricing environment coupled with the projects interest costs are now expected to result in equity earnings to Mosaic of approximately negative $50 million for the year. And finally, expectations of cash taxes have declined from $75 million to $50 million. Our effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to remain in the mid-to-high 20% range. The biggest impact of our effective rate is earnings mix. So that remains the item to watch going forward. Turning into our CapEx plans for the year, we've reduced our 2019 sustaining capital program by $80 million to $640 million in light of market conditions. We are however, continuing to invest in modest high return opportunities like the modifications to our dock in Louisiana that will allow us to use more of our own internally produced ammonia in our Florida operations. Generating an unlevered after tax return of over 40% and payback of right at two years. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Joc for his closing comments.
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Clint. There was no question the market conditions have been difficult for the first half of this year. And that the impact on the full-year will be real. We have solid strategic momentum; markets notwithstanding; we have improved our cost base and our operating efficiency; we have successfully integrated and transformed a compelling acquisition in the world's most promising agricultural market. We are just beginning to realize the very long-term benefit of the new Esterhazy K3 potash mine and we are performing at a very high level across the organization. We expect the current supply and demand situation will come into balance and as it does Mosaic will remain in excellent position to benefit. Now we will take your questions 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Stephen Byrne.
Stephen Byrne: Yes. As to whether you're seeing a behavior change down in Brazil with the improving corn market. Are you seeing expectations of maybe a bigger second corn crop? Any increased buying patterns on fertilizer earlier than normal or a little more aggressive on volume?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Steve. Welcome. Well, I'll hand this to Rick. We have the privilege of having Rick McLellan here in the room today and he manages our Brazil business. But I can tell you, I think the motive in Brazil to take advantage of some of the issues, higher corn pricing and some of the trade issues that are now occurring. We expect we will be very positive for Brazil. Rick, do you want to talk about the season coming up?
Richard McLellan: Yes. Good morning, Steve. So the season coming up, if we look across the main crops, if you look at corn, soybeans, cotton and citrus farmer returns are very, very good. And so we see a really good sales book on now for our distribution business and we expect a very good main application period. Your question was about safrina the second crop. And yes, we've seen farmers in the last two to three weeks step in and start to buy their fertilizer for the second crop corn. And that's a very positive indicator, but it also tells you that there is a market there for that corn and the farmers were reacting and the market is working.
James O'Rourke: And let me just remind you that we're going to be bringing back Tapira and Araxá just in time for the big season coming up. So we think our B2B business is going to be in very good shape as well to take advantage.
Stephen Byrne: And how do you look at the growth potential for Fertilizantes down there? You have 14 blending facilities. Would you prioritize expanding that particularly as more rails get constructed in Brazil or could you envision a diversification of the product offering at these facilities such as, moving in the more distribution of other products, crop chemicals, seed treatments, et cetera?
James O'Rourke: Thanks. I think both of those are really good opportunities for us. First one, expanding our distribution platform itself and capturing a bigger piece of that overall market is a really good opportunity for us. But obviously expanding and using those platforms for other commodities is another growth opportunity. We got into Brazil on the basis. We believe it's one of the best agricultural regions in the world growing at a great rate and we fully think we're a first-mover in there and we're going to take advantage of that first-mover advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Joc, maybe I could just ask you how you're thinking about sort of the bridge from 2019 to 2020 in terms of volume. And I guess what I'm asking is, obviously we saw reduced usage in the U.S. this year and maybe in Europe as well. So are you thinking we get that back and then you get normal growth on top of what should have been the underlying demand growth this year? Or have we rebased 2019 volume or shipments and we'll just get normal growth off of that?
James O'Rourke: Thanks Vincent. I'll start this and hand it over to our more of our market analysis people. But I think everyone understands that we had an unprecedented on North American spring, but that's behind us today. And what's it left? It's left to prevent planting up to 10 million acres, so we expect coming out of the season a stock to use ratios, maybe as low as 10%. Well that's going to really push grain prices and really going to push planting intentions up for the spring. So our expectation is we're going to have a big spring in North America and we fully expect big volumes coming out in 2020. So if we bridge from 2019 to 2020, we expect to have a much higher acreage or higher acreage and we expect to have higher application to support that and then the rest of the world will follow. Anything from you, Karen or Andy?
Andy Jung: I think just from a specificity standpoint, we won't make up all of the tons that didn't go down last year or in 2019. We'll make up some of them. But we'll just return to a more broad-based linear demand growth pattern in 2020 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts.
John Roberts: Thank you. How should we think about the Fertilizantes earning split between the third and fourth quarter? The third quarters, I think normally seasonally bigger, but you still have – you don't have your full capabilities back in the third quarter. So should we think about earnings being roughly equal between third and fourth quarter Fertilizantes rather than the normal seasonality?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, John. Look, the split between the third and fourth quarter, as you said, normally we would expect them to be just as last year, which is a third quarter, slightly bigger than the fourth. But I think this year, we have still another somewhere around $40 million of raw material pricing for rock and whatnot that we had to import for the dams. So overall, volumes are going to be up. But we're going to still be absorbing a little bit of the dam cost for another quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard.
Jonas Oxgaard: Good morning, guys. A question in the first quarter, both you and your big African competitor shutdown some capacity in phosphate. Just the market didn't seem to need it. In Q2 that it didn't seem that anyone did and I haven't turned any announcements that's happening in Q3 either, yet pricing is continuing to be weak. Can you talk a little bit about the strategic backdrop of why not taking out a just in Q2 and how you think about it going forward?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jonas. Let me hand this to Corrine in a second here. But I'll just let me give you the high level. Obviously, we did take capacity out in Q1 and into Q2, which you see in our sales results. And as such, our inventory build probably isn't as big as some of the others and also means that we want to be ready for – what comes up in a big third and fourth quarter. So we think for ourselves at least in our market position, those tons are needed. We don't believe that the demand picture is a long-term demand issue. It was a short-term thing driven by a bad U.S. spring.
Corrine Ricard: Yes. Well, I would add Jonas that the logistics complications that we faced during spring season have been – were significant and Mosaic's operating rate was maintained with lots of real shipment and shipment to upcountry warehouses that was difficult for others to replicate based on barge positions. I think we have some of the same risks in a very large fall season, that getting product up into the markets that need it for fall are going to require rail loading, and the kind of logistical capability that Mosaic is going to have. And so I think we'll be operating at full rates for the very large fall season that we anticipate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Wong.
Andrew Wong: Hi, good morning. So maybe just following on that a little bit more on phosphates. I think it's fair to say that the prices in the market has been weaker this year than expected. So maybe just first, can you talk about what's kind of been the main factors driving that weakness? Is it supply? Is it demand? Maybe go through some of the various supply and demand situations in the main regions like China, India, Brazil, we know about U.S. obviously. And then just secondly, like when do you expect prices to maybe, start seeing a little bit of a bottom and in a rebound and what are some of the catalysts that we can watch for ahead of that? Thanks.
James O'Rourke: Okay. That's a bit of a doozy, Andrew. I'll get through it and I'll get Karen to help me here. But let me at a high level say, look, we've had 10 years of relatively linear growth in our phosphate markets. And for the first time, I think in – probably half a dozen years, the issue with the supply and demand has been about demand and it really is predicated on mostly on a U.S. bad spring, somewhat on a lowering Chinese demand. But really other than that, pretty much a normal linear growth for the demand for phosphates. So what that's meant is the equivalent of probably about a new mine coming on all of the sudden. New production is not great. It's only about 1 million tons this year I believe. And so if not for this displacement of the U.S. spring, I think the market would have continued to be a quite balance and we do expect it to rebound as early as this fall and into the spring. Karen, do you want to add any detail to that?
Karen Swager: In terms of what happened this spring. I think Joc has covered it. We had a fall four season and then we had a disappointing spring season, probably about 800,000 tons of demand was loss. At the same time though we had 1 million tons more imports into the U.S. and so that really exacerbated the problem along with the flooding along the river. So these tons were trapped in the lower Mississippi and traders started liquidating those positions very aggressively when they couldn't get tons up in country in time for spring season. And so that really caused on very small amounts of trade prices to drop quickly. But that fundamental demand issue is really going to be largely overcome as Andy noted with what we think will be a large fall season and going into 2020. And so when we see prices turning, we'll work through the inventory levels that have been carried out at the end of the spring season and we should see things tightening up as we get into 2020.
James O'Rourke: Yes. If I can just add, I mean we were hearing numbers of a corn plant of maybe 95 plus million acres next spring. If we're going to have that level of planting, it'll suck up the inventory very quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. So a couple of questions continuing in phosphates, first, on the – as we think about the price declines that we've seen year-to-date. I think talking about Russian and Moroccan tons are though just been cargoes that have been going on priced into NOLA and into Brazil had been an important contributing factor? Can you talk about just market structure? It just any visibility that distribution patterns can change here, it seems like some of those cargoes are being pretty disruptive to the market. And then secondly, can you talk about the cost curve a little bit? It just with the magnitude of the price declines we've senior day and even with sulfur having come down, the fact that the Chinese kind a kept producing up until quite recently and even then the cuts mean to be seen, but just kind of how your view of the cost curve is evolved as the years progressed? Thank you. 
James O'Rourke: Okay. Thanks, Adam. Let me say, yes, first of all, the cargos from some of our competitors that kept coming into NOLA. I suppose some of that might be a misunderstanding or a missed prediction of what the spring would do, but there's no question these unpriced tons that are just shipped into these markets are pretty disruptive. And I think that's kind of the nature of that beast. So it really will take the tightening of the market to reverse that. But hopefully the tightening will come soon and that's good. In terms of the cost curve, we don't have – I don't think we have a good cost curve in this business, but let me give you a couple of benchmarks, so I can kind of touch on. First of all, our main North American competitor reported a couple of weeks back or a week ago. They had in their Phosphate business cash margin of zero. The Chinese players are calculations; they have negative cash margins right now. At least on modern two, I think Clint mentioned our equity earnings will be negative to about $50 million this year. I don't have information on the North Africans or the Russians, but clearly a big chunk of the cost curve is either breaking even or losing money in this market. So that really tells you that the pressure upwards on price is not far away.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly.
Joan Tong: Good morning.
James O'Rourke: Hello.
Joan Tong: Good morning. This is actually Joan Tong on for Mark Connelly. How are you guys doing? A question on Potash, obviously pretty strong results and performance there? I'm just wondering, given the outlook on potash, how long you're going to idle, the Colonsay mine, do you have an estimate there?
James O'Rourke: Sure, Joan. We didn't really give a time frame on what we would idle Colonsay from. Clearly it's a temporary idling and it's really more than anything, let's call it a cash preservation opportunity. Esterhazy K3 is ramping up very successfully, which will give us incremental tons. We had some inventory and so we felt with existing predictions we would make this year without needing any incremental tons from Colonsay. Now that could change if the markets in the fall are better than we think. Colonsay may come up earlier, but we had planned somewhere around the end of the year being kind of our target for where we felt comfortable that with plants today that plant could be shutdown. But let me highlight, Colonsay is a 2 million ton, $100 a ton cash cost producer, and at 2 million tons it would be much better than that. We've been running at less than capacity. So that represents an incredible level of flexibility in the surge that we have available for us in a better market.
Joan Tong: That's great. Thank you. And then just looking at our questions on China, and what are you seeing in China in terms of grain demand? Just want to understand, like the African swine flu, obviously there are a lot of different view about how it's going to affect the grain demand, but we haven't seen grain demand falling off the cliff. And just wondering what you're seeing there. And also for China, E10 program, how realistic they are really going to move forward with that? Thank you.
James O'Rourke: Let me leave that one straight over to Karen and Andy.
Andy Jung: All right. So what we've seen on a grain demand standpoint in China is, like you said, it hasn't fallen off a cliff and we wouldn't expect it to. I mean, there's still a lot of people and those people still demand food. What we have seen is some switching, so a big increase in animal protein imports for the month of June both beef and pork imports were up about 60% year-over-year. So well we might see some switching out or product mix changes there, we don't expect that to be particularly meaningful to the global S&D in total. And then from a E10 program, I think it’s been relatively slow to be adopted, but it appears that they're continuing down that road. It just might take a little bit longer time horizon and one may have hoped for in the past.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Parkinson.
Christopher Parkinson: Thank you. So there's been a lot of movement in ammonia and sulfur prices for North American producers over the past few quarters, but there's obviously going to be a delay in the realization of lower inputs. Can you just comment on your outlook for strip margins for the balance of the year just the cadence of realizing those benefits? And then just any quick update on your longer-term efforts to further reduce rock costs will be incredibly helpful. Thank you.
Clint Freeland: Okay. Thanks Chris. Let me start with both the price of ammonia in the market and the price of sulfur in the market have come down significantly. One of the challenges for us today is with the market being slower, it takes longer for that raw material to move through our product into goods for sale, and then finally into our sales and cost of goods. So that takes time. At the best of time, we figure that takes at least six weeks for ammonia and probably more like three months for sulfur. In this case, it's probably three months plus for both of them. So you've got to take a quite a while. If we look just at next month's prices or sorry, next quarters prices that we have seen today, I think we're expecting to be down in the range of $20 to $25 a ton just on flow through of these cost of goods. But that's going to take some time and that's going to take when the consumption comes through. So overall, we expect stripping margins to improve because of raw materials. But luckily that won't – likely, that won't come till the end of the third quarter or even into the fourth quarter before we see the meaningful drop translated into cost of goods.
Operator: Your next question comes from Duffy Fischer.
Patrick Fischer: Yes. Good morning. Two questions about – or two subjects on your shutdowns. So one, I thought I heard you say that the Plant City shutdown helps your cash flow, but because it's been idled for over a year that that struck me as strange. So can you just walk through how shutting down Plant City both impacts your P&L going forward? And then what are the shutdown costs? How would it affect the cash flow? And in just on Colonsay, say, you said you'd been running under the 2 million, what is the LTM production for Colonsay and when was that shutdown affected?
James O'Rourke: Okay. Let me start with Plant City. I think the issue there as we've been holding Plant City while not in hot ready. We've been holding it in a ready mode and we've continued to have it ready to be brought up if required. The decision to finally move it into shutdown mode does two things. One, it reduces and stops those costs, obviously from a non-cash perspective at the stops, the depreciation because the depreciation was moved into a write-down. And then while we will have ARO costs or asset retirement costs, those will be not P&L based costs. So hopefully that helps on that one. And I'll hand it to Clint to give you maybe more detail on that. And then Colonsay P&L, an effective date – effective date I think is early September – mid August and then the P&L impact, I got a separate P&L impact. It's going to depend on one things are sold, but we do know it will be about a $50 million cash savings. Clint, do you want to…?
Clint Freeland: Sure. Hi, Duffy, this is Clint. So on Plant City, as that facility has been kept an idle status, the total idle cost associated with that has been about $50 million a year, about half of that is depreciation, half of that is cash. Now that it has been formerly closed and now we're going into ARO work that $50 million running through the P&L will be reduced to about $10 million, again about half of that on depreciation, about half of that in cash. So certainly it will be beneficial to the P&L. As we go into ARO work, I think what we've said historically is that that would be roughly an average of, call it $20 million a year over the first five years. So I think from a cash standpoint, you're probably fairly flat from a P&L standpoint, you will see an improvement. And then back to Colonsay, again I think you need to separate cash versus P&L impact. I think as we've talked about a little bit earlier, we will continue to sell down the inventory at that facility. And so while we do expect to see, call it $40 million to $50 million in cash benefit this year as it relates to the P&L in the flow through of costs. In the near-term, we only think that there will be about a $5 million P&L benefit. However, as that inventory is fully sold and then we switched to selling the inventory coming out of K3, that $40 million to $50 million cash benefit will now P&L benefit. But that'll be – a little bit more delayed.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Your ammonia costs came down a tiny bit. I think there were $337 a ton. I think you've been buying in January. You were buying ammonia, $285 a ton in the last couple of months have been $215. Is there something unusual as to why your ammonia costs are so high and they're coming down so slowly? I realized the volumes are a little bit light, but there's something more than that?
James O'Rourke: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. I'll give the simple answer and hand it to either Corrine or Clint too. I think what you've got to take into account there is our CF ammonia contract is as fixed volume and basically think of it as a fixed price contract probably today in that $320 range. So as the production goes down and ammonia consumption goes down, the ratio of CF contract ammonia goes up. So actually it can dampen the price declined by quite a bit. We do expect that to go to more normal one-third, one-third, one-third where we've been, but I think last quarter we were something like 40% some of CF ammonia, which makes our cost structure a little – a little higher than it would have been on just market. Clint or Karen?
Clint Freeland: Yes. The one thing I would add to that, Jeff, and I think I alluded to it in my comments a little bit earlier. Is that one of the things that we're trying to do to improve that blended cost for ammonia is to be able to use more of our internally produced ammonia out of Louisiana. And so one of the things that we're doing is we're making a modest investment, in a dock in the Louisiana that will allow us to transport more of that ammonia from Louisiana to Florida to use in our operations. That again, should, allow us to bring down that average cost because that is the lowest cost source that we have. And we would expect that project to be done by the end of this year. So we should start to see benefits from that in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jackson.
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning, everyone. I want to talk a little bit about the bear case or the - sort of low end of your guidance range for the year. So, if I understand you've assumed flat pricing and P&K for all on price times going on for rest of the year. And I wonder why that is the low end of the range since you know, the price trends in both those commodities to not reverse had been falling for some months. So maybe what's different now where you're expecting prices to rebound? You speak about Chinese production discipline, but those are some statements made some weeks ago. We haven't seen anything really prevail yet. So maybe just a little commentary on what gives you conviction that now is the time for both commodities to rebound.
James O'Rourke: Well, let me give you two things unnecessarily. Prices move up, which is our expectation. First of all, your mix will change if you think about it first half the year more focused on Asia, less on U.S. for potash as an example, while potash and phosphates probably, but potash in particular, now we're going to have a big North American fall and Brazil coming into season, those are premium grades or whatever blend grade, potash would sales for a higher price in phosphates. We've just said a 10 million new acres – our 10 million acres not planters. So we expect the farmer to really be pushing for higher acreage and that will mean higher volumes, which really drives a positive price pressure for. So we, I felt that was a reasonable level between the bear case and the bold case. And we were transparent about what the assumptions we used.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson.
Ben Isaacson: Good morning. Thank you. Two questions. First one is on your unallocated capital, which on your slide deck shows $300 million to $500 million down from$400 million pm to $500 million, down from 400- 700. And that's supposed to be weighted in the back half of the year. So here we are and maybe you can kind of run through how you're thinking about, um, using that capital. Clint or Joc among balance sheet buybacks, you've obviously doubled the dividend. Is there room for further increase there? Second question is on Plant City. Can you talk about the alternative uses that you're evaluating? What are they timing, CapEx, et cetera? Thank you. 
James O'Rourke: Well, let me answer the first ones – second one, first Ben. No, I can't really talk about the alternative uses because we are in negotiation with other parties for what we might do with that. CapEx there would not be anything for us. It would be something for somebody else. The idea would be that rather than turning down the plant, we would actually repurpose the plant and they're active negotiations there. In terms of unallocated capital, I think I'll just hand that straight over to Clint to give you a little background.
Clint Freeland: Hi, Ben. I don't think our thinking on that really has changed. I think as we look out to the balance of the year and even into 2020. I think we are going to look to, certainly continued to look at different investments we're going to take into consideration where share prices and look to be sure that we're allocating capital to the highest risk adjusted opportunities that are available. I think our balance sheet is in a pretty good spot as we've spoken about before. So I think we can look at those other two alternatives. With that said, we have said that we want to have the cash on our balance sheet and available before we actually allocate it. So at this point, I would say that we're not there yet, but when we are there, those are the things that we would be looking at.
Operator: Your next question comes from PJ Juvekar.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So we've seen numbers that P&K application could be down as much as 6% this year. Do you agree with that? And how much do you think it can bounce back next year? Or could it be more than 6%? And then secondly on China DAP exports, I think they were up about 10% in the first half. Where do you see them going especially with the weaker yuan? Thank you.
James O'Rourke: Thanks PJ. Let me touch on those and then I'll hand them over to Karen again. Certainly, P&K applications were down. If it's 10 million acres, that's certainly down at least 6%, probably closer to 10% in terms of application. So we do expect a bounce back, but I guess if you took the normal 95 million acres instead of 91 or 92, that would represent about a 3% to 5% bounce back. So while there's been a loss, we expect to say half of that to come back in the spring. In terms of China exports, we're seeing those quickly come down. I think we’re about 1 million tons ahead of last year at the start and now in two months, we're down to where we're maybe 100,000 over. Anything you can add to that Karen?
Karen Swager: No, I think that's right, Joc. We started the year at those higher margin levels. They were exporting a little more aggressively. They certainly started decreasing that pace of those exports in May and we saw further reduction in the pace of those exports in June. With the weaker currency, it does help a little bit in terms of their margins, but they are still down very close to their cash, what we believe our cash costs. And so we expect that we'll see a continued decrease in the pace of those exports and we still do expect to see a lower number when the year ends from the prior year.
James O'Rourke: And recognized the weaker currency does help their cash cost slightly, but it also incense them to grow more in country, which should incent in country demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Piken.
Michael Piken: Hi. I wondered if you guys just provide an update, you guys mentioned that you actually lose about $15 million from ammonia. Just your thoughts as we move into 2020 and how much of that was markets conditions versus anything associated with logistics and ramp up?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Michael. Look, I think in terms of modern, I believe the forecast this year is to be running somewhere in that 2 million to 2.5 million ton mark from modern, and those are questions better ask of them obviously than us. But I think with that lower volume that they're making this year, their cash margins or their margins will be a little more pressured as they ramp up. But obviously, the market is the other factor, I mean, and the low ammonia price means their normal advantage in ammonia is much less than it would be under a more normalized market conditions. Let me go back to a question from Chris Parkinson. I think we missed your rock cost question Chris. So in the interest of helping out, let me, so rock costs are – we component those between, a couple of things. We have the idling – idle costs of the South Pasture mine, which for now is down. We've had a number of turnarounds that we've done, which have impacted the near-term rock hustles will come down. And the other thing is when we're using less, the ratio of Miski Mayo comes down or comes up and that tends to add to our overall consumed rock costs. Our 2021 targets that we set in the spring and talked about in the spring have not changed. And you'll see an improvement in those rock costs as we move into the second half of the year. Operator, are there any more questions?
Operator: There are no more questions.
James O'Rourke: Okay. If there are no more questions, I want to conclude our call. And let me emphasize a couple of key points. First, we are executing very well. We have transformed our cost structures and operating efficiencies in each of our business units and that work is delivering meaningful benefits regardless of the markets. Mosaic today is stronger and more resilient than any time in our history. Secondly, we're making major progress on key initiatives. Our Brazilian mines will be back and full of operations this month and our new K3 mine at Esterhazy is ramping up as expected and that has given us extremely good flexibility in our Potash business. Finally, we expect much stronger market fundamentals to immersion as we move into 2020 and we expect Mosaic and its shareholders to benefit from our work to strengthen the Company as markets improve. Thank you for joining our call today and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining on today's call. At this time, you may disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Mary and I'll be your conference operator for today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to avoid any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I will now turn to the call over to Laura Gagnon. Ma'am maybe begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O’Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mossaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release, performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Laura, and good morning to you all. Mosaic delivered another solid quarter despite significantly lower phosphate prices and operating rates driven by weather conditions in North America as well as regulatory changes in Brazil. Despite the challenging conditions, we continue to execute at a very high level across the company, which is reflected in well-controlled operating costs and continued increases in synergy realization at Mosaic Fertilizantes. Our results demonstrate the economic value of the much more efficient business that we have created. Before we get into the results for the quarter, I would like to provide you with an update on the situation in Brazil, where the new regulation governing mine tailings dam is having an impact on our operations. Since the Vale dam failure, Brumadinho, in January we have been working with our external consultants and the Brazilian regulators to ensure our own dams remain safe to operate and meet the newly implemented standards. In March, we recognized that our dam at Araxa did not meet the new requirement and idled that mine. In-mid April we were unable to complete geo technical assessments at an additional three dams resulting in the idling of our Tapira and Catalao mines. Now that the assessments are complete, we have a much better understanding of the timing and implications related to idling of these mines. At Catalao we expect to be fully operational in the second quarter. At Tapira, we expect to return to full operation in the third quarter. At Araxa, we are on track to begin operations in the third quarter. While these mines are idled, we expect to meet our Brazilian customers fertilizer needs with a combination of existing rock and production inventory in Brazil, rock from our mine in Peru and MAP from Florida. For the year we expect to incur higher rock costs from importing rock from our Peru mine primarily from higher transportation costs and additional cost from under utilization at the mines and chemical plants. Combined we expect these incremental costs could total up to $100 million. We are continuing to look for ways to further mitigate these higher costs. We also expect some positive offsets, for example, higher operating rates at our lower cost Florida assets should lead to stronger margins. We anticipate the work to bring all dams into compliance and remediate the remaining upstream list will be accomplished within our existing capital budget over the next three years. Our ability to use Miski Mayo rock in our global production demonstrates the strategic and risk management benefits of owning three quarters of this mine. In addition, we expect that these incremental shipments may allow the mine to operate at higher rates, driving lower cost per tonne. Shipping MAP from Florida to Brazil will allow us to consume built-up us inventory more quickly. Going into North American spring season both Mosaic’s and channel inventories were high due to the weak 2018 fall application season and the late and wet 2019 spring. Reducing our own inventories while the spring season is depleting channel inventories should result in a tightening of supply. To summarize our efforts related to dams in Brazil. We have a well defined plan to resolve the issue. We are taking action and making good progress towards resolution. We are meeting our customer needs and we'll continue to do so reflecting the benefit of our global asset footprint and combination of distribution and production. And finally, we believe that in the end Mosaic will have a lower risk profile and remain in an excellent position to serve resilient agricultural markets for generations to come. Now let's move on to the quarter results. We provided substantial updates on our progress at our Analyst Day at the end of March. So, we will keep our remarks brief. For the quarter, Mosaic reported earnings of $131 million, up from $42 million last year, both on revenues of $1.9 billion. The company generated $430 million of adjusted EBITDA compared to $399 million of adjusted EBITDA a year ago and adjusted earnings per share of $0.25 compared with $0.20 a year ago. The improvement in operating margin despite a lower phosphate stripping margin and the impact of curtailments reflects the underlying improvements we've made in our cost structure. Based on our actual results for the first quarter and our outlook, we are revising our full year EBITDA guidance to $2 billion to $2.3 billion from $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. This reflects the impact of the regulation change in Brazil, but also acknowledges the impact of higher Canadian resource taxes and slower phosphate pricing recovery than originally anticipated. Moving on to the business environment, markets for our two nutrients diverged during the first quarter. As I said earlier, phosphate prices fell primarily as a result of high carryover inventories in North America and high and early seasonal imports into New Orleans. In addition, Chinese exports in the first quarter increased by over 0.5 million tonnes from a year ago adding to global market length while lower raw material prices helped, market stripping margins still declined over 20% year-over-year. North American demand began to emerge at the quarters end and prices have stabilized. In fact, prices have actually increased for product that is upcountry in the U.S. where high Mississippi River water levels have created logistic challenges. Mosaic has a strong geographic competitive advantage in the U.S. over importers. At the end of the quarter, over 40% of our phosphate inventory was in upcountry facility of St. Louis in Mosaic’s or our customers warehouses, which gives us the ability to get product where it needs to be regardless of river shipping conditions. This also highlights why we recently purchased a very large distribution facility called Pine Bend near the north end of the Mississippi River in Minnesota. The facility significantly improves our ability to serve Midwest customers and reduces our logistics risks. In addition, we're finally seeing seasonal demand in China emerge which is focusing Chinese production on domestic demand. On the other side of the world fertilizer demand in Brazil is running ahead of last year with very strong shipment growth in both phosphates and potash. In contrast to the phosphate market potash was much less impacted by the logistic challenges in the Mississippi River region. And the potash supply and demand picture remained balanced during the quarter with prices holding relatively flat. Our curtailments in the quarter were driven by logistics issues internationally and full warehouses domestically. Those issues are now resolved and we expect inventory to flow out in the second quarter with much less logistical friction. In addition, we continue to expect constructive market fundamentals for potash through at least 2020. We acknowledged that there are risks to our outlook including whether such as the El Nino related drought that may impact potash demand in Southeast Asia and palm oil demand uncertainty, in phosphates the Chinese supply and demand picture continues to search for a new normal. The continued strength of demand in our markets combined with our strong execution gives us confidence that we can weather the short-term challenges and come out even stronger in the end. Now Clint will discuss the segments in more detail including our expectations for the second quarter. Flint?
Clint Freeland: Thanks Joc. Good morning everyone. I'll start by reiterating Joc's message regarding the first quarter. Our business performed well as a result of excellent execution across the business units, and we delivered results in line with our expectations despite the weather and regulatory factors Joc discussed. Our Potash business generated another strong quarter with shipments in gross margin per tonne coming at the high end of our expectations. Our cash costs of managing brine inflow declined to $28 million in the quarter and overall costs remained well controlled. We curtailed production at our Canadian mines during the quarter due to high inventory levels at the plants, which resulted from severe winter weather and slow rail service. As a result, our operating rate declined to 86%, which not only let us to recording approximately $11 million in idle plant costs during the first quarter, but also having higher cost production roll into inventory, which will be realized during the second quarter. Last year, we changed our revenue recognition policy and there's now a longer lag between Canpotex shipment and revenue recognition. Fewer tonnes leaving the mines in the first quarter will negatively impact Canpotex volumes, but we expect this to be offset by strong domestic sales during the quarter. With these dynamics in mind, our expectations for the second quarter are for sales volumes of 2.3 million to 2.6 million tonnes and adjusted gross margin per tonne in the range of $70 to $80. As previously disclosed, we expect our cost of doing business in Canada to increase from where they have been in the past. As a result of higher taxes, we expect the Saskatchewan resource tax increase to raise our cost of goods sold by approximately $35 million in 2019 and by roughly $50 million per year thereafter. Our phosphates results for the quarter reflected the deeper-than-usual seasonal price reductions and a continued delay in price recovery. While we recognize sales of 1.8 million tonnes, which was near the top end of our guidance range, we ended the quarter with over 1.3 million tonnes of finished product inventory. We expect to liquidate this inventory as we meet our North American and Brazilian customer needs, which should allow us to maintain high operating rates and low conversion costs. We earned adjusted gross margin per tonne of $36 during the first quarter, slightly below our expectations due to lower market prices and the impact of higher cost associated with the accelerated maintenance work done in the quarter. We announced this shift to curtail production by 300,000 tonnes during the quarter because of temporary market conditions. Similar to the fourth quarter of last year, rock costs during the period were somewhat elevated as we transition to new mining areas. This is short-term, however and does not change any of the longer term targets that we outlined at our Analyst Day. Cash conversion costs continue to be well managed. During the second quarter, we expect to sell 2.3 to 2.6 million tonnes of finished product reflecting strong North American and Brazilian seasonal demand. Our gross margin per tonne expectation is $40 to $50 and includes the impact of the higher rock cost I mentioned running through inventory. Recent ammonia and sulfur price declines are expected to flow through cost of goods sold likely in the third quarter. Our MicroEssentials products continued to perform well during the quarter with gross margin premiums of $62 per tonne over MAP. We expect this to remain in the $40 to $50 per tonne range for the year. In Brazil, fertilizer demand remains robust. Gross margin per tonne in the first quarter was lower than expected due to the cost of idling Araxa and other costs related to the new regulations. Mosaic Fertilizantes realized net synergies of $66 million ahead of the $47 million that we shared during our Analyst Day presentation. All-in-all, business fundamentals, production, sales and synergy capture remained very strong in the quarter. Even with the current challenges, we believe that we will achieve our targeted net synergies of $275 million in 2019. As Joc noted earlier, we expect it to incur up to $100 million in incremental costs during 2019, as we managed through the dam issue in Brazil. As part of our mitigation plan, we intend to import up to 120,000 tonnes of Miski Mayo rock monthly at an incremental logistics cost of $60 per tonne of rock. This covers about 40% of our total monthly rock used at the Brazilian plants. In over six months, this would add about $40 million to our costs in 2019. Even with imported rock and existing rock inventories, we still expect to operate our chemical plants below full capacity resulting in higher period cost and cost per tonne of finished product. And finally, we plan to import up to 300,000 tonnes of finished product from Florida. However, I would note that the lower cost of production in Florida offsets a meaningful portion of the incremental transportation costs. Taken together, these items are expected to increase the segment’s operating costs by up to $100 million in 2019, approximately $50 million in the second quarter alone. For the second quarter, we expect sales volumes of 2 million to 2.3 million tonnes in line with normal expectations. As part of our plan to meet our customer needs, we've already begun to modify our current contracts to be optional origin, which allows us to source product from any of our global facilities, be it from North America, Brazil, or Saudi Arabia to serve our customers. Gross margin per tonne is expected to be within range of $15 to $25, reflecting the impact of the higher costs that I mentioned, partially offset by distribution margins on the imported tonnes. At our recent Analyst Day, we outlined 2021 targets for each of our business units and we will continue to mark our progress toward them. This slide shows the four quarter rolling average as of the first quarter. Averages are meant to smooth out seasonality and the impact of turnarounds. In addition, we've provided you our starting point, the 2018 actuals. While we work through the regulatory changes in Brazil, we do not expect to be making progress on the Mosaic Fertilizantes targets. The only other metric that is pressured near-term is the cash cost of rock and phosphates where we've had a couple of quarters of higher costs as we transition to new mining areas. As we've discussed in the past, our business is seasonal, which means our working capital and cash flow is as well. The first quarter of each year tends to see the greatest use of working capital as inventory builds for spring application season and certain accruals from the previous year are extinguished. This year was no different, as inventories rose by approximately $300 million and almost $200 million in payables related to Canadian taxes and G&A accruals were paid. As we move forward in the year, however, we would expect working capital to return to more normal levels. As noted earlier, we're updating our guidance ranges for the year as a result of incremental cost in Brazil, higher tax burden in Canada and slower than expected phosphate recovery. Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $2.0 billion to $2.3 billion and adjusted earnings per share is now $1.50 to $2, reflecting an expected increase in the effective tax rate. Regarding cash usage, there are a handful of items to note. First, cash tax estimates have increased by almost $15 million on higher Canadian earnings and withholding. Cash interest expense estimates are up $10 million, due to a combination of lower cash balances and higher working capital financing cost in Brazil. And finally, we've allocated $55 million during the quarter to the acquisition of the Pine Bend Warehouse, which financially generates an after tax unlevered return in the mid-teens and strategically positions us to better serve our customers by having increased Midwest warehousing capacity. This acquisition lowers our logistics risk and allows us to take advantage of time and place premiums like we're seeing today. This acquisition also allowed us to avoid significant future CapEx spend at our Savage facility. Based on these factors, we expect capital available for allocation to be in the range of $400 million to $700 million for the year. Now I'll turn the call back to Joc for his closing comments.
Joc O’Rourke: Thank you, Clint. Several factors have our close attention. We will continue to monitor the evolving North American spring season. We will continue our work to meet new dam compliance requirements in Brazil. And as always, we will be monitoring Chinese phosphate exports. In addition, we are required to make a decision on the future of Plant City during the second quarter. Regardless of the external challenges, Mosaic is in excellent position to generate strong returns. As our first quarter results demonstrate, we have made major progress and Mosaic today is a stronger and more resilient company than it has ever been before. We will keep pushing for lower costs and greater operating efficiencies, while driving excellent safety performance and maintaining the integrity of our assets. We are optimistic regarding the markets and we're confident that Mosaic will deliver robust value for all our stakeholders across the business cycle. With that, I will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens Inc. Your line is now open.
Mark Connelly: Two things, if we look past the dam issues, you had talked about a $70 transportation cost for imports into Mato Grosso and at the time those assets weren't – still weren't competitive despite having that advantage. If we looked past the dam cost, do you have a sense of where you think you're on track to be? Are you going to fully offset that and – or is that, are you going to be sort of somewhere in the middle?
Joc O’Rourke: Mark, if I understand your question – sorry. Good morning. If I understand your question correctly, the suggestion is that even with the $70 transport costs, we are in the middle of the cost curve. I believe that's kind of what you're asking. And what I would say to that is two things, clearly because we are in the market, we do get the market premiums because of the time and place utility. And our synergies are absolutely moving us down the cost curve and making us much more competitive in that Mato Grosso market. So the $70 definitely is an advantage to us and one that we're I think capturing quite effectively in that business.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Andrew Wong: Hi, good morning. Just regarding the revised earnings guidance for 2019, can you provide some more detail on the fertilizer prices and margins that are being run through those figures? Is that guidance maybe based on spot pricing margins or maybe some improvements for later this year? Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. Let me hand this to Karen to give you a little bit of detail on it. But I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the downwards pressure on our guidance, if you will, was based on, first of all, our understanding – a better understanding of the costs to remediate in Brazil. And second piece though to that was obviously the Canadian taxes and then finally, the price recovery in phosphates being slower than what was originally expected because of the late spring. But somewhat offset by higher expected performance from our potash business than might have been in the original guidance. Karen, can I – you talk…
Karen Swager: Yes. We have factored in a modest recovery in phosphate margins for the rest of the year. Today we believe that NOLA price market is significantly below world price level is $30 to $40 lower than world price levels. So we could see some upside in the numbers that we've used because we just put in a modest recovery for Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is now open.
John Roberts: Thank you. Can you hear me? Hello?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes.
John Roberts: Yes, sorry. Just to pin you down a little bit more on the dam issues here, it sounds like there was minimal in the first quarter and there'll be minimal in the fourth quarter. So again, it's roughly $50 million – you gave $50 million for the second quarter, it'll be roughly $50 million in the third quarter as well. Is that correct?
Clint Freeland: Yes, that is correct. The way we expect to see this flow through is, again, most of it is the transport of Miski Mayo rock into Brazil and the extra transport costs of that offset by Miski Mayo costs maybe being a little better. The second piece is the – some transport costs, most of which is offset by lower cost from Florida for the MAP. And then the third piece is the under utilization of the assets because of the idling. So the first quarter or second quarter here, yes, $50 million. I think we're fairly solid on that. And then third quarter could be up to $50 million depending on execution.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. Have a couple of questions on cash flow. In the course of your opening remarks, you said you have to decide on the future of Plant City, if you close Plant City or you have to make arrangements for it, how much can the future cash outlays incrementally be for that? And secondly, you talked in your press release about strong cash flows this year. My guess is that the cash outlays from Brazil and extra costs may reduce your cash generation expectations by, I don't know $300 million this year or something like that. Can you provide some insight into those two issues?
Joc O’Rourke: Sure. Thanks Jeff. Okay. Well, let me reiterate that. Yes, and indeed the future of Plant City will have to be decided by July. We have to do that this quarter. And I'm going to let Clint talk a little bit about both how the cash flows this year and how they flow through. Although I will say, I believe there is a table somewhere in the deck that does go through the overall changes to cash flow but Plant City, I think, Clint, you can give some color on that.
Clint Freeland: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. Excuse me. So we've looked at the scenario of what happens if we make the decision to finally close Plant City. And I think there are a couple of things to keep in mind. First of all, you would have a noncash asset write-down, currently the book value of that asset is about $230 million. So you would have a noncash write-off of that to the extent that you permanently closed the facility. And then the other thing that you would have would be an increase in the ARO, the asset retirement obligation related to that facility. And really that change would be an increase of about $100 million, that change is primarily the effect of the present value calculation associated with it. And obviously that work would be pulled forward. So about a $230 million book value of noncash charge associated with that and then an ARO increase of about $100 million. Now when you look at the actual cash that we would spin and say over the next five years, I think our preliminary estimate would be in total over that five year period, roughly a $100 million. There are a couple of different lines of work that need to happen, you have the gypstack closures that would need to happen, but you also have some water treatment that would need to happen. We're looking at a number of different options, particularly for water treatment, different technologies that could meaningfully impact the amount that we would need to spend on that. So that could be variable, but I would say, if you think about cash over the five year period, post-closure, probably in aggregate about $100 million.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Chris Parkinson: Great. Thank you. Hopefully I'm not echoing. Can you just talk a little bit about your update on the outlook for Chinese DAP and MAP exports? Clearly it's been a little noisy just in the very beginning of the year with top producers increasing [up rates] [ph]. But is it still your understanding there will be additional closures in 2019. So if you could comment on your net outlook for the year as well as your expectations for local rock costs, it would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, Chris. Thank you. And I apologize to the group for our line just got lost for a while there, so I apologize. But I'm going to hand this straight over to Andy to talk a little bit about the supply and demand balance for DAP and MAP in China. Andy?
Andy Jung: All right. Thanks Joc. And thanks Chris for the question. So I think we're all aware of that Q1 exports were up year-over-year, a little over 500,000 tonnes. But bear in mind that Q1 is a relatively low volume quarter for exports. It makes up usually 10% to 15% of annual exports. What we've seen from a rock costs standpoint is that rock production was down in 2018 via the official statistics 22% year-over-year. We understand that they had depleted domestic inventories to maintain their downstream production relatively flat. But that will be putting upward pressure on costs as we move through 2019, we'd also expect to see sulfur prices on the rise. We've seen continued relatively high ammonia costs. So there won't be this upward pressure supporting the price floor in China. And because of that we would expect to see volumes as we move throughout the course of 2019 begin to taper off. And also supporting that is just the emptiness of their domestic channel. So they robbed their domestic channel of tonnes in order to export in Q4 as well as in Q1. And we would expect that in order to replenish that domestic pipeline, they'll have to keep tonnes at home rather than in the export market.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Jonas Oxgaard: Good morning, guys. If we can continue on that question, let's look at the demand side in China. It's been pretty weak for last couple of years. It doesn't seem to moving much right now and can you talk about what you're seeing and how you think that's going to evolve over the next year?
Joc O’Rourke: Yes, sure Jonas. I'm going to hand that back to Andy again, but let me make a general comment, which is what we have seen in China, at least for their corn and oilseed type crops is a flattening of the yield curve. So the yields are not increasing, which means that if they don't get back to a better utilization or a more consistent utilization, I believe that they will have yield issues, which doesn't fit their needs to become more self sufficient. But Andy, do you want to talk a little bit more about all that?
Andy Jung: Yes. In the – I guess into the minutiae a bit more, production is round about that 25 million tonne mark. Consumption is perhaps a bit over 15 million tonnes, maybe towards 16 million tonnes. And that's left them with the ability last year to export in excess of 11 million tonnes by taking down some pipeline inventories in the country. As we move into 2019, we think production year-to-date is roughly flat, at least so far through the first quarter. We think that consumption is probably down slightly, maybe in the 0.5 million tonne ZIP Code. And as we move through the rest of the year, we would think that production likely slips a bit lower as some of the environmental compliance issues come to bear or bear further. And also some of the cost pressures that I talked about earlier and domestic consumption as they replenish the pipeline and look to a fall season, we would expect to see domestic consumption level out. As Joc mentioned, the yields, grain and oilseed yields in China have plateaued and we don't think that that's a sustainable situation for the government there. And then what brings us back to the export volume, we do think year-over-year we'll see a slowdown in the final three quarters of the year. And for the full year beat down marginally versus where we were last year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. You may now ask your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning. So two questions, first just want to get a little more color on your view of spring application, demand thus far and through the first week of May. Just do you see enough product going to ground to actually clear out the inventories on phosphates and I guess to a lesser extent on the potash side, how much is there a risk of product being stranded out of St. Louis that would knock – hits the ground in time for the spring that then will carry over to the fall and continue to weigh on NOLA values. And then just a clarification question on Clint’s earlier comments on the ARO, the cash outlay over the next couple of years on Plant City, should you decide to close it? Is that covered by the ARO trust or is that incremental cash outlays from the corporation? Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, thanks Adam. That's a barrel full. I'm going to hand it to Corrine to talk a little bit about the spring but what we can say is look, spring is going and while there is a small amount of product stuck in St. Louis, it probably will not get up for spring season. That is affecting us a lot less because we are – have a lot of material in upcountry where we're getting good premiums for right now as much as $95 a tonne premium over the NOLA price, but Corrine, do you want to talk a little bit about that?
Corrine Ricard: Sure. I sure can. Thanks Adam. We certainly experienced a wet cold start to the spring season, but April and early May have brought on some really solid demand. It's important to note that the corn planting is only about 23% completed, so there is a lot of spring yet to go. A lot of fertilizer application to hit the ground that we believe will clean out inventories. It is true that the barge transportation has been pretty disrupted with flooding and repairs along the U.S. lock and dam system in the upper Mississippi River, and some of the barge resupply may not be hitting the Twin Cities markets and those northern markets until as late as June and that would be pretty late for spring. So the threat of that little bit of barge, a product overhang has been overly impacting the NOLA price levels. I would say is that the volume appears to be much smaller than is expected in the market. We've attempted to purchase barges to fulfill our needs for our Brazil shipments, and there was not enough products available to be able to put together a vessel that was in any kind of an exportable position and so barge count estimates put probably about 100 barges of which over half are sold, waiting for tows to go to the upper Mississippi river or maybe about 130,000 tonnes is all of the overhang that we really expected out there. When you put that in the context of a normal 2 million tonnes summer fill program is pretty small and so we don't – that's why we were so confident that the NOLA price levels are overly discounted. As Joc said, our upcountry positions put us in a great position to be able to see volumes go to our customers. So we've got over 350,000 tonnes in warehouses in the north. We've got about 7,000 rail cars loaded with on fan tracks and fleeted. And so we've been able to fulfill our customer's needs. They are not waiting. We're finding ways to get them, even though the barge system is disrupted. And as Joc said, that's benefiting our customers because they can get supply from us, but it's benefiting us as well as those upcountry values are a significant premium over NOLA. Our prices today out of Pine Bend are about $400 a short tonne. And that's about a $95 premium over NOLA.
Joc O’Rourke: And Clint do you want to just talk a little bit about the cash outlay of ARO?
Clint Freeland: Sure. Hi Adam. The cash related to the ARO that I just mentioned around Plant City would come out of corporate cash. We do have a trust that's set up. It has about $625 million in assets in it today. But there are some limitations and some rules around when we can begin to take cash out of that to help offset the cost of some of the remediation expenses and we're not there yet. A matter of fact, I don't think we'll be there for quite some time. So, for Plant City, I would expect to have to use corporate cash to satisfy that.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotia Bank. Your line is now open.
Ben Isaacson: Thank you very much and good morning. You've talked a lot about phosphates in China and I was hoping you could address the rest of the world. On Page 18, of your slide deck you have negative demand growth in India, in other Asia, obviously North America has been a bit of a challenge. With OCP and Ma'aden both ramping up this year can you talk about how – when you triangulate all of that, how long you expect this slower recovery in phosphates to take? Thank you
Joc O’Rourke: Andy, can I hand that straight to you? Thanks Ben. I'm going to hand that straight to Andy to talk about.
Andy Jung: All right Ben. You're correct that, we've downgraded some of our demand expectations for 2019. The biggest drop in demand is China and we've already talked about that, but we see some small, 100, 200,000 tonne a year slower demand in a number of other geographies. There are some offsets on the supply side that I don't think get probably enough attention and they haven't in the first half of the year simply because they haven't transpired. So you've got the Nutrien Redwater closure, which is basically upon us today. Mosaic’s Brazil curtailments really don't impact the market until the second half of the year. And then swinging back to China once again, it's really a second half of the year story where we expect to see production and exports decline. And we've seen a few, curtailments Australia, Tunisia, South Africa, Mexico, which will probably continue to bounce around and have some difficulties in the second half of the year as well. And we think that that leaves the market relatively balanced, and then in the second half of the year, frankly tightening back-up relative to the looseness that we've seen here in the first half.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I see from your Brazil guidance that you're expecting to 300,000 tonnes year-over-year increase in Brazil in Q2. It looks like a much bigger mix shift to Q2 that you had last year. Considering all the logistics challenges going on with finished product and raw material in Brazil can you explain, that expectation a little bit more please.
Joc O’Rourke: Yeah. I might leave this to Ric, if Ric is on the call. Is Ric on our call?
Ric McLellan: Yes, I'm here Joc. I can take that.
Joc O’Rourke: Yes. Would you take that Ric? Thanks Joel.
Ric McLellan: Yes, I think, a couple things that you have to remember, Joel, is that last year in the second quarter we experienced the impacts of the trucker's strike, which we don't expect to have happen this year. And if we look at the first quarter, the first quarter was a bit slower for domestic demand, both on the distribution side, the farm side and the third party side. In the second quarter, that's ramped up. And so we frankly look for good volumes, but if you want to circle around the real issue, was the impact of being out of business for 10 to 11 days with the trucker's strike last year.
Ric McLellan: Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks Joel.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Just a question I didn't hear you mention or maybe I missed it when the line cut out, but I didn't hear you mention a African swine flu at all. So just be curious to get what your thoughts are at this point on the impact to global P&K markets, if any short, medium, long-term. Thanks.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, thanks. Thanks Vincent. Yes, again, Andy has been tracking this and so the African swine fever, I mean we're looking at a big, big call of the Chinese hog fleet or whatever you want to call it. So, I'm going to let Andy talk a little bit about what that might mean and it's a longer term issue rather than necessarily a short term.
Andy Jung: All right, well thanks Vincent. I guess we'd start out to say that there are a lot of unknowns still, and we're watching and monitoring, but we don't have all the answers quite yet. What we do know is that Chinese pork production will certainly be down significantly both this year and probably into next year as well. Following that feed demand will obviously decline as well. And it could be significant enough that it would erase typical annual global growth in grain and oilseed demand. So, if you look at corn being about 1.1 billion tonnes, soybeans about a third of that 350 million tonnes. So taken together at 2% typical annual growth rate, you're talking a little over 30 million tonnes of grain and oilseed demand that could be lost. There will be offsets. So the U.S. industry, the Brazilian industry, the European pork industry, they're all setting up to produce more pork and export to China. So, there will be increased feed consumption in those geographies. And then just to put it into some context, if you look at the E10 program that China is set to roll out, the incremental demand from Corn for an E10 program in China would be in excess of that 30 million to 32 million tonnes of feed demand that would be lost. So, there are a lot of potential offsets out there that we continue to monitor as well.
Joc O’Rourke: But Andy, would you also say though, once the pork starts it being regrown then the demand will increase back to what it was and beyond.
Andy Jung: Yes. So that will probably take a couple years, maybe up to five years depending on the longevity of this outbreak and the severity of the outbreak. And what you likely will see you is bit of a whiplash event where feed demand ramps up very quickly as higher pork prices incentivize, bigger rations and faster growth plans for the hog barns.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is now open.
PJ Juvekar: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Joc I have a couple of questions on the Florida and Brazil. With Brazilians mine shut down at least for now, why wouldn't you run Florida mines harder and bring phosphates from there as opposed to bringing a rock from Peru. And then secondly, on Florida as you make your strategic decision on Plant City, in potash you played price or volume strategy, should we expect similar strategy in phosphates from you? Thank you.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, PJ, let me just give you a little bit of an understanding if you will, on the Brazilian rock and bringing in Brazilian rock from Miski Mayo. The Brazilian market is made up of a number of products including SSP, animal feed. TSP, MAP only the MAP really can be imported from Florida. We don't have rock to export to that location from Florida. So we are stuck or not stuck, but we are required to export Miski Mayo rock to Brazil to make-up the SSP and the feed that we wouldn't be making. So that's the first piece. The Florida, we will export as much from Florida as we believe the market will take. And you're right, that is the best economic way to do that. In terms of price over volumes strategy, I think we have previously said the conditions on which we would start-up Plant City again, and I think we can consistently say those haven't changed from a year ago. So, I think I can, at least say that about where that might be going.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna. Your line is now open.
Don Carson: Yes, thank you. I want to go back to North American application outlook for P&K. She noted only 23% of the crops planted, but it's a pretty narrow pre-plant application window. Now obviously a nudge and you can side dress after you plant the crop but that appears pretty limited in P&K. So, do you think we could lose some application here that would be postponed to the fall or do you think it gets lost for good this calendar year? Because, I noticed on your North American, update for both P&K, you really didn't change that much from your February outlook.
Joc O’Rourke: Thanks Don. I'm going to leave this straight over to Andy and Karen. Andy, Karen?
Karen Swager: Thanks Don. We have a fairly narrow window that remains, however we believe that as long as product is available, we're going to see application that goes with the rest of that corn planting. And as we said, Mosaic is an imposition to have a product available for customers in the north. We do believe that the application and demand overall will be relatively unchanged. We may see some of what we have lost last fall will be potentially replaced next fall. We don't think we will be seeing a lot of those tonnes in the spring season this year, but perhaps in the fall. Andy, do you want to talk about that some more?
Andy Jung: Well I’ll just add little bit of color in that, we've seen seasons like this before and the historical data shows us that by and large you really don't miss on farm demand. Whatever problems exist the industry and whether it's producers, distributors, retailers, farmers themselves, we'll find a way to get the product to ground because you don't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a bag of seed and then not feed that plant.
Don Carson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yes. Hi, good morning. I'm just wanted to talk a little bit more on the potash side of the market. I wanted to get your sense in terms of the brine inflow cost, I know 28 million in the quarter and just trying to understand the margin compression a little bit. How much of that is from price and how much of that was from potentially the spillover effect of running your plants in 1Q at a lower level that's going to compress the 2Q margins versus the 1Q margins.
Joc O’Rourke: Okay. Thanks Michael. Yes, I can answer the margin compression. It's virtually exactly what you said. The idea of running the plants at a slower rate in the first quarter will impact the cost profile in the second quarter. The second thing that happens is recognition of revenues in the second quarter will change the product mix slightly, which also impacts those margins. But most of that is flow on of the pricing from the first quarter. Now your question on brine inflow costs, I would say they are managing that quite effectively now and that's the reason we've seen I think up to $100 million lower costs per annum than we had maybe four or five years ago, which is really great to see.
Clint Freeland: One thing, excuse me, Michael, the one thing that I would also add to that around the margin impact and now the second quarters recall that the increase in CRT, the taxes are going to start flowing through in the second quarter. So that'll need to be factored in as well.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Alex Falcao from HSBC. Your line is now open.
Alex Falcao: Right. Thanks for your question and good morning. I have two questions. One regarding in Brazil, we saw yesterday Vale coming back and saying that they would probably operate or restart the operations at Brumadinho mine in a couple of weeks, I just want you to know if that's a leading indicator, since they were the ones most affected and seems that, there is sort of a normalization on licensing in Brazil. And that could lead to a better than expected a reopenings for you guys that’s the first question. And the second question is on freights specifically on potash, we saw a huge decline in the first quarter. Is that something that is going to continue going forward, for freight and what's the reason for that? Thank you. On freight, on freight, for potash specifically, right? So the potash freight cost is down, significantly. I just want to know what's the reason for that and is that something that should continue in second quarter?
Joc O’Rourke: Okay, great. Well, let's talk, start with Vale. There is no question that time will settle a lot of the churn in Brazil. And I think, yes, Vale restarting in a couple of weeks is probably a good sign. It means that they're starting to be some level of discussion between regulators and Vale and that may be returning to a level of normalcy. In terms of our expectations, our plans are relatively set now so I don't see it affecting us per se in terms of coming in back earlier. In terms of Canpotex freight and the overall freight from – I mean I’ll hand that to Karen.
Karen Swager: Yes. I believe what's happening there is that proportion of tonnes that are going to Canpotex versus the North American distribution system. We don't pay the freight Canpotex pays the freight on those export shipments whereas we do on the domestic shipments and with the North American fill season a little bit lower, we had less winter fill shipments to the domestic market and its associated freight costs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Joc O’Rourke: There's no more questions, let me conclude. To conclude our call today, I would like to reiterate our key points. First. We have a well-defined path forward to manage through the dam situation in Brazil and we are confident that we will be able to continue to meet our Brazilian customer needs. Second, despite regulatory and weather related challenges, Mosaic continues to deliver very strong results for this quarter, and our outlook for the year continues to be strong. And third, Mosaic is executing very well and we've made tremendous progress on our business transformations. Today Mosaic is a stronger and more resilient company than ever, and we're in an excellent position to deliver strong returns across the cycle. So thank you for all you for joining our call and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call, thank you everyone for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release, performance data, and earnings slides available on our website contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Laura, and good morning to you all. Mosaic delivered another strong quarter to wrap up a year of good results and accelerating momentum. We accomplished a great deal in 2018. We transformed the business in Brazil, improved our cost base in Phosphates, made major strides toward completing our Esterhazy K3 potash mine, delivered record potash production, and reached a new milestone in premium product sales. All these accomplishments allowed us to capture the full benefit of improving market conditions. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we've made and we're optimistic regarding 2019. Our announcement today that we will double our annual dividend target reflects our first step toward increasing capital returns to shareholders. For the fourth quarter, Mosaic reported earnings of $0.29 per share and adjusted earnings per share of $0.77 per share, which represents over a 100% increase compared with the fourth quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings for the quarter include a $21 million benefit, approximately $0.05 per share from the reduction of the full year estimated tax rate for 2018. Net sales increased by $429 million to $2.5 billion over a year ago. Our full-year 2018 results reflect positive market dynamics and solid execution across the business. For the year, revenues increased by 29% to $9.6 billion. We reported net earnings of $470 million and adjusted EBITDA of $2 billion, a 68% increase over a year ago. Net earnings per share were $1.22 compared to a loss in 2017. And adjusted earnings per share increased over 90% to $2.12 per share. I would like to provide some detail on our 2018 accomplishments. We successfully integrated and substantially transformed the Vale Fertilizantes business. in fact Mosaic Fertilizantes delivered $227 million in operating earnings and $410 million in adjusted EBITDA in the year, compared with pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $81 million in 2017. One of the primary factors driving this turnaround is the pace at which the team in Brazil is realizing synergies. We realized $158 million of net synergies in 2018, with a run-rate exceeding $280 million at year-end. We now expect to reach our net synergy target in 2019, a full year ahead of schedule. The Potash team delivered record production for both the quarter and the full year. We made major progress on the new Esterhazy K3 project, including the recent commissioning of the first production hoist and conveyor to the K2 mill. Our engineers have developed a path to accelerate development at K3 by a full year and now we expect to be able to eliminate brine management costs entirely by 2024. In Phosphates, the transformation of the business is delivering meaningful financial and operational benefits as well as creating significant savings and deferral of capital spending, without sacrificing safety, mechanical integrity or reserve life. We shipped a record 3 million tonnes of MicroEssentials including over 1 million tonnes to Brazil. Our sales of MicroEssentials continues to grow. In fact, companywide, our sales have grown at a compound rate of 18% over the past 10 years and Brazil sales have grown even faster with a compound annual rate of 41% albeit from a smaller base. We expect to add capacity through debottlenecking and potential additional facility conversions as demand continues to grow. We announced another important milestone during the fourth quarter. We received the final permit for our Ona mine site. The mine gives us access to a large reserve and helps to extend Florida Phosphate mining for decades to come. We plan to mine these reserves with existing assets, including the South Pasture facility, minimizing the need for new capital spending and highlighting one of the primary benefits of our acquisition of CF Industries' phosphate business. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, we generated another year of record safety performance. Even as we push to reduce cost and integrate our largest acquisition ever, all of us at Mosaic are proud of the trajectory of our safety performance, steady improvement year-by-year for the past eight years. Overall, 2018 was a year of remarkable progress and strong results and we expect to realize further benefit from our strategic successes and good markets in 2019. We expect global supply and demand to remain balanced for both phosphates and potash in the year ahead. While the channel appears to be well stocked around the world, in part due to a weak fall application season in North America, we expect inventories to be draw down quickly and strong demand to emerge as we move through North American spring and as the season picks up in Brazil. New supply in both phosphates and potash has been slow to come to market and that trend is continuing in 2019. This slow global supply ramp-up has allowed demand to catch up and keep potash and phosphate markets balanced. We continue to watch political and trade developments around the world as well as Chinese phosphate exports, which we believe will continue to follow the economics. Now I will turn the call over to Clint to discuss our segments, capital, and our guidance for the first quarter and for the year.
Clint Freeland: Thank you. Joc. Good morning, everyone. As noted earlier, Mosaic finished the year with a strong fourth quarter generating $590 million in adjusted EBITDA and $0.77 a share in adjusted earnings per share, bringing full-year adjusted EBITDA to $2.029 billion and adjusted earnings per share to $2.12, both of which exceeded the top end of our guidance ranges. All three business units performed well and contributed to this outcome. And Mosaic Fertilizantes' adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totaled $133 million compared to pro forma fourth quarter 2017 adjusted EBITDA of $13 million as the business continued to benefit from strong selling prices, synergy realizations, wider distribution margins and favorable foreign exchange rates. Gross margin per tonne for the business during the quarter was $56, well above the top end of our expected range of $35 to $45 as the distribution business not only exceeded sales expectations, but delivered a higher margin mix of sales during the quarter, in part due to high MicroEssentials sales volumes. As demonstrated in the results, the team in Brazil has made great progress and its synergy capture program. In addition to the $158 million in net realized synergies noted earlier, Mosaic Fertilizantes realized an additional $21 million in benefits from executing its business-to-business marketing strategy, which allowed us to keep our selling prices at or above replacement costs. As revenue synergies were not included when we set our original synergy targets and ranges, we wanted to remain consistent in our reporting and note them separately. But make no mistake, these benefits are real and they are contributing to the financial results of the business. Similar to Mosaic Fertilizantes, the Phosphates segment delivered a very strong fourth quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $219 million versus $182 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. While sale volumes were down compared to last year as a result of the Plant City idling, results improved as higher average stripping margins offset the sales decline. Gross margin per tonne for the Phosphates segment totaled $81, comfortably exceeding our guidance. These higher margins were driven primarily by product mix. We sold more product to higher netback regions and a higher proportion of premium MicroEssentials products than we originally forecasted. Margins also benefited from several relatively small normal course but infrequent items that together added approximately $5 a tonne during the quarter. The Potash segment also generated strong results for the quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $256 million compared to $155 million in the same quarter last year as higher market prices and continued cost management efforts led to the improvement. Of note, during the quarter was the extraordinary operational performance of the potash fleet, which recorded a 99% operating rate during the period. The Company continues to focus on managing costs and has made tremendous progress when measured by SG&A per tonne. To further enhance our focus in this area and better align reporting cost with accountability and decision-making, we've determined that certain corporate costs that are not controllable by the business should no longer be allocated to the operating segments and should instead be reported in the Corporate segment. Not only should this increase visibility and improve accountability for managing these costs, but it should also give investors a clearer view of true segment level cost and margins. We will make this reporting change beginning in the first quarter and we'll recast prior quarters and updated performance data that we'll post to our website before our next earnings. Before moving on to our expectations for 2019, there is one more financial reporting topic, I would like to comment on. As noted in our press release, we completed our year-end close process which went relatively smoothly. However, because of the size and complexities of the purchase accounting related to our acquisition of Vale Fertilizantes, which included 54,000 assets, we are continuing to work on the allocation of value, the documentation related to that allocation process, and our evaluation of internal control effectiveness. Since we need additional time to complete this work, we will file a Form 12 b-25, which would allow us an additional 15 days to file our 2018 Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Upon filing within the prescribed deadline, the Company's Form 10-K will be deemed to be timely filed. We do not expect that the results reported to you today will differ in any material respect from those presented in our 2018 Form 10-K. Our outlook for full-year 2019 reflects our expectation for continued strength in our core markets and progress on the various transformation efforts around the Company. As reflected on Slide 11 of the presentation, we are initiating our full-year 2019 guidance with an adjusted EBITDA range of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, and an adjusted earnings per share range of $2.10 to $2.50. There are many assumptions that have gone into our estimates, some of which we've outlined on Slide 14 in the appendix of this presentation. There are a few others that I would note. First, finished product and raw material product pricing expectations are based on visible and anticipated prices as of mid-February. Second, as Joc noted earlier, we expect to achieve our full synergy target in 2019. So we have included $275 million in net synergies in our guidance. Turning to K3, the commissioning of the first hoist and conveyor at the site means that the mine is now being accounted for as a production facility. As a result, some costs of underground development are no longer capitalized but are being added to operating cost. These costs total $25 million to $30 million in 2019. Given the relatively modest incremental tonnage being produced in this development phase, we expect our production cost per tonne for the business segment to be approximately $3 per tonne higher than it otherwise would be. This is transient however, and is expected to be de minimis by 2021. Next, based on a comprehensive peer review comparing our definition of adjusted EBITDA to those used by both competitors and others more broadly, we have decided to update our definition to exclude both non-cash ARO accretion expense and equity settled incentive compensation beginning January 1st 2019. Our guidance for 2019 includes an estimated $60 million benefit from this change. For comparative purposes, the historical performance data will be republished to reflect this change as well as the SG&A allocation change I mentioned earlier. And finally, as is normal in our business, we expect to see a degree of seasonality in our business this year with more modest earnings in the first quarter and more robust earnings in the second, third and fourth quarters. With the weak fall application season and the impact that has had on phosphate inventory channels and finished product prices, we expect a more pronounced seasonal effect on earnings in this first quarter than in prior years. While we've also seen a reduction in raw material prices, which should provide an offsetting benefit, this is expected to take one to two quarters to be realized through our cost of goods sold, ultimately benefiting results in future quarters. With adjusted EBITDA of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, the Company expects to generate significant cash flow in 2019. Cash interest expense is estimated at approximately $160 million, and we anticipate paying roughly $60 million in cash taxes, primarily in Brazil and Canada. Sustaining CapEx is targeted at $720 million and is in line with historic guidance of $500 million to $600 million per year for the phosphate and potash businesses and approximately $150 million for Mosaic Fertilizantes. Longer term, we would expect consolidated sustaining capital to remain consistent with these historic ranges at around $650 million to $750 million annually. Assuming that working capital nets out over the course of the year, the Company should have $1.26 billion to $1.46 billion in allocable cash during 2019. Current capital allocation commitments to-date include, first, the stock common stock dividend, which we are targeting at $0.20 a share, up from $0.10 per share. Second, K3 Mine development and acceleration. It's important to note here that the capital budget for the mine remains unchanged, but that annual spend has increased due to the accelerated schedule. In addition, these numbers include increasing compaction capacity to allow us to achieve higher margins from our production. Third, Florida mine life extension projects that will not only extend the resource life for our phosphate business, but will also allow us to avoid over $1 billion in future capital spend previously thought necessary. Fourth, approximately $50 million in low-risk, high-return organic investments, 70% of which pay for themselves within two years. In total, $560 million in capital has been allocated to these items, leaving $700 million to $900 million in cash available to be allocated this year. With that said, it's important to note that the vast majority of this cash will be generated in the second half of this year given the seasonality of the business and that we would anticipate being somewhat measured in our capital deployment in the near term as we monitor developments in Brazil with respect to the recently passed new rules and regulations and assess how they may affect us. And as we've said in the past, our objective is to execute a balanced capital allocation program that promotes the growth and resiliency of the business through continued strengthening of the balance sheet, investments in projects that generate appropriate risk-adjusted returns and provides a regular return of capital to shareholders. With that, I'll ask Joc for his closing comments.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks Clint. I will close by reiterating our premise for today. Mosaic delivered strong results in the fourth quarter and for the full year because markets improved and most importantly because the actions we have taken to create a resilient and efficient franchise that has built substantial earnings leverage. We are proud of our progress and we will not stop pushing for further strategic improvements. I would like to note that we will host our Analyst Day in Tampa on March 28. We plan to provide you with more detail on our strategy and outlook as well as more specifics on Esterhazy K3, Mosaic Fertilizantes and our domestic phosphate rock strategy. Now, before we open it up to Q&A, I would like to address a question that maybe on many of your minds. What are we doing in Brazil and what are the implications to our business following the Vale's Feijao iron ore mine disaster? First of all, I'd like to share our deepest sympathy with those impacted by this catastrophe. Our immediate reaction upon hearing of the dam failure was to offer medical teams and other assistance to Vale. We have a close relationship with Vale. Many of our Brazilian employees are former Vale employees, and Vale is one of our largest shareholders. Our thoughts are with them as they deal with this very difficult situation. Now, I will briefly discuss Mosaic's efforts following the dam collapse. On Monday, February the 18th, new regulations went into effect in Brazil to address the safety of tailings dams and other mining and processing waste storage structure. Mosaic has 22 such structures in Brazil, 11 of which are tailings dams. In light of the new regulations and after conferring with independent experts, we believe that 21 of our 22 structures are compliant with the new safety regulations, although, two of these dams have upstream lifts that require remediation plans. One tailings dam at our Araxa facility does not appear to meet the new safety standard for undrained resistance. While the dam was in compliance under the old criteria, we had already been making improvements to the dam to increase our margin of safety. We proactively reported the potential issue to the ANM, the agency that regulates dams in Brazil, and after consultation with the ANM, we've agreed to keep the line out of operation until we can improve the dam's undrained safety factor. All of our other 21 structures have current certificates of stability issued by external consultants. In addition, the Company has arranged for an independent third-party assessment of all of our dams, which is expected to be complete in approximately 90 days. I would also note that none of our tailings dams utilize the upstream method of construction that was apparently used in the construction of dams that failed in the Samarco and Feijao incidents. We have two dams at our center line construction, but have small final upstream lifts. We are assessing remediation requirements for those dams. While there is uncertainty about the future requirements that the Brazilian Government may impose on miners and on tailings dams, we believe change is necessary and will only make mining in Brazil safer and more sustainable for the future. At Mosaic, we have made the safety of our employees, our communities and the environment, a very high priority and we will continue to do so, no matter where we operate. Now, let's turn the line over to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: Just wanted to drill a little bit more into the Fertilizantes business. Your near-term gross margin per tonne expectations are roughly the same for your phosphate business and the Fertilizantes business in this $40 to $50 a tonne range. Is it fair to assume that the legacy distribution business that you have that's in that Fertilizantes business is kind of in that range of $20 to $30 a tonne margins that you had historically and therefore is your - the domestic phosphate operation down there is now significantly more profitable, maybe closer to $80 a tonne margins?
Joc O'Rourke: Certainly, the legacy distribution business had the margins in the range of $20 to $30 per tonne. And so, yes, the production business would be expected and certainly does have higher margins. We're not separating those out per se anymore, but what I can tell you is the synergy capture not only involved improving the production business or the B2B business, but there was also a great deal of synergy between those two, which we wouldn't be able to attribute specifically to either one of them. But what we have seen is improvements in gross margin for that distribution business because of the synergies and the go-to-market strategy that we've undertaken.
Steve Byrne: Does that combination of synergies benefiting both sides of that business warrant further expansion in capacity in either the domestic production or in distribution given the increased profitability?
Joc O'Rourke: Certainly, we will look at that very carefully as one of our opportunities for growth. We believe, we've built a platform there, but it does have long-term growth potential. As you are all aware, the Brazil growth in agriculture has been one of the best in the world and it continues to be one of the most attractive areas and so we believe we can grow with that market.
Steve Byrne: And then just lastly on that is this the key driver to those synergies, just simply headcount reduction or is it really more process-related where you can modify the operations down there based on partnering your knowledge from your North American operations?
Joc O'Rourke: The synergies come from a number of areas. Certainly headcount is one of them, but the use of - more effective use of contractors, supply chain and logistics, procurement, and as I say, just the taking advantage of Mosaic's market strategy has improved the ability of both to capture new margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jeremy on for Vincent. I just want to dig a bit deeper in the first quarter guidance. Seems just a bit light at first glance. Are you expecting to gain back any of those applications lost in the fall in the first quarter? Are you kind of expecting some of that back in the second quarter? And just maybe as a follow-up to that, is that kind of leading to the discussion in the press release about the need to sort of export more product to kind of move away from that North American market? I'm - just more color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Look, I'm going to tag team this with Karen. But the Q1 guidance - look, I think there's a couple of things that are at the top of my mind. The first is, we had a great sales season or a good sales season in the fall from the Mosaic perspective in that we sold the volume we expected to sell. However, we do not think there was a great application season in North America because of the weather and the product that we - that is likely in customer warehouses today. So what that means is that at least our winter-fill will likely be weaker than usual. The other thing that happened to us in the fourth quarter I think is prices held better through the fourth quarter than probably our original guidance would have expected. So now that that prices decreased, we expect we will see the next wave of selling at a lower - a slightly lower price, which is why that first quarter is slightly weaker. We fully expect that the spring season will make up some of the fourth quarter application loss, and so by the end of the first half, we feel we will largely be whole. Karen, do you want to add anything to that?
Karen Swager: Jeremy, see, it looks like the prices take a negative turn almost every winter season, as we've noted before. This year's price declines occurred a little bit later than usual, as Joc said, but they were more significant for a couple of reasons. We had that disappointing fall application season in North America due to weather although we had shipped a normal amount of product into the system and that resulted in the North American distribution channel, that is really quite full. On top of that, we received an excessive level of imports into the U.S. River System and so there's quite a bit of product available for spring. We do think that you'll see this normalize through first half of '19, but potentially not in the first quarter. Demand is strong and we think that at least 80% of what was not applied in the fall will get applied in the spring. So we're anticipating really strong shipments for spring season. And as long as we get normal weather and can avoid any logistics hang-ups with that big of a season, we believe we should see a recovery by the end of the second quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Karen, I think the other thing is the cost of goods sold and the raw materials movement. Can you may give us some color on how the raw materials, particularly sulfur and ammonia, are moving through our products right now?
Karen Swager: Yes, absolutely. I think that's another good point for first quarter. So we have seen our industry benchmark stripping margin, which you've heard us talk about before, is down. Our actual margins that are anticipated in the first quarter that we've guided to are a little bit more negatively impacted and that's due to the raw materials. Given the level of inventories in the system, it will take a little bit longer for these raw material price decreases to work through the system and impact overall margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard: I was curious about your capital allocation. It looks like you're projecting a pretty sizable pile of cash burning out a hole in your balance sheet there. How are you thinking about deploying that? And can you talk a little bit about the trade-offs between buybacks, more dividends and M&A?
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Jonas, and yes, I'm going to hand this over to Clint in a second here, but what I would like to start by saying is our approach to capital allocation is unchanged. We will continue to have a disciplined and balanced approach to allocating capital in a way that helps grow our Company and invest in high-return investment opportunities, both internal and external, balanced with strengthening the resiliency of our balance sheet, and of course, returning money to shareholders, our doubling of our dividend is actually a very good example of that this year. Client, you want to talk a little about that?
Clint Freeland: You know, first, as you noted, I think we expect to generate a significant amount of cash this year based on our guidance, we pegged that at $1.26 billion to $1.46 billion of allocable cash - excuse me, and based on kind of what we've outlined between the dividend in K3 and other things, we've allocated about 40% of that leaving about 60% of that cash available for allocation later in the year. I would note though that given the seasonality of our business and how we expect things to play out that the vast majority of that cash would be generated in the second half of this year. So I think we certainly want to be measured in the timing of decisions, but - of actually deploying that cash. But as we've talked about in the past, I think what we want to do is to execute a balanced capital allocation program, very similar to what Joc just said, where we continue to put downward pressure on our debt levels over time. We invest in high risk-adjusted return opportunities as they present themselves. But then also continue to return capital to shareholders and the dividend increase this morning is again just the first step in that. As we think about dividend share buybacks and M&A, you know one of the things that I think we always need to keep top of mind is particularly around M&A versus share buybacks is that we need to be sure that any type of M&A investment beats the share buyback, and we need to be sure that we always have that tension in that analytical approach. So I would say, as we think about returning capital to shareholders, there are obviously different options that are available, we'll continue to evaluate that, and then again as we look at any type of M&A, we also want to be sure that that's a better alternative for us than buying back shares.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: I have two questions. China exports of phosphate were 11 million tonnes in 2018. What do you think they'll be in 2019? And in your potash slide, you have Other Asia going from 5.2 million tonnes of demand 5.5 million tonnes to 5.8 million tonnes. Which countries are you thinking of to encompass that increase in demand?
Joc O'Rourke: I'm going to hand this straight over to Mike, but before I do, I just would like to acknowledge, Mike, this will be his last Mosaic's earnings call. He will - he has announced his retirement and will retire in April of this year. As many of you know, Mike has served Mosaic and its predecessors for over 33 years and I think it's fair to say that he is a real industry icon. He has been an invaluable resource for many of you, and of course, a very invaluable resource to all of us here at Mosaic. So, Mike, I want to thank you and wish you all the best for the future and retirement. And this is also the first Mosaic's earnings call for Andy Jung. Andy came to Mosaic in 2013 to bolster our Market & Strategic Analysis function and he is an accomplished agricultural economist and he has a long history of analyzing this industry. Prior to Mosaic, he spent a decade at a leading industry analysis firm. So you can look forward to his insights on the market and the industry in the years ahead. So Mike and Andy, can you talk about this question?
Michael Rahm: One comment I would make before answering the infamous China export question is that I'm very pleased with our succession plan. I think all of you know, Andy, you know that he's a lot taller, a lot thinner and a lot smarter than I am. So I'm very pleased that the Market & Strategic Analysis function at Mosaic is going to be in very good hands. And the other thing I would say about retirement is it's a bit bittersweet in the sense that I think Mosaic's future is extremely bright and I guess bright for three reasons, one, I think we've made some great strategic moves over the last five or six years. Secondly, the transformation or optimization initiatives are really taking hold and delivering results to the bottom line. And I think there are a lot more results to come. And then finally, when we look at the market outlook, I'm still very constructive on the medium, and long-term outlook for this industry. So I won't be in the game, but I'll be on the sidelines cheering all of you on. So let's get to the China question. As Jeff indicated, the numbers you know the numbers that China exports of DAP, MAP and TSP were up about 900,000 tonnes last year. MAP was up 1.1 million tonnes - or DAP was up 1.1 million tonnes, MAP was down a couple of hundred thousand tons. If you look at the trade flows, Indian DAP imports were up 2 million tonnes. So the increase in China's DAP exports directly related to the big increase in Indian imports. And then secondly, despite the fact that exports were up, we do think there are some real significant transitions taking place in the Chinese industry. We know that new taxes and regulations took hold last year, we think that has increased production cost $10 to $15 per tonne. So it's lifted the entire industry cost curve. Secondly, we know rock production this year is down 25% to 30%. As a consequence, a lot of the formerly integrated producers are now non-integrated producers, so you've really had a big increase in the upper end of the cost curve. So there are a lot of changes taking place, and we do think current prices in China are close to marginal cost. So with all that said, I'll get to your question, how much do we think they will export? We think it will be less in 2019 than 2018. I think I'm going to dish off the second question to Andy, in terms of the increase in Other Asian imports.
Andy Jung: Thank you, Mike. So it's fairly broad-based across Asia, there are a few pockets of weather concern, but by and large expectations are for a fairly normal monsoon season throughout Australasia. So you - looking across or going down the list, Thailand, Vietnam, Indonesia, Malaysia, especially with the recent - rebound in palm oil pricing, so we are fairly confident that Other Asia, which has really shown, albeit from a relatively smaller base than some of the big countries in Asia, has shown very strong growth over the last several years and that growth will continue into '20 - or through 2019, also assisted by a relatively low carrying inventory levels in that region.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer with Barclays.
Duffy Fischer: I was wondering if you could give a little bit more - I think it was Clint talked about the $5 a ton in phosphate, was that truly a one-time fourth quarter only issue and so kind of it stops Jan 1 or does some of that bleed through into the first half of this year?
Clint Freeland: I think as we look at it, that $5 a tonne, we're not forecasting any of that to come into first quarter. Just to give you a flavor for kind of what makes that up. We look at - we have kind of this category that we call other sales, but it's a little bit of sulfuric acid, a little bit of extra ammonia, and some scrap, kind of things that are kind of in the ordinary course relatively small, but we saw that in the fourth quarter, we also had some insurance proceeds that came back to us for the sulfur enterprise work, we had previously had some, some expense associated with some fire damage that did run through gross margin per tonne in the previous quarter, we got a little bit of insurance proceeds back in the fourth quarter. So again, that wouldn't reoccur. And so there are a couple of - just a handful of kind of small things that happened in the ordinary course of business, but we really would not expect them to flow through to Q1.
Joc O'Rourke: And I just emphasize that normally in the fourth quarter, you see these same small items tend to be negative. And this year, surprisingly they were positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens.
Mark Connelly: You talked about Miski Mayo rock driving your costs up a little bit. Can you give us a sense of what the opportunity looks like to get those costs down and what needs to happen or what targets you have there? And maybe related to that, you signed an MOU with a Chinese buyer, and it's not clear whether that's going to be geared toward rock or finished goods. Can you give us any sort of sense of how meaningful you think that's going to be in 2019 or going forward?
Joc O'Rourke: Mark, let me start by saying, I think you're referring to the increase in cost because the proportion of Miski Mayo rock was higher in our COGS this quarter. And you have to understand that when we bring Miski Mayo rock and we have not only the operating cost but the added cost of transport from through into our existing business, but if I look at Miski Mayo itself, I think there is a really great story there in terms of the integration as we take over the joint venture. This year, we had record low costs at Miski Mayo, record volumes at Miski Mayo, and a record safety performance at that operation. So over time, we believe that we can make material improvements to how that Miski Mayo works. In terms of our China MOU, I'm going to hand that over to Karen to give a couple of comments about our ongoing relationship there.
Karen Swager: Yes, we signed an MOU with Sinochem organization this fall. And there are no specific volumes stated, we do believe that there will be future opportunities for rock imports into China given the rationalization of the rock mining that is starting to occur as we said about 25% to 30% rock production has decreased in China and over time, some of that rock maybe replaced at plants that are not relocated or closed in the future. So that's the intent of that agreement, but there are no specific volumes listed for 2019.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Alex Falcao with HSBC.
Alex Falcao: Just going back to Brazil, if you may. So we saw that there is this deadline for August 15th for - for other dams to be adopted to the new regulation. It seems like the industry is fighting back a little bit that be it all those - those data points or at least that date. Can you - what happens - first, can you - can you have a plan in place and have all your dams adopted to that point? First question. Second question is, what happens if - there is - if some of the players are not able to do that and what do you expect in terms of shutting down some of these upstream dams and what is the impact of those closures if they were to happen? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Alex, look, I'm going to hand this over to Rick. Rick is on the phone from Brazil right now, Rick McLellan, our business leader in Brazil. But before I do that, just I think the first clarification is by August 15th, the new legislation requirement, if I understand it correctly, and I will get Rick to clarify further, is that we need to have a plan in place or that anybody who has an upstream dam needs to have a plan in place. I do not believe that's the adoption date. I believe the adoption date is a couple of years later, but I will allow clarification from Rick and I will get him to give you the - what he would expect to be the impact if they can't comply. Rick, can I ask you guys to look at this?
Richard McLellan: Yes Joc, well, first things first. You're right that the plan has to be in place and presented in August and then there's a time schedule for it to take place. I think from an industry standpoint, people believe this needs to take place, this - these type of changes need to take place. I think there will be a question about the time allowed to make it happen. But to be honest, the new legislation came into place last Monday, and yesterday, there was a new set of state legislations for the state of Minas Gerais. And so, the industry is trying to work its way through it as are we. And it - and if - my sense is, if you don't meet the agreed upon criteria, those dams are - have to be decommissioned and taken out of - taken out of operation. I'm not sure I fully answered, but that's - that's about what everybody knows today.
Joc O'Rourke: Rick, I'm just going to highlight again all that, because of the recentness of this event, I think the legislative impacts will be in somewhat flux for a period of time, Alex. I don't think we're going to have final answers for a period of time, and look, when we do understand what the legislation is, we will make sure that as a Company, we fully comply and that we follow whatever the highest standard to protect the employees, the communities, and the environment around and where we work.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Wong: So I just want to go back to phos rock costs. Earlier in 2018, they were down to about $35 per tonne, but looks like they're back up a little bit to around like to $40 per tonne range. So how much of that is Miski Mayo versus like other operating items and what can we expect going forward for overall phos rock costs?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay, Andrew. Thank you. The $35 a tonne rock cost you referred to is the - I believe you're referring to the cash cost of Florida mined rock. That varies and I think it is up this quarter because we're in areas that maybe have a little lower grade, a little further to pump, and that's normal variance, which we expect to see in our business as we move from deposit to deposit, mine to mine and in different areas. The overall rock cost then would include the Miski Mayo cost. But what I can say is, overall and allowing for that variance, our transformation efforts have given us great success. I think those rock costs have been held relatively flat for eight years now. And so I think that is a great testament to the amount of work that's done. Now I think as we go forward, we expect to see some increases at least with inflation and longer pumping distances, but we are looking at how we mitigate those costs every year. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson: I just wanted to take advantage of Mike's last call just to get his views on potash supply outlook. I know on Slide 16 you've given your demand view. But how do you see some of these ramps of new capacity affecting the supply demand balances and prices in as we get into the second half of 2019?
Joc O'Rourke: And certainly in respect to you and both Mike, I will definitely allow that to go to Mike, although, I'm sure Andy could give an equally eloquent answer.
Michael Rahm: We haven't changed our view a whole lot. Obviously, there are a few puts and takes on the supply side. And before addressing those, I think you have to acknowledge the tremendous growth that has taken place on the demand side. And potash demand has been a great story. If you look at shipments in 2017, up almost 5 million tonnes, 2018, we followed that big step-up with another 1 million tonne increase. So we're talking about a very robust demand environment. Flipping to the supply side, as we said, puts and takes. If you look at some of the takes, the Boulby mine closed mid-year. In Chile, SQM is focusing very hard on maximizing lithium production at the expense of KCl. K plus S had a few problems in the Werra region. China production has flattened after tremendous growth over the past 10 years. So that - in that context, we - and going ahead this year, we'll see another mine closure at Saskatchewan and in the context of good demand growth, some few hiccups on the supply side, and the expectation of a normal ramp-up of new capacity, certainly, the situation for 2019 looks very well balanced to actually a bit of a deficit. When we look at the changes in our S&D, we're showing a small deficit, which again, we don't think the world's going to run out of potash, but all it indicates is that we think producers are going have to run at high rates. And if you look at what's happened this past year, record production at Mosaic, record production Belaruskali, record production coming from some of the facilities at ICL. The supply side needs to respond to the robust demand environment, coupled with a few other changes on the supply side with other producers. No, no change in our view, I think the potash outlook looks - continues to look very positive. Andy, any concluding comments?
Andy Jung: No, I think you summed it up well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Chris Parkinson: So, you touched on your view that new supply will come online at a moderated pace, enabling demand to keep up, but can you just further hit on your view of global trade flow evolution, just given the vast majority of the new suppliers from the Middle East and North Africa. Is it safe to presume that you'll be selling even less into Central Asia and more into Latin America over the intermediate to long-term? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks, Chris. I'm going to hand this back to Andy and Mike again to just discuss that.
Michael Rahm: Maybe Andy, why don't you give a first shot and I'll add any color.
Andy Jung: Well, we've stated before that we are certainly more Americas focused with our asset base that's located in the Americas and we took the decision several years ago to move away from supplying our Indian distribution business out of Florida and primarily serving it with MWSPC tonnes out of Saudi Arabia and we would expect that that pattern will persist. In terms of new production capability in the phosphate space, one would expect that OCP and Ma'aden or derivation of joint ventures in Saudi Arabia will meet much of future demand growth and you won't see new capacity out of North America in particular. So servicing global demand in the Asian region is most definitely going to be serviced from North Africa and the Middle East.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi.
Dan Jester: It's Dan Jester on for PJ. So, in North America, today, where are inventories more challenged given - compared to a normal year? Is it in potash or in phosphate? And then secondly, in your demand forecast for North America I think you have potash shipments falling for a second consecutive year. Any comments on that would be helpful too. Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, I missed the second half of your question, Dan. I got the inventory challenge in P and K but I missed --
Dan Jester: North America potash shipments, you have been down for the second consecutive year in 2019. Can you just maybe talk about what's driving that? Thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: I'm going to share this question with Karen, but let me say, if I look at North American inventory, both P and K were affected by the poor than average to the ground actual usage. But I think if you look at it, I think the potash impact was probably a little less than the phosphate. So there's a bigger buildup of phosphate inventory and with imports that's probably exacerbated a little bit. Karen, do you want to talk about that and the --
Karen Swager: I think the situation that Joc summarized is valid. There is a little bit more phosphate inventory potentially in the hands of distributors and a little bit more the potash inventory in hands of the producers. Both nutrients though suffered the same impact from the fall - disappointing fall application season. And so it's more of an issue of in whose hands that inventory is held. Overall, globally, I think we have probably seen most of the price impact that we're going to see happen on the phosphate side because we're seeing some turnaround in some of the things such as production curtailments or shutdowns in Australia, Mexico, China helping phosphates and on the potash side, I think you've got less of a global buildup in inventories outside of North America. On the second part of the question on North American K shipments, I'm going to turn it over to Andy.
Andy Jung: For North American potash shipments, frankly, we'd see the market as pretty flat, while we show a small decline, that's within the margin for error in our shipment forecast. We expect on-farm demand to remain robust, corn acres likely will be higher, 92 million acres is our current point estimate. So I would look at it more as a flat demand in North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Bria Murphy: This is Bria Murphy on for Joel Jackson. Thanks for taking my question. Just on MicroEssentials, it performed well over the last number of quarters, but you spoke in the past about production limitations there. I know you mentioned in your opening remarks that you're working on addressing these limitations. So if you could elaborate on that? And then how do you expect to continue to drive growth post the patent expiry there? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Let me say, first of all, we produced over 3 million tonnes of MicroEssentials and sold almost 3 million tonnes of MicroEssentials last year, which means we are getting very close to the 3.5 million tonnes of overall capacity. The way we will address that is, we are now looking at debottlenecking opportunities. And as you get close to 85%-90%, which is where we are of existing capacity, seasonality becomes more of an issue, so we are looking at how we can debottleneck and then we will after that look at what would be the next capital investment required to move MicroEssentials up. I'm going to let Karen talk a little bit about the patent and growth after that.
Karen Swager: Joc addressed the growth opportunities potentially debottlenecking to try and get that capacity expanded beyond the 3.5 million tonne capacity today. The other thing that we can do to get beyond the levels we're at is talk about impacting the seasonality for this product, and so we are working on a number of things, moving products into our distribution systems, into storage space to be able to spread out that production and help overcome that seasonality factor and potentially get that operating rate up all the way to its capacity, and then looking at the incremental debottlenecking opportunities. Past the patent expiration, we're continuing to see strong demand and growth in these products and so while patent expiration might be coming up, we still see margins being maintained, price premium being maintained because of the long successful track record of this product. And so we haven't had any margin deterioration, for example.
Joc O'Rourke: Operator, we still have a couple of questions in the queue. And I would like to see us take both of them, if we can, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken: Congratulations, Mike, on your retirement. I just wanted to see your comments on Slide 17 with respect to Chinese phosphate demand and the declines that you've seen, is that something that you think is more structural and will continue to go down or they sort of level off from here? And what does that mean over time? Does that mean that China would just end up producing less. I know you talked about the reduction in exports, but just trying to figure out the whole balance of the Chinese market would be great. And then the second thing is, is there a point in time that is two way for the spring demand to fully recover, in other words the weather forecast has been still pretty dismal here for the next few weeks, like how late can we go in the season before we might start to see some declines in applications? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Mike, I'm going to answer the second one really quickly and hand the first over to Mike. But what I'd say on the first one is, yes, there is always going to be a point where logistics and supply chain may not be able to get enough product into the growing regions fast enough to meet a late spring. And so we could get squeezed a little bit there. But I'm very careful of crying wolf on that one, because I think every year we say that's a possibility. And every year, we find a way to get that product to market. So Mike, Andy, do you want to talk a little bit about Chinese potash and phosphate demand?
Michael Rahm: Sure. Let me start and I'll let Andy opine as well. Yeah, if you look at Chinese phosphate shipments of the high analysis products that they peaked a few years ago at about 22 million tonnes, I believe. They are down closer to 16 million tonnes. So we've had a real significant decline in Chinese phosphate shipments and I think the 22 million tonnes was inflated by the fact that there were concerns going back a few years about the security of supply and then whatnot and they did build some strategic reserves in their system and pipeline inventories or channel inventories were very high. They have worked those down. In fact, we think - we think the channel in China is pretty much completely empty at this point given the deferral that has taken place and we think that 16 million tonne mark that we're forecasting this year is kind of the structural, you know, the correct level and while China is trying to reduce or keep flat their overall nutrient use, we do think there's some substitution of low analysis and the K products and single superphosphates, fused magnesium phosphate that are being produced by these very small plants where there, you know, phosphate mine has been shut down for environmental reasons and so forth. So we do think that even though phosphate use may stabilize or even go down a little bit, we do think the high analysis products will continue to be shipped at a rate of about 16 million metric tonnes per year. Andy any other comments? Okay. Andy says, no.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: Hopefully a quick one for Clint. Clint, the tax rate guidance for 2019 of low to mid 20s looks OK, but you highlighted volatility and you certainly saw that in the fourth quarter. What would swing you to the low end and what would swing you to the high end of your tax rate range for 2019?
Clint Freeland: Well, John, I think, excuse me - I think the thing to keep an eye on is really the earnings mix in 2019. One of the things that drove the volatility in 2018 was not only the earnings mix between Brazil, Canada, and the U.S., but was also some of the adjustments around our valuation allowances, you know, as we became more profitable, particularly in North America, we were able to use more of the foreign tax credits than we expected and so we had to keep changing some of the valuation allowance levels. The valuation allowance for the general basket of those foreign tax credits has now been fully reversed. So I wouldn't expect that to create any volatility in '19. So I think going forward, the thing to watch really is the mix of earnings between Brazil, U.S., and Canada.
Joc O'Rourke: With that, I think we've well and truly used up our hour. So I would like to conclude our call by reiterating a couple of key points. This has been a very strong quarter to cap off a year of accelerating momentum for Mosaic. We are demonstrating the earnings leverage that we've created through business transformation across the company and we are well positioned to create meaningful value in 2019 and beyond. Thank you for joining the call and thank you for your continued interest in Mosaic. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes The Mosaic Company's fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Clint C. Freeland - The Mosaic Co. Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co. Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Oliver S. Rowe - Scotiabank Alexandre Falcao - HSBC Securities USA, Inc. Graeme Welds - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Neil Chandan Sanyal - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Ezekiel Roberts - UBS Securities LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ashish Gupta - Stephens, Inc. Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Patrick Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon. Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Clint Freeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Mosaic's momentum continue to build in the third quarter. Our results reflect improved market conditions as well as the benefits of the many moves we've made to strengthen the company. Our key points today are, first, Mosaic has made tremendous progress. We've transformed our businesses and created significant operational leverage. Second, global potash and phosphate market fundamentals are improving. Demand growth remained strong while supply is materializing slowly. And, third, as a result of our increased operational leverage and improving market conditions, we are optimistic about our future, both near and longer term. We have a road map to generate significant cash and drive strong shareholder returns. For the quarter, Mosaic's net earnings were $247 million compared with $227 million a year ago. Year-to-date, net earnings were $358 million. We delivered earnings per share of $0.64 or $0.75 net of notable items, a year-over-year increase of 78% despite our higher share count. Just one year ago, we announced significant financial and operational moves to position the company for success. We idled our Plant City phosphate operations and indicated we would focus on increasing the efficiency and recovery rate at our remaining phosphate plants. We announced significant increases in our expected transformational targets related to Mosaic Fertilizantes, and we announced our intention to delever the balance sheet by 2020. Since we announced these actions, we have accelerated our progress and created significant earnings leverage as today's results clearly indicate. We reported year-to-date adjusted EBITDA of $1.4 billion. We increased our 2018 synergy expectation from Mosaic Fertilizantes, and we announced we've reached our through-cycle debt-to-EBITDA targets. Overall, good market conditions and robust performance across our three business units are leading to better 2018 results than our initial expectations. Today, we increased our guidance for 2018 annual adjusted EBITDA to a range of $1.9 billion to $2 billion and our adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $1.80 to $2 per share. Let's start with Mosaic Fertilizantes, our business in South America. Year-to-date, in 2018, Mosaic Fertilizantes has delivered adjusted EBITDA of $277 million compared with the pro forma EBITDA of $50 million a year ago. The performance of that business has been helped by excellent Brazilian agricultural market conditions and a weaker Brazilian real. But the key driver of the improved earnings has been our transformation of the business. We are achieving synergies faster than expected and we now expect to reach $140 million to $160 million in net savings in 2018. We also expect to reach our target of $275 million in net savings well before the end of 2020. The transformation of the business and the benefits of our upstream/downstream integration are easily visible, both on the ground in Brazil and in our results. Across our plants and mines, employees are energized and they are bringing innovative ideas to improve our operating efficiency. When we announced the transaction, we expected it to be accretive to earnings. Year-to-date, the acquired business has added $0.11 per share, inclusive of the impact of issuing $1 billion in debt and 34 million shares, but exclusive of the $8 million reserve in the third quarter for the potential of paying out on the contingent portion of the purchase price. Moving onto the phosphate market, which remains relatively tight, prices held steady following a $75 increase over the past year. Margins are under a bit of pressure with raw material prices rising. Still fundamentals are very strong. In fact, our outlook for Phosphates has continued to improve over the past several quarters. Global demand continues to grow and our market analysis team expects another record year for shipments in 2019. Several actions have tightened supply, including the idling of our Plant City facility, slower-than-expected ramp-ups of new facilities, and reduced Chinese export. In 2019, we expect global demand growth to outpace supply additions, requiring higher global operating rates and providing support to prices and margins. The market is feeling a temporary impact from the wet fall in North America. The expectation of an early harvest and in turn an early fall fertilizer application season has not come to fruition. Shifts in agricultural seasons can delay or accelerate demand, but they rarely affect the full-year sales. It is important to remember that this business is seasonal, as well as cyclical. This expected seasonality is reflected in our guidance for the quarter and for the full year. The changes we've made in our phosphate business magnify the impact of these improving market conditions. Transformation is well under way in our Phosphates business unit, which has produced $653 million of year-to-date adjusted EBITDA, up almost twofold compared to the same period a year ago. We have made extensive structural permanent changes to the way we operate, resulting in a much more efficient business for the long term. We said we would run our remaining plant harder and we have, with operating rates up 7% year-over-year. Let's move on to Potash. The potash market is tighter today than it has been in years and prices are moving up as a result. In addition, the discount we saw recently in the U.S. has largely disappeared. Supply disruptions experienced by some of our competitors and the slow ramp-up of new supply, combined with growing global demand, have driven potash prices higher by approximately $60 per tonne over the prior year. The Potash business unit began its transformation before the other segments, as its consistently low cost base demonstrates. The teams at our three world-class potash mines are executing at a very high level, with strong day to day production and like our other business units, excellent safety and environmental performance. At the same time, the ramp-up of Esterhazy K3 continues according to our expectations. As the transition progresses, we will have the ability to drive production costs still lower with an efficient new mine and phasing out of brine management expenses at K1 and K2. In fact, we completed the conveyor belt tie in from the K3 shaft to the K2 mill this summer. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Clint Freeland to discuss current period results and near-term guidance. Clint?
Clint C. Freeland - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. During the third quarter, Mosaic generated $0.64 in fully diluted earnings per share, $0.75 per share after adjusting for notable items; and adjusted EBITDA of $606 million. As noted earlier, these strong results were driven by the combination of continued progress on our cost structure and business transformation initiatives across the company and improved market conditions. With these strong quarterly earnings came strong cash flow from operations at $524 million. As you can see, Mosaic ended the third quarter with just over $1 billion in unrestricted cash, roughly in line with the balance at the end of the second quarter despite paying down $400 million in debt during the quarter, investing $241 million in CapEx, and experiencing a $200 million reversal in customer prepayments in Brazil. Based on the strong financial performance to-date and our outlook for the rest of the year, we are increasing our full year earnings guidance for the third time this year. We now expect the company to generate adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion to $2 billion and adjusted earnings per share $1.80 to $2. In addition to strong year-to-date results, our guidance reflects continued strength into the fourth quarter, albeit with normal seasonality; the accelerated realization of synergies in Brazil, as outlined earlier; and a foreign exchange rate of roughly BRL 3.7 to the U.S. dollar. The primary risk in our fourth quarter outlook is currency-related given the recent volatility of certain currencies, particularly the Brazilian real. That said, as always, we continue to monitor grain and oilseed prices and international trade developments and any impact that they may have on finished fertilizer markets. Mosaic's substantial cash generation over the course of this year has allowed us to pay down $700 million of debt, meeting our deleveraging commitment two years ahead of schedule. While our debt metrics are now more in line with previously-disclosed through-cycle target levels, we are cognizant of the cyclical nature of our industry and the necessity for financial strength and stability through all parts of the cycle. It's important to note the sensitivity of our leverage ratio to prices. For example, a $20 per tonne change in product pricing can move adjusted EBITDA by $340 million and net debt to EBITDA by 0.4 turns. As such, we intend to continue evaluating whether further debt reduction over time as part of a balanced capital allocation program is appropriate. With that said, our capital philosophy has not changed. Our top priority continues to be ensuring a solid long term foundation for the company. We will continue to invest in our core assets to ensure they're safe, reliable, and efficient operation and maintain financial strength and flexibility through prudent balance sheet management. Beyond that, we allocate capital to the highest risk-adjusted return opportunities available to the company while also keeping in mind that a regular return of capital to shareholders is a key element to a balanced and efficient capital allocation program. With that, I'll turn it back to you, Joc, for closing comments.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Clint. We expect to have many opportunities to grow in the years ahead. Of course, there are many factors we keep an eye on. At the moment, we're monitoring the impacts of the recent election in Brazil and the strengthening Brazilian real, as well as Chinese phosphate export volumes. But the cyclical trend for industry is clearly up and Mosaic has earned a very strong position from which to outperform. We have created a highly efficient, low-cost franchise and we are confident that we have the talent and that we will continue to generate the capital necessary to win and grow for the long term. Now, I will take your questions, operator.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Steve Byrne.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. This is Ian Bennett on for Steve. The Ma'aden JV that you have is not really showing up in equity earnings right now. It seems like it was just a small loss. Could you talk a little bit about what your expectation is for operating that facility in terms of when it would hit full production rates and when it would contribute to Mosaic's equity earnings?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thank you, Ian. Welcome. If I'm looking at Ma'aden and our involvement in Ma'aden, I would say, look, our expectations for Ma'aden was that over the long-term, this would be involvement in one of the largest lowest cost phosphate developments in the world. As such, it was not meant to be an early quick return. And, as you know, it's a very large complicated project, and with those, we expect, at least, it will take time for that to ramp up. And so, our expectations – and I think you really need to go to Ma'aden to see the official expectations of their ramp-up, but as we come to full production, that will be a very low-cost producer and we should start to see earnings from it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for having me on the call. So on the K3 mine, can you just maybe provide a little bit more updates there when you expect it to be fully up and running, what that does for your brine costs, and maybe just help clarify the conveyor system from K3 to K1, K2, what's that capacity, I mean, within this near term and then over the longer term? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Good morning, Andrew. So, the K3, in terms of timing, we are on the same schedule we've been on for some time now, which was to integrate K3 – startup K3 and slowly ramp it up to completely take over from K1 and K2 in that 2023 to 2025 timeframe. What is happening today is, as we mentioned earlier, we have just connected the conveyor from K3 to K2 that will allow the startup of commercial production and ramping up of the incremental 1 million tonnes that would go into the K2 and K1 mills. Each of those conveyors will be capable of approximately, let's say, 3 million tonnes of finished product or approximately 9 million tonnes of ore. So, what that allows us to do is, over time, completely reproduce the production from K1 and K2 from K3. Once that is complete, we will decommission K1 and K2, which will eliminate all brine costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson of BMO Capital Markets.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. This is Robin on for Joel. Thanks for taking my question. Can you walk us through the cadence of the guidance reduction for the Phosphates margins in terms of both phosphate and feedstock prices? And how do you expect margins to fare in Q1 2019 and, if you can, into the rest of the year? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sorry, Robin. Could you repeat the start of that question? It was a little unclear on the call.
Robin Fiedler - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Yeah. Sorry. So if you can just walk us through more the cadence of the about $10 per tonne gross margin decline in the Phosphates business in terms of both phosphate pricing and feedstock prices in Q4 and just how you expect that margin to fare in Q1?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Okay. Great. What I'll do here, Robin, is I will hand this to Corrine. But as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there is some margin pressure on – which is normal seasonality at the end of the year and mostly due – more than price due to raw material tightness. One thing I will say though on this is although the margins do tighten, we end up having a small competitive advantage at these prices of ammonia and beyond because most of our ammonia is based on production costing, so that actually helps us against the competitive market. In terms of the Q1 outlook, let me ask Corrine or Mike to give a few comments.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Joc. We are seeing a little bit of a seasonal price pressure on the margin. This is pretty normal factor. We have had a late start to the fall season and although it's been late, now that things have got moving, we're seeing very big volume movements. And so, some of the nervousness in the market that happens at this time seasonally is starting to abate because of the strong movement in the shipments. Some of that margin pressure is a little bit of price compression only in the North American market, which was at a significant premium to the other global markets, as well as a little bit of raw material price increase. The other thing I would say about these seasonal dips that we see for the winter fill time period is that we virtually always see that recover as we get into those spring seasons. So, it's a very temporary seasonal setback. Mike, do you have anything you want to add?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: No. The only thing I would add is if you look at the seasonal pattern, I mean margins in Q4 have dropped in five of the last five years and they've rebounded in four of the last five years by more than the seasonal drop in the fourth quarter. So, yeah, I would term this just a normal seasonal adjustment in margins.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Mike, do you want to just give a little color on the market going forward in through Q1 and beyond in terms of the tightness of the phosphate market?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. If you look at our supply and demand for 2019, we see decent growth. I'll start on the demand side. We're looking at about 1.8% or 1.2 million metric tonnes of additional demand in 2019. And that should start, I think, in a normal seasonal way as far as positioning for the Southern Hemisphere crop and the Northern Hemisphere crop. And what's interesting, if you look on the supply side, we see several puts and takes there. We expect that on the negative side, we're seeing a couple of shutdowns in the U.S. or in North America with the Redwater plant and the Geismar plant. We are seeing some incremental capacity come on in terms of a continued ramp-up of the Ma'aden joint venture, the Jorf Phosphate Hub number IV, as well as some smaller plants coming on stream in Turkey and Egypt. So, we've put all that together and when you add up the changes in demand versus the changes in supply, we still come up with roughly a balance not taking into account any changes in China. And our assessment is that we could see a 0.5 million tonne to 1 million tonne or more decline in Chinese exports. So, what we see is another period much like this year where the phosphate market remains in deficit. And what we're saying there is that the world doesn't run out of phosphate, but you see pipelines get drawn down. You maybe see a little bit of demand curved on the edges in some markets and you do see existing producers probably squeezing out a few more tonnes to reach an equilibrium in the market.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson.
Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. This is Jake Lacks on for Don. On capital deployment, can I say your debt pay down target should be a reflection of cash flow next year (00:22:17) prices are today. Can you kind of give a little more color on your priorities there?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Jake. Well, I'm going to talk a little bit and maybe hand this over to Clint to talk some more and give us some more color. But to summarize, with the impact of our business improvements, obviously, the impact of our Brazil acquisition and improved market conditions, this year, we've been able to generate approximately $1.2 billion of operating cash flow, which really highlights just the kind of earnings power we've created in this business. This, as you mentioned, has allowed us to pay down the $700 million of term loans well ahead of our target, as a matter of fact, over two years ahead of our schedule. So, this has put us in a position to really review our overall capital allocation philosophy and targets. So let me hand it over to Clint just to give a little more color on how we've been thinking about our capital philosophy going forward.
Clint C. Freeland - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. Hi, Jake. So, I think when it comes to allocating capital, as we've talked about before, our first priority is ensuring that the company has a really solid financial and operational foundation, making sure that the company's leverage profile and liquidity position is where it should be to remain strong and flexible through the cycle. I think it's also important to invest appropriately to maintain the safe and efficient operation of our core assets. Now, beyond that, I would look to and I think we would look to allocate capital to the highest risk-adjusted return opportunities available to us. We also pay a common dividend on our stock. And while it's fairly modest at this point, we do think it's an important part of a balanced allocation program and we'll continue to evaluate what that payout looks like over time. I think, going forward, when we expect earnings and cash flow to be strong, I would expect to see a balanced capital allocation program where we continue to strengthen the balance sheet, invest to grow the business and provide a regular return of capital to our shareholders. So I think that's how we tend to think about capital allocation and try to prioritize our program.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks Clint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Two questions. Why do you think Chinese phosphate exports will decrease another 0.5 million tonnes next year, that is what's behind it? And in terms of your cash flows, your receivables jumped up a couple of hundred million dollars sequentially, so did your payables. What's behind that? And how did the $200 million reversal of Brazilian prepayments flow through? Was that a benefit or not a benefit? What line did that touch?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sorry, Jeff. Got the mic.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: First of all, let's talk about Chinese exports and what we think of Chinese exports, and I'm going to leave this to Corrine to really talk about. But at a high level, we do see active things by the Chinese government to reduce both water and air pollution and particularly to reduce pollution along the Yangtze River. And those are now starting to take effect and they're increasing the cost to produce phosphates in China but also reducing the overall availability of Chinese phosphate. So, with that, let me hand that one to Corrine, and I will come back to the cash flow question.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. We are seeing a decrease in Chinese export. While we've seen a small increase year-to-date, January through September, in those DAP exports, the MAP exports are off very significantly, about 23%. And that really is a result of what Joc was talking about with the environmental pressures happening on producers. There are a number of things happening in the environmental area, and that's what we've been talking about for a while on Chinese exports. The first is that there are taxes that have been levied against the producers that are adding $10 to $15 a tonne in their operating costs because they have to pay tax against the environmental pollution. The second thing that's happening is higher operating costs, so there is a significant reduction in rock mining because the government has disallowed mining in some environmentally sensitive areas. And so, the Chinese National Bureau of Statistics reports that phosphate rock mining is down 30% through September. So, you have producers that used to be integrated with the rock mines are now nonintegrated producers having to purchase rock from others and rock prices are up significantly. We're also starting to see the start of rock imports into China, indicating a shortage of that raw material. And then lastly, I would say, there are significant capital costs at risk here as well. You've got plants that are within the 1 mile region on the Yangtze River are being forced to relocate and some that are a little farther out from 1 mile are being told that they have significant capital they have to spend to manage their gypsum differently and handle other environmental pollutions differently. So, we believe – and the timing on those changes and those plant relocations is by the end of 2019 and then some by the end of 2020 for the capital investment. So, we really believe that there will be a watershed year here in 2019, 2020 on the environmental impacts affecting these Chinese producers and we expect exports will be down. Again, we're carefully watching these exports, and if you take a rolling 12-month look at exports, they are down about 11%. Mike, anything you want to add?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Well, yeah, I'd highlight that the rolling 12 months total on September 30th was down I think 1.17 million tonnes from September 30, 2017. So, there has been a substantial decrease. If there are other questions later on, maybe we can come back and talk about a specific example.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good. Jeff, well, I'm going to leave that one there. Obviously, the bottom line is what we're seeing is we're seeing stuff on the ground, and these higher prices are driving probably some higher utilization and plants may not necessarily have otherwise been running at this time. Now, we're going to move on to the question – I'm just going to rephrase this a little bit to make sure I've got it right. But if I heard you correctly, cash flow from receivables is actually up by two months this year and you were asking us to clarify what is the impact of the Brazil prepayments on our cash position. I'm going to hand that straight over to Clint who, I think, has a pretty good understanding of what you're trying to get.
Clint C. Freeland - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. So, I'll start with the Brazilian prepayments. Those prepayments, at the end of the second quarter, were about $500 million in cash, and where you see that on the balance sheet is in the cash balance and in our payables. And when that reverses, what you have is it almost gets transferred from the balance sheet, goes to the income statement where that $200 million reduction in prepayments comes out of the cash balance and then flows through your P&L. And then, to the extent that you have no margin on those sales, which obviously you do, that would then come back for the cash flow statement onto your balance sheet. And so, net-net, you'll have a reduction in overall cash balance for those prepayments, but not the full $200 million because you'll end up with the margin on your balance sheet. I think the other part of your question was around receivable and payable balances, and one of the things that I would – I assume that you're looking at our balance sheet. Recall that we closed on our acquisition on, I believe, January 8th. And so, the effect of the acquisition and bringing the working capital balances onto the balance sheet is part of that delta. As you look at the quarter, in particular, I would say that from a receivables standpoint, we had pretty high sales in September in North America, in particular. And so, that would have been booked into receivables that should again turn in the fourth quarter. So, that would be the story around receivables. I think payables, nothing really out of the ordinary there. I think it's just a matter of timing of various accruals and other things throughout the year. So, I would say, nothing of particular note there.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thank you, Clint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson.
Oliver S. Rowe - Scotiabank: Oh, yes. It's Oliver Rowe on for Ben. Thanks for taking my question. So, looking at your phosphate shipment outlook on slide 18, you have a meaningful increase in shipments to India in 2019. Do you not expect any demand destruction from India's rupee depreciating, rising phosphoric acid prices and the higher MRPs which are all impacting affordability? Maybe to put that another way, if the currency were to revert and/or the MRPs dropped, would there be further upside to your demand estimate for India?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Oliver. I'm going to mostly hand this to Corrine, but let me make just a general statement. And India probably is the most sensitive to this. But in any situation, and next year, I believe, is a situation where we're going to be somewhat supply-constrained in terms of growth. I think, then, at some point, you do have to ration ultimate supply. And so the least affordable markets will have to ration their growth. And I think that is something that could happen depending on price movements in India, but it will only be because of those price movements. So there's obviously some sensitivity to both currency and prices in a market where their product is not sold on the international market but sold at a controlled price in country. Corrine, do you want to talk about that a little bit, please?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. I think there's a couple things that we're watching very closely here. And we have been looking to see if there's any evidence of demand destruction, and we aren't seeing it yet today. It is sensitive to currency changes. All of those seem to have stabilized. And they have adjusted their MRPs several times throughout the year. And at each level, we're continuing to see farmer purchasing. And so, as of today, it looks like we are continuing to not – we're not seeing demand destruction. We're continuing to see strong demand for phosphates. We also have an increase in the 2019 shipments because you've seen a relatively significant reduction in the domestic production and operating rates with the domestic producers, and that needs to be made up with some import volume.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Corrine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Falcao.
Alexandre Falcao - HSBC Securities USA, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. My question is regarding Brazil. What made you increase the targets and synergy there? And you said that you're monitoring the new government. There is a massive shift in the currency from BRL 4.50 to BRL 3.70 now. I just want to understand the impacts of that going forward for you and I know you guys have a very complex hedging policy and what you're exposed, were you long of the currency there or short of the currency there? I just wanted to understand what that effect is going to have going forward? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Alex, thank you. So, let me hit this in order. If I've got it, there's sort of three aspects here I just want to hit. First of all, let's talk about the election of Mr. Bolsonaro. Bolsonaro ran on a pro-business, pro-agricultural campaign. In fact, Bolsonaro was officially endorsed by the Agricultural Parliamentary Group during the elections. So, that is a positive from an agricultural perspective. However, in Brazil, to make things happen, you really have to build coalitions so it's a little early to see. The one thing I will say, however, though, is his first appointees, including his nominee for justice minister, Sergio Moro, and his nominee for finance minister, Paulo Guedes, have both been very well received, and I believe those bode well for his success which we look forward to. The second question you asked was about the synergies, and what I would say there is what we had was a Brazil team that really took this on and has done a very good job of going after synergies and improvement, which has put us in a position to achieve more than the $100 million that we originally thought we'd achieve this year, matter of fact, our $140 million to $160 million, but also puts us ahead of schedule to achieve our total $275 million of synergies we ultimately expect to achieve from that business. In terms of the currency and the hedging, I really think there's enough detail there that I should hand that over to Clint to talk a little bit about our strategy.
Clint C. Freeland - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Hi. Thanks, Joc. So, I think from a currency hedging standpoint, we typically hedge on a rolling three-month basis to the extent that we are along the BRL. And so, when you have at least short-term volatility in the BRL, we should generally be hedged against that. Longer term, we do also hedge against some of our BRL expenses. If you recall, a lot of our revenues there are dollar-based and our expenses are BRL-based. And so, what we try to do is to have again kind of a rolling program over time that at least allows us to navigate some of the shorter term volatility, but I think longer term you are a little more subject to the currency fluctuations that you see again over time.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Clint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson.
Graeme Welds - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: This is Graeme Welds on for Chris. I was just wondering about the volume guidance on both kind of the Phosphates and the Potash side, where on the Phosphates side, it looks like you took it down a little bit and I think at the beginning of the call you spoke about some seasonal factors particularly in North America maybe influencing that. I was wondering if you could give any color on the composition of what that volume outlook looks like in terms of that map versus MicroEssentials, etcetera. And then on the Potash side, a similar question where your volumes appear to be quite strong. I'm just curious where you're seeing kind of most of that strength heading into 4Q. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thank you, Graeme. I'm going to hand this over to Corrine, but let me start with the volume guidance for Potash. Clearly, with the strength and the tightness of the potash market globally, we're seeing good international demand right now which is more than offset the slight seasonal weakness you might have expected at the end of the normal North American season. In terms of Phosphates guidance, the volume drop there is normal seasonality that's probably driven mostly by the completion of the biggest season in Brazil and the end of the North American fall application season. Corrine, do you want to make a few comments?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Not a lot to add there, Joc. I completely agree on the Potash side. We have big shipments going on and good volume expected in the fourth quarter. The only limitation really is going to be just getting all of those logistics to get that volume moved and the Phosphates guidance issue is largely that winter fill season, do we end the fall season and the peak fall season with a strong winter fill program that moves into December or does it really move into that January time period? And we're forecasting a normal amount of winter fill activity for December rather than, well, last year was an exceptionally large winter fill early in December.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Corrine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys. I'm trying to make sense of your Q4 guidance. So, yeah, your Phosphates guidance is down, but your Potash guidance is up, and then your Vale Fertilizantes is down. If I tally them all up, I end up with about a $0.10 reduction, which is usually – well, what you usually get in Q4. And yet your implied guidance for EPS in Q4 is minus $0.20 or so. Am I missing something or are you being conservative, or how should we think about that?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sorry, Jonas. We're looking at each other to try and understand if we can – as you know, we don't actually give EPS guidance on a division by division thing. I'm not sure I know how to answer that. I'm going to hand it to Clint to see what he can.
Clint C. Freeland - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Jonas, I would maybe suggest that we take it offline and provide you some clarity. I think we're having a little somewhat of a challenge kind of understanding and answering your question right now, but I think we can follow up with you if that's okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. A lot of ground's covered. Just on the Potash side, your guidance for next year on shipments, can you talk about your supply outlook? What's the assumption of incremental capacity coming from K+S, from EuroChem closures and the rest of the world? And is there any assumption or early kind of view that Canadian production ex-K+S would be up in any material amount in 2019? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Adam. Sure. We'll give you – I'll get Mike to give you an overall look at the S&D. The one thing you just asked that I would like to highlight, I think our view is over the next five years, one of the things that will happen is the output of the North American suppliers ex-K+S will actually increase as the other supply is used up and the market gets tighter. Really, the only excess capacity out there today sits with the big two North American suppliers. And so, with that, I expect the utilization rate by those two might well increase in the next few years. Mike, do you want to just give a quick highlight of the S&D?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. We actually published this in the non-deal roadshow report that is on the website. There's detail in terms of our changes in the S&D. And in terms of – let me just talk a little bit about 2018 first and how that carries over. But when we look at – there's been a series of either call it supply disruptions or supply changes that have probably taken a good 0.5 million tonnes out of the market. So, as you know, the ICL closed their Boulby mine midyear. SQM is maximizing the amount of lithium they produce versus potassium chloride. K+S had production problems at its Werra Complex with low water levels in adjoining rivers, and so forth. So, you add that up, there's about 500,000 tonnes of lost production. Next year when we look at this, K+S is going to close their Sigmundshall mine, which is probably 450,000 tonnes. The Boulby mine produced half of this year, so there'll be another half of year loss there. So, when we add up 1.2 million or 1.1 million tonnes of demand growth, coupled with the supply changes that we see, we show a deficit of about 0.5 million tonnes. And, again, as we said, for phosphate, we're not expecting the world to run out of potash anytime soon, but we do think that implies that pipeline inventories worldwide get drawn down to very low levels and that prices remain elevated enough to bring supply and demand into equilibrium.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews.
Neil Chandan Sanyal - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Neil calling in for Vincent. A couple of questions on Mosaic Fertilizantes. You accelerated the 2018 synergy capture, but it seems that the gross margin per tonne for the segment is being guided down a bit sequentially to $40 per metric tonne at the midpoint versus $42 at 3Q. So, what is driving that? And then, second, total synergies were kept flat at $275 million. Is there still an opportunity for additional upside for that number?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Neil, thanks. Well, first of all, let me talk about the Fertilizantes margin for the fourth quarter. That is almost exclusively driven by change of FX. There has been a strengthening of the Brazilian real particularly after the election of Bolsonaro and whether that holds or not, but it has been – given us a short term expectation of a stronger real there. In terms of the synergies, we made a conscious decision not to increase synergies beyond $275 million. And the reason for that was, in our investment thesis which we brought out last year, we said $275 million was the amount we expected to gain by the combination of the two businesses. We fully expect that we will set goals for business improvement beyond that, but we do not believe they are necessarily something that we should call synergies after the original combination of those two businesses. So for that reason, we have looked at this as being a milestone that we're going to leave as it is. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts.
John Ezekiel Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. In Brazil, does the increase in acreage and the shift to soy present any logistical challenges for you to meet demand? Do you have any constraints down there in Brazil given the shift going on?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, John. Look, one of the huge advantages we have in Brazil is our distribution business is well positioned in all of the major agricultural areas of the country and we support and supply farmers for a number of crops. And when we combine that with a production business that is right there as well in the main growing regions, we think we are actually the best positioned to serve the growing soybean market in Brazil, and whether its soybeans, corn or coffee, sugarcane, we believe our distribution business and our new production business are well-positioned to serve those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar. And your line is open, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hello. Can you hear me? Sorry.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Hi, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. Can you talk about Plant City operations? Is it safe to assume that that plant is down and probably will come back again? And then, secondly, what is your demand expectation for North America given record crop this year which means record nutrient removal from the ground? And also, the shift from soy to corn, that should add some demand for fertilizers here in North America. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Well, let me talk about Plant City. At this stage on Plant City – sorry. Thanks, PJ. Let me let me start with Plant City, but Plant City, we're gathering information and we're in active discussions with both the federal and state regulators right now. And we will be in a position before year-end to make a decision on Plant City going forward and that's consistent with where we've been before. And we're really not able to talk about that until those decisions are fully vetted and made. In terms of North American demand, I think the simple answer – and Corrine and I were just on a North American customer tour a couple of weeks ago, and what I would say there is you have it absolutely right. The record crops are removing more and more fertilizer from the ground and that is – meaning that there is an increasing need to replace that fertilizer. So, while we don't expect huge growth rates in North America we do see that market as solid. And now, as the crops continue to grow, we expect a good demand. The other aspect of it as we saw in this marketing trip was the move towards precision agriculture rather than hurting the demand for fertilizer is probably helping the demand for fertilizer because people are putting the right amount of crop nutrients in the right places, and that is really helping both the demand and the usage of that fertilizer. Corrine, do you want to touch on anything else?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. The only thing I would add, so we've got our forecasted shipments for North America for Phosphates for 2018 at about 10.2 million tonnes and in 2019 range is 9.8 million tonnes to 10.1 million tonnes so, very similar. I think, in 2018, what you saw was a little bit of a front-end building of the shipments. After we announced that Plant City closure, people were pretty optimistic about where prices would go and they started loading up a little heavier than a normal shipment. But we expect it to be relatively flat. A little bit the same on the Potash side, there was just a little bit of that inventory build. Mike, do you want to add?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: No, I guess, the only thing I would add is that, as we said before, both the agronomic and the economic demand drivers remain strong. We've talked about the big withdrawals. But, I think, the another important factor is if you look at new crop prices for corn, soybeans and wheat despite, I think, the perception that things have really changed, if you look at where they're at today versus the last three years, corn prices are kind of at the top of that three-year range, wheat prices are above the three-year range and soybean prices are kind of right in the middle. So, the signals that farmers are getting today are no different than what they have been for the last three years, and that combined with the need to replace nutrients taken out, I think bodes well for the demand outlook for next year.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. And I'll just end by saying your final question was about the soy to corn shift. That has a big impact on nitrogen demand. But for us, both of those are great crops and we're pretty agnostic as to which crop is growing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly.
Ashish Gupta - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. It's Ashish for Mark. Beyond the Vale assets, you also picked up the port and warehouse assets in the north from ADM. How have those assets changed your competitive position in Brazil and affected your freight situation?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Ashish. Look, the port position in TIPLAM in particular, I think, is what you're referring to, what that has been able to do for us is now as an importer, we have access to two of very good ports, one in Paranaguá state and the one at TIPLAM. And if you think about Brazil and infrastructure in Brazil, one of the key competitive advantages or one of the key competitive issues is access to infrastructure, particularly port infrastructure. So, it is a major importer of both finished product but also raw materials. This really helps us better run our upstream and downstream businesses. And if you look at our statements on synergies, a big piece of the synergies or at least a piece of the synergies has certainly been associated with the upstream and downstream benefits of this infrastructure that we've added.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Most of my questions have been answered, but just wanted to sort of get a sense, you guys mentioned on the prepared remarks that you're seeing some of your competitors tight on potash supply right now. Were you referring to the ramp-ups of some of the future capacity or were you referring to existing competitors, and what does that meant in terms of the amount of time that you have booked maybe in some of those China and India contracts? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Look, I think it's both. Certainly, the new suppliers have been slower to come up than one would have expected or one might have might have expected. But also, there has been shutdowns in terms of ICL's ability, as an example, and there has been a refocus in terms of SQM's operations focusing more on lithium and moving away from potash. And then, of course, there's been environmental issues in Germany that have also impacted supply and even some possible Russian supply which we're not clear on what that – whether it has or has not. But I mean what we're seeing experientially is a tighter market than we have had previously and that's obviously being reflected in shipment volumes for us and Canpotex, as well as price movement.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Duffy Fischer.
Patrick Fischer - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes. Good morning. Question around the capital. So you called out that your debt is now down through the cycle level you need. I was unclear, does that mean you still want to pay down a little bit now or maybe at some future point you would decide to pay down a little bit more as we move maybe to a rollover and towards a trough? And then, on the capital allocation side, you talked about the risk adjustment you make. Could you maybe just highlight if you looked at, say, Fertilizantes versus a stock buyback, what would be the delta in the return that you would need or the risk rate that you would use in those types of investments?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Duffy. Well, let me first highlight. We set a near-term target of paying down $700 million and returning to a debt ratio of below 2.5:1. Now, that's been achieved. As we look the longer term, we are not only looking at what the instantaneous debt ratio is, but how are we positioned throughout the cycle, so not only at the middle of the cycle or the top of the cycle, but also how would we be positioned at the bottom of the cycle. So, we really want to think that through carefully and how we're going to address that before we take any steps to either pay down more or not pay down more debt. In terms of your question on the risk reduction, rather than hand this to Clint, which I could do, I think what I would say is we would look at share repurchases as being a cost of capital return to shareholders as opposed to an investment of some sort. In terms of the risk-adjusted rate of return, we would have to look at currency risks, geographic risks, technical risks, etcetera, and then say how much above the cost of capital does that have to be for it to be an intelligent investment for us to make.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: So, with that, I would like to thank everybody who's been on the call. But I would like to emphasize before we leave a couple of our key messages. First, Mosaic has made tremendous progress. We've transformed our business and created substantial earnings potential. Secondly, our Phosphates and Potash market fundamentals have continued to be constructive. And third, we're highly optimistic about both the short- and long-term. Simply put, we've created an efficient franchise that is generating strong returns and we expect our momentum to continue to grow. Thank you for joining the call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co. Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co. Mark J. Isaacson - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital, Inc. Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to yesterday's form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. I would like to start by welcoming Clint Freeland, Mosaic's new CFO, to the call. Clint has been with us a couple of months now and he is fully immersed in the business. Our results for the quarter reflect continuing improvements in business conditions as well as meaningful benefits of our many strategic moves, including the acquisition of Vale Fertilizantes and the transformation of our cost base across the company. We would like you to take away three key messages from this call. First, Mosaic is generating strong cash flow, demonstrating both the resilience of our business and the earnings leverage we created. Second, we expect to deliver strong results for the remainder of 2018. And third, phosphates and potash markets continue to strengthen, and we believe they will remain firm. For the quarter, net earnings were $68 million, or $0.18 per share. After adjusting for notable items, primarily non-cash items related to foreign currency changes, Mosaic earned $0.40 per share on sales of $2.2 billion, up both sequentially and year-over-year. We have also raised both the full-year adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share guidance. I'll begin with brief observations on the market, starting with phosphates. If we look back a year or two, 2018 was expected to be a tough year for phosphates with several new production facilities coming online around the world and demand struggling to absorb the new production. What we're seeing today is a relatively tight phosphate market with strong demand offsetting the gradual ramp-up of new supply. It is worth noting that new greenfield projects take a long time to reach full production capacity. That includes our joint venture with Ma'aden in Saudi Arabia as it gradually works towards its stated capacity of 3 million tonnes annually. In addition, Mosaic's idling of Plant City and ongoing restructuring of the Chinese industry have further tightened the S&D with phosphate industry stripping margins now at their highest point in four years. That obviously is great for Mosaic, especially considering the 4.5 million tonnes of phosphate production capacity included in our recent acquisition in Brazil. Mosaic's global network of analysts expects global phosphate demand to reach another new record next year, with 70 million to 72 million tonnes of shipments predicted. New supply will continue to gradually come into the market at a pace we expect will be challenged to keep up with growing demand. As a result, we expect the phosphate market momentum to continue into 2019. In potash, the global supply and demand picture remains balanced and the prices are holding up well. Potash demand and producer shipments through the first half of 2018 continued a strong pace following last year's record-setting numbers. Despite the recent drop in agricultural commodity prices, nutrients remain affordable and farmers are replenishing depleted soils after several back to back large crops. As we look ahead, we believe demand growth will be in balance with the new product that is coming to market over the next several years. We are keeping our eye on a couple of factors. First, Chinese phosphate experts have fallen year-to-date, in part because of new environmental restrictions on industrial facilities in China. But as market prices and stripping margins rise and the Chinese currency weakens, producers there may respond by resuming higher export levels. Longer term, we continue to expect high cost Chinese producers to balance the market, which is a positive for Mosaic as a vertically-integrated producer. Second, agricultural commodity prices are in flux. While we will continue to closely monitor these developments and assess their potential impact on global P&K shipments, at this point, however, demand prospects look strong in our two key geographies. Soybean economics are highly profitable in Brazil due to weaker reais and a record local basis. In North America, farmers are expected to harvest another large crop about a month earlier than normal, and that means they will have ample time to replenish the record amounts of P&K taken out of the field this fall. Now, I'll move on and provide some insight into our business segments. First, in the phosphates business unit, we generated gross margin of $67 per tonne, or $70 per tonne after notable items, more than double the same quarter a year ago. Margins obviously benefited from higher market prices for our product. Just as important, though, is the progress we are making towards transforming this business unit. As an example, even with a significantly higher percentage of Miski Mayo rock consumed during the quarter, our phosphate rock costs remain below $60 per tonne. In addition, we had record quarterly sales of our MicroEssentials premium products. During the quarter, our margins were negatively impacted by costs associated with a once-every-five-year turnaround of our molten sulfur barge, as well as higher sulfur costs from using more prilled sulfur. These higher sulfur costs are expected to carry into the third quarter. In the potash business unit, our gross margins improved sequentially with higher sales volumes offsetting the cost impact of weather-related logistics issues at the beginning of the year. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we experienced containment issues during the first quarter, and that impact flowed through the P&L during the second quarter. Production cost during the second quarter remained very well controlled, and prices inched higher which bodes well for our profitability for the remainder of the year. As a reminder, we will undergo several typical maintenance turnarounds during the third quarter which is embedded in our assumptions and our guidance. We continue to make good progress at K3. We recently commissioned the overland conveyor and it will soon be tied into the K2 mill. All facilities are now in place to enter the production phase later this year. We plan to provide a more in-depth update on K3 at our next earnings call. Longer term, we expect to continue to drive unit cost down as we ramp up our Esterhazy K3 mine and eventually eliminate brine management costs at K2. Mosaic Fertilizantes, our business in Brazil and Paraguay is also performing well. The previously published pro-formas showed the business was about breakeven on an adjusted EBITDA basis during the second quarter of last year. This year we generated $55 million of adjusted EBTIDA. Some of the improvement came from favorable currency exchange rates and higher phosphate prices. But much of the improvement resulted from the work we are doing to transform the business. Our results in Brazil for the second quarter were negatively impacted by almost $40 million for both planned turnarounds and the nationwide truckers' strike in May. As a result of the strike, we idled production and lost shipment volumes, which caused us to miss our volume guidance for the quarter. In total, we estimate the strike lowered adjusted earnings by approximately $11 million before tax. We are continuing to monitor the situation closely as the government and the truckers work to find a more lasting resolution. Regardless, we believe our position at the low end of the delivered cost curve gives us a competitive advantage in Brazil. The teams in Brazil are well ahead of schedule to achieve $100 million in net savings this year and $275 million by the end of 2020. They are executing several hundred projects from labor efficiencies to mine process improvements and increased chemical plant throughput. Year-to-date, $56 million of gross synergies, or $34 million after cost to achieve have hit the bottom line. As an example, we are pleased to see that costs at our Tapira mine have already been reduced by almost 30% on a reais basis. While we believe it is likely we will achieve net synergies in excess of $100 million in 2018, there is still much to be done. One of the key risks we continue to watch is the implementation of the government's published minimum freight rates. The entire Brazil team is energized and employee morale is very high as Clint and I saw firsthand during a recent visit. It is worth reminding you that Brazil remains an extremely attractive agricultural market. Brazil is expected to surpass the United States in total soybean production for the first time this year and the market needs fit well with Mosaic's product mix. Brazil's primary crop of soybeans needs high levels of phosphate and potash. A final point on Brazil. The weak Brazilian reais was a modest net benefit to us during the quarter. The benefit of currency devaluation are delayed as the changes impact the cost of production which are recognized when the product is sold. In addition, a proportion of these costs are hedged. In addition, we are close to fully hedged on the reais-based cash and net receivables on our Brazilian balance sheet. Now, a note on capital. Our strong business performance in Brazilian customer prepayments are driving good cash flow. For the quarter, we generated close to $600 million in free cash flow. We are using some of our cash to pay down debt and work towards returning to our through cycle leverage ratio targets. In fact, with an additional $200 million of debt retired already in the third quarter, we have already achieved our target of paying down $500 million by the end of 2018. Our capital priorities have not changed. We seek to maintain a strong balance sheet and sustain our assets, and then we assess the best use of remaining capital given the opportunities we see, including investments and shareholder returns. In total, we are pleased with Mosaic's performance for the quarter. We are optimistic that we will deliver strong results for the remainder of 2018. Markets are strengthening and our execution is generating real financial benefits. That's why we now expect to be in the $1.8 billion to $1.95 billion range for adjusted EBITDA and in the $1.45 to $1.80 per share range for adjusted EPS this year. We have built a resilient business, and our many strategic moves position Mosaic to generate attractive returns as this market continues to improve. Now, we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Joc, you mentioned the higher stripping margins potentially helping sort of keep some of Chinese capacity in the export market. How do you think about that vis-à-vis your capability to bring back Plant City which would, in theory, probably temper China's exports? So, obviously curtailing Plant City has had great impact on the market – very positive impact on the market, but how do you counterbalance that with maybe the Chinese capacity not going away as fast as we thought?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Good morning. And, Vincent, good to hear from you. Well, let me start by just giving you a little bit of our thoughts on Plant City, and I'm going to hand it to Corrine to just talk a little bit about some of these changes in China. And we do believe that with these higher prices, the changes will occur a little slower. We'll see higher utilization of some of the better environmental-performing plants and the less expensive plants. But overall, I think we believe the trend is definitely that China will slowly decrease their exports. In terms of Plant City, the criteria for Plant City review has really not changed from last year. As you say, the thinking behind idling Plant City in the first place came from expecting to offset some of the new production that was coming on. Clearly that new production has come on a little slower than we would have expected or might have been predicted, but at the same time, we still fully expect that production will come on in the next couple of years. Some of that will be offset by growth in the market, but we also believe some of that is offset by our own reduction in capacity. So, with that, Corrine, is there anything you want to say about the Chinese market?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. We still are seeing a lot of discussion about the environmental protection mandate that we've seen around the Yangtze River. The situation is still evolving, and our local team has been doing a lot of work to try and get updates for us regularly. They are reporting reduced rock production at some of the mines and increased cost related to the gypsum disposal and some producers are having real proximity challenges. They're too close to the river and they're being threatened with either closures or relocation to get a little more distance. So, that economic pressure in total on these producers is really starting to add up. We're seeing their cost structure go up and they're having to fully cover their costs and that's part of why you're seeing these higher asking prices on their offers for exports. If you look at DAP, MAP and triple exports, they are down for the first six months of the year modestly, about 4% down. But it is starting to take effect. All that said, of course, with these strong stripping margins, it is really difficult to anticipate the pace of the restructuring. But like Joc said, in the long run, we anticipate you're going to have really a smaller but financially healthier Chinese industry in the long run.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And so let me just reiterate. Our criteria for restarting Plant City will be a real perceived longer term need for that product in the market. We don't see that today but that may change in the future.
Operator: Our next question.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Next question?
Operator: Okay sir. Our next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. A two-part question on Mosaic Fertilizantes if you don't mind. First is just first impressions, I know you've been down there for six months and kind of what's your next steps here? The second is a little bit more math. In your Q1 earnings, you talked about one-third of the realized synergies in the first half and two-thirds in the second half. Now, you're saying $56 million so far. Does that mean we have another $112 million in the second half or how should I think about that?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. I'll come back to the math in a second here, Jonas, by the way, good morning. Thank you.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Morning.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. First impressions of Mosaic Fertilizantes, I think our first impressions have been that the opportunities were at least as good or better than what we had hoped for. We've seen an extremely energized team. Probably, the most encouraging perspective from my point of view is how energized the new Mosaic employees are about making the changes and really becoming part of the Mosaic team. They're very excited about being part of a group that's focused on crop nutrition and delivery of crop nutrition. So, that's really encouraging. As you kind of indicate, our synergy capture has been at least as good or better than what we could have hoped for. So now let me come back to the Q1 earnings question in terms of – or, sorry, the synergy question. First half of the year, yes, we have $56 million of gross synergies. Net of cost to achieve though, we're more like $34 million, and we said we would achieve $100 million including net of the cost to achieve. So, two-thirds of the next year, we have or next quarter, we have to achieve about $66 million to the bottom line. And we're certainly running at a rate that will give us that. And then, we're encouraged that we might do better than that. We're running at a very good run rate and we will be very well positioned not only for achieving the $100 million but going into 2019 in a very good position to achieve the $175 million.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. It's really a two-part question. In your China phosphate export data, what you show is DAP up about 10%, but MAP down by about a third and TSP is also up. What do you make of the decrease in MAP shipments but the increase in DAP shipments? And secondly, in the third quarter in your Brazilian operations, are there more turnaround costs or trucking issues or other cost inflation that you might note that would carry over from the second quarter?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Well, thanks, Jeff. I'm going to hand the China question over to Mike, but let me comment a little bit about the – particularly the risks in the third quarter. Certainly, most of the turnarounds were in the second quarter, as we head into the main fertilizer season we need our plants to be running well and be in good shape, which is why we take the turnarounds outside of the quarter. In terms of the trucking issues, the big issue there from our perspective is that the strike that started, it really impacted second quarter and it will probably come a little bit into third quarter because of cost of goods, but we've certainly covered that in our guidance. The biggest area of concern there is while the trucking tables have been implemented by the government, a lot of people believe that it is unconstitutional and anti-competitive. So, they don't believe that that was implemented correctly. So, the government is yet to find really what we'd call a workable solution there. So, the main exposure is from product sales, which include freight, and that we entered into before the strike. Now, in these cases, we still have uncertainty and don't have the kind of clarity we need for the implementation of that freight rate table. So, there is unknown exposure there which we have incorporated into our guidance. However, there is also the risk because there is a lack of a clear resolution. There's always a risk of further disruption by the truckers. We don't think that's likely. But we do believe it is a risk and it's one risk that we can't really plan for because it is obviously an unknown. Hopefully, that helps. But generally, the biggest risk to Brazil right now, we've got a good book of sales on. It's just execution and making sure that that trucking works.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Oh and sorry, China. Let me hand that straight to Mike. I think he's got a pretty good handle on the S&Ds.
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Good morning, Jeff. I think the numbers that you see in the first half are really indicative of the changes that we expect to accelerate in China over the next several years. One, the increase in DAP imports is driven largely by strong demand in India or a rebound in Indian imports this year, and that is being supplied by typically large integrated players who have more modern plants that are not located on the river and the like. The big drop in MAP production really reflects some of the economics of the non-integrated players that are mostly along the river where, as Corrine mentioned before, they're incurring higher costs and more stringent environmental regulations that are difficult to comply with. And as a result, we're seeing a 33% reduction in exports there. So, bottom line, I think it's just indicative of things to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Ian Bennett on for Steve. Following up on the back of Jeff's question, it seems that not only China is exporting less MAP, but also your largest competitor in OCP is exporting less MAP and more DAP. Can you comment on your price realizations across DAP and MAP, how those have progressed in the first half of the year and the ability to switch production, as well as if you think those markets will remain in similar pricing levels or there will be any divergences? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Ian. I'm going to hand this over to Corrine to talk about the price differences between MAP and DAP and some of those progressions. What I will say, however, is from a production perspective we have a strong ability to produce the products that the market needs. So, we're driven more by market demand than we are about the ability to produce one or the other. So, we're switching those products all the time to better serve the market. Corrine, do you want to talk about the price realizations?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks for the question, Ian. It's actually a good point. With the idling of our Plant City facility which produced quite a bit of DAP, we have seen a little bit of an increase in the DAP price relative to MAP overall in our market. That, combined with the other factors that you noticed a little less, MAP exports out of China, we are seeing a little bit of a increase in DAP price overall as Joc mentioned. We've got the flexibility to be able to produce the products that our customers want. But we do have quite a bit of production on our MicroEssentials products now and that is basically a MAP based pricing product. Mike, you want to add something?
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Just in terms of fundamentals as Corrine said, there's stronger DAP import demand by the U.S. given the idling of Plant City. Indian DAP demand has been very strong. And on the flip side, MAP exports into Brazil are off to a slower start this year. We expect them to pick up. So, I think we're seeing some changes in that price relationship already with MAP prices recovering some of their premium. And I think that probably will continue given the strong import demand that we expect in Brazil second half of the year.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Next question?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital, Inc.: Thank you very much. Can you talk a little bit about MicroEssentials. You had record volume this past quarter. How are those markets doing in Brazil and the U.S. and where does growth come from in the future and maybe you could triangulate that with where you stand with the patents and when those come off patent, what are your expectations from the competition? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Ben. Let me start by just giving you the main markets. We obviously started in the U.S. because that's our key market and we developed the product and the research and whatnot in the U.S., Brazil and Central America became the second target area. And frankly, quite soon, we're going to be running up against production limitations. Again, we have capacity to produce close to 2.5 million tonnes, but that, we're going to start hitting that production limit not too far out. So, we're going to have to look at what's next for MicroEssentials. It's been such a successful product around the world that we believe that there will be an opportunity to expand that further. In terms of the patents, I might just hand that over to Mark Isaacson, our General Counsel, in a second. But let me say one thing. As much as anything, our knowledge in how to produce and the scale of production of MicroEssentials plus the 10 years of proven in-the-field results have made it very difficult for anyone to come in and do a me-too with or without the patent situation.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Ben, thanks so much for noting. This was a record production and sales quarter for MicroEssentials, and it just shows the success that we are having with the product. Overall, pricing has been maintained at the levels relative to MAP in all of our markets, and demand has been strong and growing. As Joc says, we're going to have to start to think about the further growth from there in production. And in terms of the patent, I'll turn over to Mark Isaacson.
Mark J. Isaacson - The Mosaic Co.: Right. Even though the primary MicroEssentials patent will be expiring in a few years here, we also have improvements that have been made to that product, that we will be filing patents for. And then we have already – and as Joc mentioned, really, much of the MicroEssentials technology is in trade secrets and in operating knowledge that allow us to make them in the quantities and the quality that we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Thank you. A question for Mike Rahm, in slide 17 and 18, you outlined your demand expectations for P&K. What do you see on the supply side? How do you see operating rates globally unfolding as we go through 2018 into 2019 and as some of this new capacity starts up? And then just as a follow-up on Brazil, what's the overall impact of rising freight rates? Does that affect you more as a domestic producer or does it create a higher price umbrella because it'll lead to higher freight costs on a relative basis for imports of phosphate into Brazil?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Let's, Mike, you go ahead and give the first part to that, please.
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Yeah, Don. Thanks for the question. Good morning. Yeah, if you look at those charts, there's certainly a very good demand story unfolding. I should note that we have revised up our shipment estimates for the past couple of years based on new trade information from various sources including the International Fertilizer Association. And when you look at our projections for 2019, they do reflect a bit more modest growth from a much higher base. And I would emphasize that those are our initial forecasts. We'll see how demand plays out, in particular, how ag commodity prices move. We've seen a big drop-off in June, but they are rebounding very nicely given a much smaller global crop than what was anticipated especially for wheat. When you lay that up against increases in capacity, in the case of phosphate, we basically see a deficit in 2018 first half. We think that deficit was close to 0.5 million tonnes for the year. It could be in that 700,000 to 1 million tonne range. And what we've said in the past several earnings calls is that we're not saying the world is going to run out of phosphate. All we're saying is that prices and margins need to probably increase as they have to levels that maybe trim a little bit of demand and also stimulate a little bit more supply from various sources. And for 2019, when we look at those changes, given what we think will be a significant reduction in exports from China next year, we think that deficit situation likely will continue well into 2019 even with the continued ramp-up of the additional capacity. And the same really holds true for potash as well. There are some puts and takes obviously on the supply side, with some facilities winding down production and others ramping up. But the bottom line is we see a balanced to tight situation in the global potash market through at least the end of next year.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: In answer to your second question, Don, clearly one of the advantages of our Mosaic Fertilizantes business is the proximity to the key agricultural markets. So, freight is a much lower component of our cost structure in Brazil than it would be for an imported product. As such, we expect that in general we have a freight advantage and proportionally our freight advantage would increase with the cost of freight.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. A question on phosphate in North America. Between the closure of – or idling of Plant City and Nutrien closing the Redwater plant by the end of the year, the North American market import requirements are going up by a pretty meaningful amount. I just was interested to hear your thoughts on the market structure and pricing structure where the U.S. continues to trade at a pretty healthy discount to the export prices or import equivalents from Brazil, which is not the best net back market for Moroccan or Russian product, and how do you think the market structure evolves over the next 18 months if that discount persists? And how do you think about your own sales mix in that context?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Adam. Yeah. Let me start by saying, clearly, the import requirements into the U.S. are increasing by both Redwater and Plant City, there is no question of that. I suspect some of the Redwater plant may be brought up by other production within the Nutrien group. I'm not sure of that, but it certainly indicates that there will be a need for more imports and those imports have not been coming into the U.S. market at the rate they might need to because of the discount that we're seeing at the New Orleans price. Over time, they will have to equalize those price to drive the redistribution of fertilizers from the Brazil market. So, in other words the U.S. will have to pay up or the fertilizer will go to the Brazil and other markets rather than the U.S. So, I mean, free market systems mean these have to work out over time and we think that's positive for the U.S. market. Anything to add, Corrine?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: No. I think the only thing I would add is you asked about Mosaic's own export sales and we do have a pretty heavy export lineup coming up. These markets in Brazil and other areas have been pulling product pretty hard. We are starting to see a few more vessels into the lineup into the U.S. market. I think it indicates people are starting to become aware of the need for this market to move up and draw some more tonnes into the country. Mike, do you want to add?
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: The only thing I would add is that June statistics came out and we have a complete picture for the 2017-2018 fertilizer year that ended on June 30. And, indeed, we did see record phosphate imports into the U.S. of about 2.5 million tonnes. The only thing I would add on North America is that there's some really interesting things, I think, going on in the market. When you look at the implied shipments in North America, they are trending upward. And I think that reflects the fact that these massive crops have taken lots of nutrients out of the soil and this is a market that has grown significantly in the past five years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Just going back to Brazil and not to belabor it, but I understand there's some uncertainty with the trucker tables and, as of now, it's a little bit difficult to tell. But can you just tell us what the freight costs are per tonne and how that's changed, and how much of the cost can be passed down the chain?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sorry, Andrew. Microphone. Yeah. I can answer part of that. Obviously, the actual table is extremely complicated, and I don't think we can give you that level of clarity. But what I can tell you is yes, once we get new contracts, those will be incorporating the new freight rates into them. But the main exposure right now is sales we did before the strike. So, in other words, we have a contract of affreightment at one rate, but the new table is at a different rate. So, the question is, do the truckers honor the old rate which they entered a contract with us, or do they try to achieve the new rate? And what that number is, is about $6 per tonne of risk on those sales we've already entered into. So, we may or may not see those. And as we go through, first, our third quarter, more and more of those old contracts are used up and sold. So, the exposure gets less and less over time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning, Joc. Maybe a two-parter on potash. Your MOP cash costs have been pretty stable of the last year. Would you expect that over the next year or so? Of course, Q3 is a little bit higher because of turnarounds. And second part, you didn't raise your potash volume guidance. Your Canpotex partner, Nutrien did, by a few hundred thousand tonnes. Any thinking about that, why you didn't raise your volume, but your Canpotex partner did? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Joel, thanks. I will answer each of those questions quite a bit separately. MOP cash costs were clearly impacted to some extent by both turnarounds in the second quarter, but also by the problems we had with transport in the first quarter carrying over into the second quarter. So, I think that's the high end of where we would expect our cost to be over the next little while. But clearly, those costs being there or a little bit lower is where we expect the cost going. In terms of potash volume guidance, we have a different rev rec standard, so it could be just that what's being recognized is revenue is a little bit different and that leads to that difference. Other than that, I'm not really sure I know what Nutrien's rationale is or what the thinking behind that is. We've simply looked at our markets and added them up and said this is where we expect to see revenue recognition. Mike, do you want to?
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: I guess the only thing I would add, Joel, is that we really haven't revised our 2018 shipment number that much. We took it up, I think, couple of hundred thousand tonnes. So, we haven't changed our view of the market maybe as much as some of the competitors have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone. It's Dan Jester on for P.J. Maybe just a question for Mike. On phosphates in India, domestic production is down pretty substantially so far this year. So, just wondering if you can comment on some of the drivers of that? And as we look forward, do you think India is going to be met with more import needs or is there a scenario where that domestic production can come back? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Dan, and good morning. Yeah, I think it's pretty well understood that production economics in India, we would like to call them fabrication economics, were unfavorable given the high relative cost of phosphoric acid. So, I think production first half of the year was down significantly and I think to the tune of 500,000 tonnes or so. I don't have that number in front of me. One of the things they have done is they have lowered the GST on imported phosphoric acid so that, we think, going forward you may see a little bit of a ramp-up of production there. Bottom line is we expect about 5.5 million tonnes of imports, and we do think that production probably recovers a little bit over the next several months and we'd probably end the calendar year with production in that maybe 4.2 million tonne, 4.3 million tonne range. And I think longer term India is always going to look out for a diversified source of phosphate. So, we don't see domestic fabrication growing dramatically over time. And as demand increases, we do think most of the increase in demand likely will be met by greater imports.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Nutrien is talking about possibly consolidating the non-soybean retail market in Brazil. I think of Mosaic has more distribution than retail in Brazil, but I'm not always sure where distribution ends and retail begins. Do you have any parts of your network that might be non-core or, on the other side, does your balance sheet even allow you to participate in any further consolidation if you wanted to?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Hello, John. Thanks for that. The structure of the Brazil business or the Brazil market is quite a bit different than what I would call the North American retail. So, as you say, it's kind of hard to determine what is retail and what is distribution. We sell to a lot of very large farmers, but we also sell into some smaller retails. It's a very fragmented type of industry there. And again, I can't comment on what our competitors are doing or thinking. What I would say, though, is we believe we've built a very good competitive business in Brazil. We believe the synergies between our distribution business and our production business gives us a real competitive advantage and a real first-mover advantage into those core markets. And the other models for that, we'll just wait and see and see how they work and we'll obviously respond to what that means to the competitive landscape. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, I'm just wondering if you guys could give us a little bit more – I know you said you're going to talk more about K3 on your next call, but just talk about kind of where you see yourself on a cash cost per tonne for potash, and then follow-up would be just any updates on when we might see India or China settle potash contract.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Michael. Yeah. On K3, let me give you an update on where we're at and we will talk more about this in future calls and the reason we didn't talk about it today is more that if anything, we are in the process of shutting down and doing a turnaround at K2. And one of the big projects during that turnaround will be to tie in the conveyor from K3 to K2, which means that we can start ramping up K3 from a production perspective somewhere in this third quarter. So, we're very encouraged with where that is going. K3, we fully expect will be one – and particularly, once we eliminate the brine inflow costs at K2, K3 will be one of the lowest cost – cash cost projects in the world, certainly one of the most efficient potash mines in the world. So, that's our expectation there. We'll talk more about expectations of cash costs in the future. In terms of the India-China contract, look, two things on that. They both will need fertilizer. They both will need potash at some point. Today, those contracts are in process. I don't like to talk about any contracts that Canpotex is in the middle of. I don't think that's a good thing to do in a public forum. But I will tell you that the rest of the world is demanding potash. Our volume movements are very good. And I think the impact of these contracts long term is becoming less and less of a bellwether. I'd also say, at least in our quarter three, our guidance includes very little volume, particularly from China. So, it doesn't have a big impact on where we're going in the next three months or so. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. You've seen the Moroccans do a pretty good job developing that African market in terms of NPS and some other inputs. On this front, can you just talk about MicroEssentials current spread versus DAP/MAP, and then also give us a sense of any of your other longer term agronomic development efforts specifically in the P front and anything in LatAm and India in particular? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Chris. Yeah. I would concur that – I mean, from the outside looking in, OCP has done a very good job of developing the African market. And I think that's great for society overall. So we're pleased to see both the development of the market and the contribution to Africa in general. So we're glad to see that. Obviously, our MES products, our MicroEssentials products go to somewhat different markets. In terms of the spread over DAP and MAP, there's really two pieces to that. And I'm going to let Corrine talk about this a bit, but we maintain a price relative to MAP and that has a constant premium in some cases that has not changed. But then we also make part of our increased margin is because the inputs into MicroEssentials are different than the inputs into DAP and MAP. So the cost structure is more favorable for our MicroEssentials product. It's basically the thing. So, you can't just look at price, but you will see over time a price premium for the MicroEssentials products, particularly in markets like Brazil. Corrine, do you want to follow that on?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. When we talk about MicroEssentials, there are a number of different products within that group of products, and so, we've got different pricing for each one of those relative to the micronutrients, the sulfur content, et cetera. As Joc mentioned, the pricing premium is relative to MAP or DAP has been maintained. And even with our growth that we've seen in the markets, we have been able to maintain those pricing premium. I think you also asked about other new products. Mosaic does spend a fair amount of time working on other new products. We have launched some new micronutrient enhanced potash products, and we are working on further developments in our phosphate line of products. Stay tuned for more information about those as we develop them, get them in the market.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we have time to take our last question from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens Incorporated. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Just two things. Joc, you proposed shifting from FOB to CFR in Brazil, and I'm just curious what the response to that has been. And second, these brine costs look like they're in really good shape. Is that where you expect them to be in the second half?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Yeah, look, our preference with this level of uncertainty will be to enter into more CFR contracts in Brazil – or sorry – FOB contracts in Brazil to, let's say, move the freight risk from our system. That's not always possible, but that is a focus we would have, and we have to find a way of mitigating that risk or we have to price it into our offerings. So, I mean, easy to do, sometimes more challenging to implement because you do have MOUs and long-term customers where you've got a certain way of selling. So, we'll either have to incorporate it into our pricing or move that risk over to our customers at the time. Now, in terms of brine costs, yes, we've been doing a – the potash team's been doing a great job on brine management and brine cost. If you remember, we put a fair bit of money into some technological improvements, I guess, about three or four years ago. And that, along with just good cost management, have really helped us control that brine cost for a number of years now. So, we're feeling pretty good about it. Obviously the long-term solution is to eliminate it altogether, but it is well controlled, and we do not expect any real variation. Obviously Mother Nature plays a role, but we do not expect any real variation in the second half of the year.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And, sorry, and just with that, I'd just like to wrap up by saying, again, our company is well-positioned here, and I want to just reiterate our key performance issues. Our business is performing well. We're generating substantial cash as a result of both better market conditions and our business transformations. Second, we're making extremely good progress on our Mosaic Fertilizantes business in Latin America, and we continue to feel good about the acquisition. And third, we're optimistic that our momentum will continue and accelerate as we move into the end of this year. To sum it up, Mosaic continues to be well positioned to deliver attractive returns as these business conditions continue to improve. Thank you for your attention. Have a great and safe day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co. Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co. Anthony T. Brausen - The Mosaic Co. Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc. Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Oliver S. Rowe - Scotiabank Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our first quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibit to yesterday's Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Laura. Good morning, everyone. Since you've all had ample time to review our results, I will keep my prepared remarks brief and at a high level so that we can get straight to your questions. Mosaic continued to execute well in the first quarter of 2018 and global markets for our products continued to improve. Our financial performance for the quarter was impacted by weather and the underperformance of Canadian rail service providers. In both potash and phosphate, we came in at the low end of our sales volume guidance due to the late North American spring and the rail-related logistical issues. Including related production curtailment costs, these factors negatively impact the quarter by $0.07 to $0.10 per share. For the quarter, several notable items resulted in earnings per share of $0.11. On an adjusted basis, Mosaic earned $0.20 per share on net sales of $1.9 billion, both up materially from the first quarter of 2017. We expect to recover most of the deferred sales volumes as the rail issues are resolved and global seasonal demand moves into full swing. We have three key takeaways for this call. First, we expect strong business performance to continue throughout 2018 and beyond. In spite of an increase in our anticipated effective tax rate from 20% to approximately 30%, we have increased the midpoint of our full-year earnings per share guidance to reflect strong EBITDA growth, our confidence in the business environment and our ability to execute. Second, the underlying performance of our three business units is continuing to reflect significant operational improvements. And third, we are making remarkable progress in transforming the Mosaic Fertilizantes business in Brazil and we're excited about the success our team has delivered in our first quarter of ownership. Now, I'll start with the markets, which continued their steady improvement. While the late spring and much of North America has delayed planting and led to some doubts about the 2018 crop, farmers outside of the U.S. are generally enjoying good economic results. Brazil was a highlight, grower economics are excellent with stable commodity prices and a weakening reais. Potash and phosphate prices built on their momentum during the quarter. Strong on-farm demand and delayed purchasing in India, Brazil and other key growing regions is expected to provide extended price support. It is important to keep in mind that prices usually move seasonally and cyclically. However, we expect no seasonal declines until much later in the year and we expect the cyclical trend to be positive throughout 2018. In potash, prices have continued a steady ascent. For the quarter, our average sale price was $239 per tonne, which is up $45 per tonne from the mid-2016 lows. Global demand is strong. In fact, Canpotex is fully committed through June in spite of the lack of a contract with China. New supply continues to be delayed beyond prior expectations. And now, we believe prices will remain firm into the second half of 2018. Phosphate prices and margins also increased during the quarter, once again belying the theory that supply coming to market in 2017 and 2018 would pressure margins. In fact, average first quarter stripping margins have increased year-over-year from $233 to $262 per tonne. Our actions to remove higher cost production have helped lead to a balanced supply/demand picture. Overall, market conditions are constructive as we expect demand in India and Latin America to increase. Now, I'll move on to a brief discussion of each of our segments. First, the transformation of Mosaic Fertilizantes in Brazil is well underway and proceeding according to plan. As a reminder, we expect to achieve $100 million in synergies in 2018 and $275 million in annual savings by 2020. We are on pace to achieve those numbers with many efficiency-generating initiatives implemented, in process or in the queue. We've already taken actions that will ultimately deliver $100 million in annual savings. It's important to note, however, that these savings will primarily flow through cost of goods sold and thus be recognized in later periods as inventory is sold. In 2018, we would expect roughly a third of the targeted savings to benefit earnings in the first half of the year and two-thirds in the second half. Our second quarter gross margin guidance for the Brazil business considers several competing factors. On the negative side, we expect to take turnarounds during the second quarter, which will increase our production costs. We will see diminishing benefits of purchase accounting adjustments declining from around $30 million in the first quarter to approximately $20 million and we expect a seasonal shift to more sales of lower margin single superphosphate. On the plus side, as I said, our business transformation is taking hold, which is leading to real efficiencies. Market prices and stripping margins have increased for MAP and the currency exchange has grown more favorable with the weakening Brazilian reais. We've also modified our annual volume guidance for this segment because we missed some intra-segment eliminations. The change in guidance does not reflect any change in our expectations for the market or for our business. We are making excellent progress and we continue to have very positive expectations for the acquisition in Brazil. The region remains extremely promising for the agricultural industry. In fact, Brazil soybean production provides Mosaic with a good hedge against any ongoing Chinese tariffs on U.S. soybean and helps demonstrate the value of our strategy to build on America's powerhouse. Our growing momentum in Brazil is the primary driver of our new higher full-year tax rate guidance. Put simply, we expect a higher proportion of our pre-tax earnings to come from Brazil than our previous guidance showed. In phosphates, the aggressive transformation of the business is driving material cost reductions without sacrificing our operational excellence or employee safety. In fact, in the first quarter, we achieved several new daily production records at both our mines and our chemical plants as we strived to recover a portion of the lost production from idling our higher cost Plant City facility. Cash cost per tonne in Florida mined rock were $35 in the quarter, the lowest in several years. Our sales volume came in near the low end of guidance range as a result of weather and logistics challenges. Our guidance for the second quarter reflects the expectation of continued high stripping margin and strong seasonal shipment volumes. Finally, in the potash business, our costs and overall operating performance remain very strong. Shipment volumes were challenged by the significant rail backlog and, in fact, we were at or near containment at all of our mines for part of the quarter, which negatively impact production by approximately 200,000 tonnes. To reiterate, demand exists for all that product and we do not believe that we have lost significant sales for 2018. It is just an issue of timing. Production costs per tonne were roughly flat with the sequential quarter despite the logistics-driven curtailments. Gross margins per tonne were above guidance as prices remained strong and our business mix was more heavily weighted towards higher priced granular product. I should note that our results this quarter reflect the one-time impact of a change in the methodology Canpotex uses to recognize revenue. Under the previous rev rec standards, we would have recognized an additional 400,000 tonnes of sales in the first quarter. Our second quarter guidance reflects the expectation that more lower price standard product will be shipped in the quarter. Risks to our volume guidance include a longer delayed contract with the Chinese customers and persistent problems with rail transport in Canada. Before I conclude, I would like to provide some insight into our capital philosophy. In essence, our approach to capital allocation has not changed. We seek to maintain a strong balance sheet and maintain our assets and then we use additional capital to grow the business and generate shareholder return. The past few years were quite challenging, but we were able to weather the storm while maintaining a strong financial foundation and completing the largest acquisition of our history. Today with strong and improving market conditions and a considerably more efficient operating model, we expect to generate substantial cash and we expect to use that cash just as prudently as our track record indicates we always have. We expect to be able to pay down debt so that we can return to our over time leverage ratio targets. In fact, we are now targeting to pay down $500 million of debt this year, up from our prior estimate and well ahead of the pace to reach our commitment to pay down $700 million of debt by the end of 2020. To conclude, this was another good quarter for Mosaic even as we experienced some external challenges. We are on the right course managing for cost efficiency across the cycle while maintaining the ability to capitalize on opportunities that improving markets present and remaining constantly vigilant to growth opportunities, large and small. We are looking forward to a strong 2018 and beyond. Now we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: And our first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Neil (12:07) calling in for Vincent. Just a question on your outlook for Chinese phosphate exports. It seems that DAP, MAP exports been down so far pretty significantly to begin 2018. What's your outlook for the rest of the year and what are you forecasting in terms of Chinese capacity shutdowns?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Neil (12:25). This is Joc here. I will make a couple comments and pass this on to Corrine and Mike. But let me reiterate our previous position, which was that our forecasts do not have a decrease in China exports per se, although our bias is that we expect that those may go down, and certainly over time we expect they'll go down. You make a note and I will reiterate that the last six months, these exports are down by 24%. But in terms of the first quarter, what I will caution people on, it is a very small quarter compared to the rest of the year. The big quarters are the second and the third quarters. So, we will wait before we make any determination. And really the big factor there is price. If the price is higher, they will be motivated to export more. If the price is lower, they would be probably exporting less. Corrine, Mike?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. Yeah, Neil (13:28), we are seeing – the environmental protection of the Yangtze River Zone mandate has been widely discussed and we really are seeing events progressing. There's continued environmental squeeze on all the producers. We're seeing some rock production at some mines decreasing and there's increased cost for gypsum disposal as well as these regulations on proximity relative to the river may be causing some plants to require relocation in the future. But as Joc noted, we are seeing stronger margins and economics today. So, the decrease that we've seen, the 24% drop in the last six months, that's about 1.2 million tonnes. So, again, highlight that it's a relatively small quarters in the fourth quarter of 2017 and the first quarter of 2018. But we really do anticipate that the pace of restructuring will continue in the Chinese industry as we go forward for the longer term. Mike, do you have anything to add?
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Not a whole lot to add, but if the Chinese keep up this pace of about 1 million to 1.2 million tonne less exports, it basically is about – our number show about 1 million to 1.5 million tonne hole in the global S&D that needs to be filled from somewhere else. So it just reiterates Joc's point that we haven't factored in a dramatic decline in Chinese exports in order to balance the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So, I mean, the phosphate markets and prices have been pretty healthy to start the year and some of that is because the Chinese exports lower and it definitely has been stronger than expected. So, can you just share your outlook on phosphate pricing and stripping margins for the back half of the year? And you mentioned that seasonally we might be a little bit weak, but probably a little bit better than has been in the past. And what's implied in your guidance for phosphate pricing and stripping margins? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Andrew, thanks. Thanks for the question. I will push this pretty quick to Corrine and Mike again, but I will say, yes, the phosphate markets have been strong. I think our actions have been part of that. By shutting down higher-cost production here in the U.S., we've ensured a well-balanced market. And what we've seen as a result we believe is a market strip margin that has industry benchmark, strip margin that has really moved up in the last couple months. And we have not seen what we would have normally seen, which is a winter decline, and so we don't see a real decline till very late in the year, if at all. Corrine?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. I would just reiterate the global demand growth is very strong. It was strong last year. It's very strong this year. We're forecasting about 1.8% further growth really led by demand in India, Brazil, Asia, Oceania and Africa really strong growth numbers. We've also seen supply adjustments that Joc talked about with the Plant City idling, but also we've had much slower ramp-ups than expected out of Saudi Arabia and out of Morocco, and that combined with these lower Chinese exports are creating a pretty tight S&D. And so we've seen stripping margins at a healthy level for Q1 and we actually are guiding to a little bit higher industry stripping margins in the balance of the year.
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. We do calculate a benchmark stripping margin based on published spot prices. And from January 2016 to the end of last year, that margin traded in a pretty narrow channel, in that $225 to $250 range. And what we said I think on last call is that we think fundamentals have changed, as Corrine pointed out, to move that up into kind of that $275 to $300 channel. And indeed, if you look at the stripping margin I think last week was approaching $290. So we have moved up basis these fundamentals. And as we look out for the rest of the year, we're seeing good price momentum in key markets, whether it's Brazil or India. And the outlook for raw material costs with some additional ammonia coming online and sulfur market coming to better balance I think bodes well for margins in the last half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Go ahead, please. Your line is open. And P.J. Juvekar, if your line is on mute, please unmute. Looks like your next question is going to be from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. I just want to go back to the outlook for exportable phosphate supply in the second half of the year. Then the Moroccan – maybe, Mike, you can comment on how you see the new Moroccan capacity ramping up. Obviously, you have a good window into what's going on with MOD (18:44) and what impacted the shipping difficulties in – the Mediterranean have on first quarter pricing?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Don. I'm going to hand that straight to Mike because those I think are straight in his wheelhouse.
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Don. I think the best way to answer that is just looking at demand growth, some of the supply adjustments and what is the overall supply and demand balance that we see. We're projecting that demand for the main phosphate products grows about 1.2 million tonnes. And if you look at some of the supply changes, we've taken about 1.5 million tonnes offline with the Plant City idling. And when you look at the ramp-ups of capacity, the Jorf Phosphate Hub will produce a few more tonnes – hub number three will produce a few more tonnes this year. The fourth hub, the startup of that has been delayed probably until the second half of the year. But you probably can squeeze maybe 900,000 tonnes or 1 million tonnes out of there. And then the MPC ramp up, I think we've indicated last time that in 2017 it produced about 477,000 tonnes. We think it will produce 1.5 million to 2 million tonnes this year, so there's an incremental tonnage there. And then if the Chinese continue along this pace where exports are off 1 million tonnes, that basically results in about 1.5 million-tonne supply gap for 2018. And that's why going back to the previous question, we're not predicting that the world runs out of phosphate. But what we are predicting is that the supply and demand balance is such that you're going to have to see somewhat elevated prices and margins maybe to crimp a little bit of the demand growth, but also stimulate a little bit more supply coming from established producers, whether it's in the U.S. or other places.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. What percentage of your ammonia requirement from CF will you purchase in the first half or what's the cadence of those purchases through the year?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Jeff. I'm going to hand that straight to Corrine, but I can say in broad terms that with our own production of circa 400,000 tonnes in Louisiana and our off-take of 600,000 tonnes, which is paced basically even throughout the year, so our off-take at the low end and today we'd be taking the low end from CF, that'll be paced evenly throughout the year. So, our own capacity will be somewhere around 1 million tonnes to a little bit higher than that short tonnes per year. The remainder, which is somewhere around 0.5 million tonnes, we will purchase. That's for Florida, not including Brazil, but the other 0.5 million tonnes, we'll purchase on the open market. So, approximately two-thirds of our total tonnage will come from either the CF or our own production. Corrine, did you...?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. I don't have much to add to that, Joc. It will be relatively even paced throughout the year. We've got our own dedicated logistics shipping and that requires a steady take pattern.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the outlook and what's changed and took the EPS range for the year up $0.15 at midpoint. Obviously, the tax rate went up within that on higher Brazil earnings, but just can you calibrate a little bit how the outlook for potash and phosphate and nitrogen changes the order of magnitude between the three businesses? I think there was an allusion to a belief that potash prices would be stronger in the second half than prior and just a little bit more color around the outlook would be helpful. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. Look, what we're probably seeing today in terms of our EPS outlook going up is as we get more into the year, we're seeing stronger potash and phosphate fundamentals. In potash, we're seeing a good demand picture, low global inventories, which I could throw at Mike for a second, but also expectations that what we're not seeing in the market is a lot of the new production yet. And so, as we get further along in the year, we have more confidence that that will be later on to come. And it's virtually the same for phosphates where we see great demand around the world and slower to come on new production. So, what we don't expect to see is any kind of post-season weakness that we might have, had there been more new production coming in. So, really, that's what's driving it. And then, of course, as we've now got three to five months in Brazil versus one month at our last earnings call, we now have a much greater faith in achieving our $100 million of synergies plus the tailwinds of both better pricing and better Brazilian reais. And I might throw that to Tony in terms of the reais impact.
Anthony T. Brausen - The Mosaic Co.: And I'll add just also we are continuing to have the progress from a production standpoint, from an operational efficiency standpoint. We also have the offsets, however, from Q1 and carrying into Q2 the logistics issues, principally the rail issues in Canada. And, of course, you mentioned – Adam, you mentioned a higher tax rate, which also is impacting us to the downside. But we want to note that from a cash tax standpoint, we're not expecting to pay cash taxes this year. So, from a cash flow perspective, that higher tax rate will not impact us.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: So, Adam, to summarize, really, it's more confidence in the future of this year and going into the second half of this year than we were able to have at the start of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. I was wondering if you could give an update on how the spring season is going in the U.S. and in particular, we had obviously a delayed start, but what you're seeing in terms of application rates and any read you might have on the need for distributors or retailers to have to restock during the spring or do you think they already have sufficient inventories. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Michael. I'm going to push that over to Mike to answer the question. But one thing I will say is just recognize that in today's world, the ability to apply fertilizer and plant very rapidly has increased quite a bit even over the last, say, decade. So we think that the ability to catch up is a lot better than it ever was before. Mike, do you want to talk a bit about the spring season?
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Hey. Good morning, Michael. Yeah, we got off to a slow start, but we're rapidly catching up. You probably saw the planting progress numbers from yesterday. The corn planting as of Sunday was 39% complete, soybean planting about 15% complete. The corn planting is still running a little bit behind the five-year average, but if you look at some key states like Illinois, Indiana, they are running well ahead of the five-year average. And in the case of soybeans, we're off to actually a faster start than normal in terms of planting. So, as Joc said, farmers can sink seeds into the soil pretty quickly with the current technology. The other point is, all of the feedback that we're getting from our account managers is very positive in terms of farmers applying rates at normal or even above normal rates. And as we've been saying for a long time, the demand drivers continue to look very strong. The world's and North America's harvested big crops. There's a need to replenish those nutrients. And secondly, when you look at the affordability index, P&K continue to be good buys for farmers and we think that they are actually rebuilding some rates and with higher yield objectives, in some cases, increasing rates. So the season is really shifting into high gear as we move a little bit further north and the weather cooperates. So I think it's going to be a great spring season.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thank you. A couple transportation logistic questions. What's your outlook for the resolution in the rail issues of the Canadian rail lines in the near term? With respect to the comment about Canpotex being sold out through June, is that effectively a rail fleet limitation or port handling limitation? What limits that? And is that something that can be addressed? And then, lastly, transportation issues in Brazil are meaningful. And is that really just a productivity drag for your business down there or does having a distribution business down there represent a value proposition to you?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Steve, we're going to take these one at a time. And what I'll do is I'll come back to Brazil in a second after we get Corrine to talk about our outlook for the Canadian railways and what's going on there. But let me just say, look, the weather-related issues that the Canadian railways faced were definitely seasonal and delays because of cold weather and snow. Those we fully expect to recover from. The one that is probably a little more unpredictable is what is the potential for a strike with the Canadian Pacific Rail, and that we really don't have a reasonable place to start in terms of a view. Corrine, do you just want to talk about how we're shifting those volumes and when we expect to see those volumes come back?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. As Mike noted, spring season is making up the pace pretty nicely at this point in the quarter. We do have some weather and rail-related tonnage amounts that flipped from first quarter we think into the balance of the year. But our guidance for the year, as Joc said, is unchanged. We think we'll get that volume back. Canpotex is sold through June. That's a combination of limitations, both the ability for producers to supply those tonnes given the big North American spring season that's going on as well as some rail import logistics. Over the long term, it absolutely – we are working on ways to improve that capacity. So there is more capacity for exports in the future. And I guess, Brazil, you want to turn that over, Joc, to...
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Let me just turn to Brazil now and, obviously, our distribution business and the proximity of our new production business to the markets, the key agricultural markets, we think is one of the key competitive advantages that we accomplish through this. And then the improvements in our internal logistics in Brazil are the other area where we can add real value through this acquisition. Rick, do you want to just talk a little bit about that?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Steve. In Brazil, we're seeing some real advantages from all the moves that we make with product. And when we look in Brazil, about 78% of what we move is by truck. And so when we look across our whole business, we've been able to develop synergies – significant synergies, roughly at least $5 million of movements by truck that we're taking advantage of back-hauls with trucks moving to ports, trucks bringing material that we produce to customers. And so the optimization of our overall grid for freight has created some pretty significant advantages. And it's one of the key advantages we find to being both in distribution and production in Brazil.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Let me just summarize that. I think over 10% or around 10% of our total synergies and run rate for this year will be created through transportation and logistics, particularly the optimization, as Rick said, of the new freight grid and, of course, the optimization of the use of the Port of TIPLAM.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Morning, guys. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more on what you've been doing and seeing now that you've been running the Brazilian assets for almost three months – for more than three months. And as a follow-up, I know there was a condition on the purchase that would have you pay an extra payout with high phosphate prices. We clearly seem to be in that territory. I realize it's a good problem to have, but could you talk a little bit about how that payout is structured and what do you expect to pay out this year?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Jonas. Good morning to you as well. Look, let me start with talking about what we're seeing in Brazil. I've been down there a couple of times this year already and Rick's down there, of course, all the time, so we're going to give it over to Rick, but let me summarize. The trips that Rick and I have taken together, I guess, one of the things that's probably encouraging to us is we see the opportunities as probably better than what we had expected. And our confidence in reaching our targets is better than what it would have been three months ago. And let me come back to kind of some of the high-level things we're seeing that give us that level of confidence. First, of course, is the markets are better than what they were even six months ago, which is starting to give us some real tailwinds. But just to put what we've done ourselves, already in the first quarter, we have been able to increase productivity at these operations through a combination of debottlenecking, recovery improvements, shift changes and people reduction where we're seeing a total productivity in terms of phosphoric acid per full-time employee of about 43% across the business. And so, now our level of confidence that we can get that $100 million run rate to flow through all the way through COGS this year is quite high. And Rick just talked on the last question about the transport advantages. You start adding those up, and those give us a great deal of confidence in where we're going long term in that business. Rick, do you want to talk a little bit more about Brazil and where we feel (35:06)?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Jonas. One of the things that – a significant takeaway and visitors that we've had through are amazed. We're making some pretty significant changes. We've made structural changes at plants in the first month of operation. We've looked at how we look at shifts, how we look at different – we're changing a lot of things in the business. But the energy from the people to support that change is tremendous. There's quite a bit of support. People see things that need to be changed and needed to be changed. And as we've looked for this $100 million that we're talking about run rate for the first quarter, probably over half of that came from the bottom-up, from the people that are operating our plants that see the changes that need to be made and are willing to step up and say, hey, we should think about doing this different. And this idea of looking to do things different is something we're building on and is really quite exciting to see how this will roll into our busier second and third quarters.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Your next question was on the provisional payments to Vale based on the market conditions and, yes, we are getting closer to it. And I'm going to hand it over to Tony to give you a little more detail on that, Jonas. But what I will say is I absolutely agree with you, both Vale and Mosaic would be extremely happy if we had to pay out that contingent payment. So, Tony, do you want to just talk about the details?
Anthony T. Brausen - The Mosaic Co.: Certainly, Joc. Good morning, Jonas. As Joc said, we'd be thrilled if we're into this territory, but don't expect it. In fact, our full-year guidance would have to be higher if we got into the earn-out/payout levels. And just to illustrate, at today's reais level, which is in the 3.50s, we'd need an average MAP price for the rest of this year approaching $500 for a delivered Brazil. So, again, we're not expecting it to reach that level, but we'd be thrilled if it did.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. All of our business would greatly benefit from that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. So, let's say, Brazil's going to plan. So, what did you sort of learn the last few months that made you change the overall tax guidance of 20% to 30% because it does look like phosphate is doing better than you thought? And then what would be your tax guide for 2019? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joel. Let me touch on that, and I'm going to hand it over to Tony again, of course. Yes, you're right. We have increased our GAAP effective tax rate to the high 20s from the low 20s, and it's really driven by a higher mix of earnings from Brazil. Brazil has a tax rate of 34% and, of course, those are no longer deductible against U.S. taxes. So, this new tax law changes that. And I have to say, at this point, we've optimized our operations under the old tax laws. And although we're going to change that and try to optimize against the new tax laws, in the transition, there are some quirks that will drive higher taxes. Now, what I would want to really note, though, is cash taxes are expected to remain immaterial through 2018. In Brazil, we expect to pay zero tax because we have VAT taxes we've previously paid that will offset any of our cash income tax this year. In Canada, depreciation against our Esterhazy mine provides material cash benefits allowing us to pay low tax in Canada. And in the U.S., because of the alternative minimum tax change, we expect to actually receive cash back and AMT refunds will exceed any cash tax liability. And so that's important to note that these are not cash taxes, but actual GAAP taxes. Over time, we expect our normalized tax rate to go back to the mid to low 20s as opposed to where we were before. But, certainly, for this year and next year, cash taxes we expect to remain very close to zero. Tony, what have I got to miss there?
Anthony T. Brausen - The Mosaic Co.: Joc, I think the only thing I'd add is in terms of Joel's question on what's driving the Brazil earnings movements from our prior forecast and I think it's a combination of the synergy realization that's been talked about already, the improved market prices and the devaluation of the reais, which benefits us as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you. Joc, can you give us a little more sense of the kind of synergy gains that you already have in the bag that are going to flow through in 2018? You mentioned freight being about 10% of it. And second question, is there anything different in the MicroEssentials demand that is going to cause the volume in that segment to be different than the overall trend in P&K? That's it.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Mark. I'm going to hand a little of this over to Rick, obviously, to talk a little more detail on Brazil and maybe Corrine as well to touch on some of the global demand issues for – or not issues, but opportunities for MicroEssentials. But let me at a very high level bucket some of the synergies we're able to achieve here. We expect about 48% – let's call it 50% of the total synergies coming from the operational opportunities, which I discussed, which are better use of our maintenance time, shift changes which allow more time on the equipment, operational attention, debottlenecking and an easy one, we have increased the recovery of phosphoric acid at Uberaba by simply picking up some areas where we were actually spilling from one process stream to another, the P205. So those things we're doing now, we're really focused on that. So that's about half of that synergy for this year. The next one, organization, and that's restructuring of the operation, commercial and finance teams to really take better advantage of the needs and really benchmark against other jurisdictions where the manpower per tonne, let's say, is lower. The next one is procurement. 15% of our expected earnings will be – or improvement will come from procurement. Supply chain, and Rick talked about those, in line freight optimization, the optimization of TIPLAM, is about another 9%. And then another 8% or so come from commercial improvements, which is really what is the opportunity between the two cross-selling and selling more gypsum, selling new products, transferring some of our SSP from outside suppliers to internal. So, all of that stuff is leading to a lot of really good opportunity for us. Rick, do you want to expand on that?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Well, you've got a pretty good list, Joc. And I think the one thing that we need to go back and talk about is how we expect this to show up in the P&L as earnings. So we expect that during the first half of the year, we'll see about a third of this $100 million go to the P&L and the remainder will be in the back half of the year. I think the key piece that drives that is we make changes to the operations. They first have to go through inventory for us to turn it into cash.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And your next question, Mark, was on the MicroEssentials trends, and I'm going to get Corrine to talk about it. But I will say that product continues to do very well, continues to grow and I suspect it will not be that long until production limitations become the limitation to growth again.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: I would just add, Joc, great point. We are seeing strong MicroEssentials growth, both in North America but also globally. It's interesting to see the very rapid pace of growth in our MicroEssentials and really all of our premium products internationally as well as in North America. Additionally, on price, the market in pricing premiums remain intact for these products. They truly are adding value for farmers. And so I think that's what's really driving the price premiums we've been able to realize and the demand growth. And Joc is right. It will not be long before we are debating about expanding further for our production capability.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc.: Good morning. I had a couple questions. First, on the rail logistics, maybe just help us with the dynamic of CNR versus CP. My understanding is Canpotex is – roughly 70% of it is hauled by CP, is that correct? And who is your main carrier into the U.S. and how much will they carry for (44:47) you? Second question just really on the global potash market, commenting on strength you're seeing there, in your mind, what are the big drivers there?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Jacob. Let me start by saying we have a contract for North America through CP. Canpotex does do the majority of their haulage through the Canadian Pacific with a good portion – I'm not sure the exact number, Corrine might have the exact number of CN. Clearly, if we're hauling to the East Coast, that is a CN haul. If we're hauling to the West Coast, that is predominantly Canadian Pacific, including if we're hauling to Portland because that is actually Canadian Pacific and then traded off to I think the UP or something, isn't it correct? So, anyway – but I'll get Corrine to answer that, and maybe while she's at it – or Mike, you can answer the global potash demand question after.
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Okay.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. And I do not have an exact split on the Canpotex proportion that is CP versus CN. Certainly, for Mosaic, we have a contract with CP, and that's our primary carrier. And for potash demand, I'll hand it off to Mike.
Mike Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Hey. Good morning, Jacob. Yeah, potash demand continues to look very robust, as you probably know from the recent statistics. We estimate the demand increased about almost 7% in 2017 or over 4 million tonnes to 65 million tonnes. We think we'll see another 2.6% or 1.7-million-tonne increase in 2018. And again, demand growth is fairly broad-based. We do think China, after imports being down and implied shipments being down a little bit in 2017 or at least at lower levels, we'll see a nice rebound there this year. And then across the board increases, led by everywhere from Brazil where we expect continued growth in demand as soybean acres continue to increase a little bit there; Indonesia, Malaysia, all of the majors accounting for the bulk of the growth. But the bottom line is we think 2.6%, which is right in line with our long-term CAGR of about 2.5% over the next five years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Could you discuss the benefit of purchase accounting adjustments on inventory of $30 million in the first quarter and $20 million in the second quarter? I normally think about that as a headwind rather than a tailwind when you write up acquired inventory. Because when you sell it, you don't have any profit initially, so how are you getting a benefit there?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, John. I'm going to hand that straight to Tony to explain, but I can tell you in broad terms that you're right, normally, that is a tailwind. However, there was some high-priced inventory that was revalued on the purchase. And, Tony, do you want to talk about that?
Anthony T. Brausen - The Mosaic Co.: Certainly, Joc. Good morning, John. You're right. Oftentimes that purchase accounting adjustment heads the opposite direction from – and is typically a tailwind, as you said. In our case – or sorry, it's typically a benefit. In our case, it's a tailwind. And the reason for that is that we revalue all of the inventory at a market value in terms of the inventory that was acquired. So, on the day of the acquisition, back in January, we acquired inventory that had been produced under the Vale Fertilizantes ownership and those production costs were higher than market. And so, as of the date of the acquisition, we record that inventory at a market value, which was lower than that previous production cost. So that results in the benefit that you saw in our results, which we've disclosed. We also revalue all of the assets, as you may know, from a purchase accounting standpoint. So that affects things like depreciation as well as ARO accounting, asset retirement obligation accounting, a variety of things. Every asset and liability is recorded at market. So, there's a number of adjustments. Included in that is the inventory adjustment.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. And I can say in summary to that, John, as you buy this business, you've got to expect a lot of noise in the first couple of quarters. There's just a lot of things that are changing, as Tony said, whether it's the change in depreciation rates, change in purchase accounting for inventory considerations. But in answer to the other piece of your question, I mean, we must say that if you look at the pro formas, this business was underperforming, and because of that, it's a little different than a normal acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Oliver S. Rowe - Scotiabank: It's Oliver Rowe on for Ben. Thanks for taking my question. So, does the phosphate supply gap that you mentioned change your decision on restarting Plant City? Do you think that that project still makes sense in your portfolio? And what sort of, I guess, phosphate prices or stripping margins do you think you need to make it work?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Oliver. Let me hit that one rather than getting into too much detail on it, but let me summarize. By idling Plant City and optimizing our phosphate production assets, we effectively tightened the supply. And in spite of new supply coming on, we saw the industry benchmarks increase materially. So, at the same time, this action also lowered our production costs and allowed us to continue to meet our customer demand. So, from our perspective, we think that's pretty good. The net result was a significant increase in our profitability across all of our 16 million tonnes that we produce in our phosphate in both Florida and Mosaic Fertilizantes in Brazil. So, all I can say at this stage is we will revisit Plant City in the fourth quarter, but we really feel that what we did there was exactly what we needed to do and what the market needed at the time.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Go ahead, please. Your line is open.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you. Just in terms of further developing the Brazilian market, how are you thinking about sort of the long term, especially developing northern port access further and also just obviously consequently reducing your own costs? Do you foresee yourself as a leader here? And also just do you have any quick views on the political front, given elections later this year? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Well, thanks, Chris. That's a fair bit to cover, the last one we could probably talk about for hours. But let me start about the Brazilian market development. I think over time, northern access and that whole access to the Tocantins area and, call it, Northwest Mato Grosso is a definite it's going to happen. It's a question of when. And I think as it happens, that's one of the big opportunities I think for us particularly on a distribution side because we're going to be a group that can really get in there and be leaders in that space. So I definitely think we are now the production leader in Brazil. We're certainly one of a couple of distribution leaders and I think that relative size compared to the market really allows us to take opportunities that others may not be able to do. So I'm going to hand it to Rick to just talk about this a little bit and he may be able to give you some insight into the politics, although those are pretty muddy.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Are they ever, Joc? Good morning, Chris. I think as you look at northern access to Brazil, it is going to grow. And I think the precursor to that is the grain movements that are going there and year-over-year increase in grain movements has been really quite significant through the northern outlet, which is improving the basis for farmers in the area because they're spending less money on logistics. The back movement of fertilizer hasn't been growing at the pace because there's infrastructure that needs to be developed. That will be developed over the next couple years. But in the position we're in is both in production and distribution across the major production areas we'll definitely be involved in the development of the northern access to the Brazil Cerrados. As far as the politics go, I will stay completely out of it. It's in a state of flux, just like a lot of other countries, and stay tuned. This one is coming fast.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: The only thing too I will say about Brazil and I think it's worthy of mentioning was you talked about politics is despite the economic, political and lack of reform that they're able to get now with sort of a lame duck government, if you will, with the new election coming this fall, I will say, the ag sector has been a real standout and continues to grow. And I think this Northwest Corridor will really be the next horizon of growth for Brazil and maybe for the world from an agricultural perspective.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. With that, look, I hear a rumor out there that another company may be reporting today. So I'm going to call it in now and allow you guys to get on with the rest of your day. But, in closing, let me just say a couple of words here which is, first of all, as we look forward this year, we see strong EBITDA growth. We're now guiding to $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion in 2018, which is up about 50% on a midpoint from last year. So we're seeing some real benefits. We're starting to see the Mosaic Fertilizantes take a real stand and we now have gone from expecting it to be somewhat neutral in terms of EPS to now being accretive to probably in the range of $0.05 to $0.10 accretive and contribute in the range of $300 million of EBITDA to our business. So we're really starting to see an investment that is going to quickly show real dividends for the company and a real opportunity for growth into the future. So, overall, with the markets, we're very confident on the year. We're starting to see some changes that we think are important in the ag space and in our space. But let me conclude then with the three – reiterate our key messages. Our business did perform well in the first quarter of the year and we expect strong markets and our good execution to continue through 2018. The work we've done and are doing to transform our potash, phosphates and Fertilizantes business are delivering meaningful long-term value. And as I said earlier, we're ahead of schedule in Brazil and we're really excited for the prospects there. So, overall, Mosaic is executing very well, markets continue to improve and we are generating substantial momentum. Thank you for joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations Joc O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Corrine Ricard - Senior Vice President-Commercial Tony Brausen - Interim CFO Michael Rahm - Vice President, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning, The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Jonas Oxgaard - Bernstein John Roberts - UBS Steve Byrne - Bank of America Donald Carson - Susquehanna Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan P.J. Juvekar - Citi Christopher Parkinson - Credit Suisse Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Mosaic Company’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday, and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will also be presenting certain non-GAAP financial measures. Our fourth quarter press release and performance data attached as exhibits to the Form 8-K filing also contain important information on these non-GAAP measures.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
Joc O'Rourke: Good morning. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings call. We are going to keep our prepared remarks at a high level today and allow plenty of time for your questions. Before we get into the results, I would like to take this time to welcome Tony Brausen, Interim CFO to his role. He has been helping me prepare for every earnings since I became CEO and is a valuable member of our leadership team. Now let's move on to earnings, although we reported a GAAP net loss of $431 million, it does not reflect the strength of the underlying business. Reported results include a $458 million non-cash charge related to the new U.S. tax legislation. Going forward we expect the new legislation to provide cash benefits in excess of $200 million over the next five years. EBITDA in the quarter was 271 million up 36% from a year ago. Mosaic's enters the year with a strong quarter, and significant momentum, driven by important strategic decisions, strong operating performance and improving market conditions as we head into 2018. We would like you to take away three key messages today, first we continue to expand our record of successful strategic actions to during shareholder value across the cycle. Second, with the acquisition in Brazil now complete we are highly focused on achieving the savings target and business transformation we outlined in our last call. And third, business conditions improved markedly in 2017 and we expect momentum to continue this year. For the quarter Mosaic reported a loss of $1.23 per share, excluding tax related charges and other notable items, adjusted earnings with $0.34 per share on sales of 2.1 billion. For the year the company reported a loss of $0.31 per share with adjusted earnings net of notable item at a $1.09 per share on sales of 7.4 billion. Our solid financial performance was driven by improving market conditions but also by our cost reduction initiatives. Last year we made important decisions to transform our business and those decisions are generating meaningful benefits. I'll review these quickly. We idled our Plant City phosphate facility in Florida demonstrating our commitment to optimizing production from our lowest cost facilities and removing 1.4 million tons of annual finished product from global supply.  Phosphate prices rose in response and our fourth quarter gross margin rate in the business unit expanded to $53 per ton from $34 a ton a year ago.  In addition, the phosphates business also embarked on a major transformation effort that is expected to lead to reduce costs, improved processes and further margin expansion. In the potash business where the transformation is further along, cost remained near historical lows while we produced at high rates to meet record global demand and we reduced our capital spending without compromising the safety of our people or the integrity of our assets. Taken together these costs and capital related decisions provided significant cash flow benefits and strengthened our ability to prosper. At the same time, we put capital to work to generate future returns. We also made good progress on our major strategic initiatives, our Esterhazy K3 complex is nearing completion and we have produced the first meaningful tons of potash from the new facility. We expect Esterhazy to be amongst the lowest cost potash mines in the world as over time K3 will allow us to eliminate brine management expenses.  Our joint venture with Ma'aden the [indiscernible] phosphate complex is ramping production providing us access to low cost production and advantage access to India and other Asian markets and of course we completed our largest acquisition ever and we did so on terms that were renegotiated to benefit Mosaic by several hundred million dollars. The newly formed Mosaic Fertilizantes in Brazil and Paraguay makes Mosaic America's powerhouse with advantaged access to customers in key agricultural regions.  Our team is Brazil is off and running working to transform the business and deliver the $275 million in total synergies we revealed last quarter. We expect to achieve at least $100 million of those synergies in this year alone and that is after any cost to achieve them. In fact, we plan to exit the first quarter having already achieved $40 million of run rate synergies and we will be booking a charge associated with the cost to achieve those in this quarter.  Overall, we have made a great deal of progress in 2017, and we are not stopping there. We will continue to drive for efficiency improvements while maximizing the value of our asset portfolio all around the world. We have also continued to focus on our financial priorities which begins with maintaining a strong financial foundation. In the fourth quarter of 2017 we issued $1.25 billion of debt to finance the cash portion of the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. With our stronger business performance in 2017, the 411 million in cash from operations we generated during the quarter and our improved outlook for 2018 we are already making progress towards our targeted leverage ratio of approximately two to two and a half times net debt to EBITDA.  Under the renegotiated terms of the acquisition we transferred just over $1 billion of cash and we're also able to paydown $200 million of our outstanding term loan. During 2018 we expect to use our cash to paydown a total of at least $350 million which is halfway to our original debt retirement goal of $700 million by the end of 2020. The overall message here is that we are on solid financial footing and we are well on our way to making Mosaic efficient and highly competitive on a global scale regardless of the business conditions.  Before I conclude I want to provide a brief update on market conditions. Potash and phosphate prices have been low for several years in large part because of expectations of significant new capacity. Now as those new tons begin to come to market prices have moved upward due to two primary forces, first global Potash and phosphate demand has continued to grow and our market analysis team now expects another record year for global shipments of both products. Demand has been resilient due to positive and economic factors. The second factor driving fertilizer prices higher is that new capacity has delivered fewer tons on expected. And those tons that are coming to market are being offset by higher cost production that is been idle or permanently stopped.  Markets fundamentals were quite strong for the first half of the year and with the many actions we've taken to solidify the business we believe our performance will continue to strengthen in 2018. We have simplified our guidance to better align with our new segments and for the first time we are providing annual earnings per share guidance. We expect annual adjusted earnings per share in the range of $1 to $1.50. The wide range at this early stage in the year reflects the inherent uncertainty and the timing and magnitude of changes in market prices for our products, which provides both opportunity and risk to our forecast.  Our two primary areas of focus are first, ensuring that we continue to operate efficiently and second, capturing Mosaic for [Indiscernible] synergies. We are also watching Brazilian reais and the Canadian dollar exchange rates given the impact they have on our profitability. Our industry and our company have enjoyed an enormous amount of change over the past several years.  At Mosaic, we took advantage of market conditions as they changed and we have made and are continuing to make structural improvements to strengthen the company for the long-term. One area that will not change, we will continue to operate responsibly with integrity and the highest degree of FX and we will maintain our commitment to our many constituents.  Our customers who serve those needs, shareholders, employees, our communities, non-government organizations and the governments because the sustainability and prosperity of this enterprise is important to all those constituent groups. I make this point because it is easy to lose sight of the big picture and challenging time. We have a vision that transcends day to day changes in the market and we fully intend to bring that vision to provision.  Now will take your questions. Operator? 
Q - Vincent Andrews : Just wondering if you can give a little bit more detail on your expectations this year as it relate to the fertilize on date assets and I guess just in terms of what production levels you are anticipating from a wholesale perspective and as I look at the growth profit per ton that you've guided to what that incorporates for synergies and maybe you could just help us understand and I know we don’t have the fourth quarter results yet in the pro formas but what you think the base is of 2017 when you strip out some of the other sort of non-GAAP or one-off issues that the company had last year. I mean how should we be thinking about that year-over-year? Thanks.
Joc O'Rourke: Well, good morning Vincent thanks for your question. So let me start by saying the expectations that we are guiding to are what we expect for the combined business of what is now Mosaic Fertilizantes which is our distribution business and our wholesale or B2B businesses we’re calling at and I am going to let Rick talk a little bit about volume expectations and what not, but let me start by saying we are very excited about where this business can go, Rick and I where there last two weeks ago, touring the sites and we just see so much opportunity there that we’re pretty excited. As we look at the places where we see those opportunities to add value, we believe we can drive real efficiencies across the mining processing and support functionaries the normal kind of synergy areas.  The one we don’t talk much about, you don’t hear too much both those as we see huge opportunities in our go-to-market strategy as well and what we can do there, I’ll give you a couple of examples here and we’re also making I think really good progress towards the $275 million and including in that is we expect a $100 million of net benefits this year. So that’s net of any cost to achieve them. And we’ll be as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we will be actually having an allowance for that in the first quarter.  But let me just give you a couple of good examples of where we’re going with that. First of all, we see a $24 million achievement already basically booked for this core first quarter on labor, we’re going to have about a $9.4 million benefit on equipment reduction and equipment optimization in the gypsum area the rethinking about gypsum strategy will net us approximately $3 million to $3.5 million per year. And one that you won’t comment [ph] are synergies, our rethinking of our strategy around pricing and marketing of seed will probably net us in the range of $20 million per year starting this year.  So, we got a lot of things on the go and I’m very confident that we’re going to hit our $100 million this year and our $275 million in the next. Before I give it over to Rick, I just want to remind you of one other thing which is we renegotiated this deal at the end of last year and part of that was due to the underlying, underperformance of the business in previous years. So, that allowed an into renegotiate and so the baseline is low, but we still expect very solid returns overall, overtime.  So, let me hand it over Rick to just give you some ideas on production. Rick?
Richard Mack: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. Good morning, Vincent. from our perspective here on the distribution side, we see our distribution business growing as the market grows so the expectation is 2% to 2.5% increase in the overall volume of tons here in Brazil. So, we see us following that path, we’re at a market share that we’re very comfortable with on the distribution side. On the production side, I think the target for us this year is around 4 million tons of PNK production.  Last year there were some issues with production here on the Vale Fertilizantes side and we’re working to effects. Jack, the only thing that I would add to your comments about the changes that we're making and things that are going on, is we've done something here with all of our employees in engaging them to identify areas that we can save. And to be honest there is some pent-up changes that are bubbling up that really give us a lot of confidence in both the 100 number for this, the 100 million number and 275 for the future. Thanks John.
Joc O'Rourke: I think that's a great point that Ric makes, and one of the things that I was struck with like say being there a couple of weeks ago was we've been very clear with the employee [ph] base, big changes need to be made, but it seems certainly that they're very engaged and very onboard with making those changes. So, it's going very well I think.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Wong: So, regarding the synergies for Fertilizantes is it fair to say that these are both synergies and cost savings, it sounds like these are assets that maybe haven't had the right attention, and investments required maybe were a little bit neglected and you're bringing a fresh viewpoint to drive some of these cost savings and then also have synergies with your distribution business there?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes, absolutely and I think as we clarified at last quarter we see this as approximately $125 million of what I would call traditional synergies, those are admin and what not that we just -- because we are combining the two, we'll see a lower price probably for sulfur because of our buying power, and those are traditional synergies. Above and beyond that we see about a $150 million of what I would call operational disciplines and those real cost savings that we've implemented in our -- in both our potash and phosphate businesses to-date and so that's just bringing a whole new level of operational excellence to that business.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Michael your line is open.
Michael Piken: Hello, can you talk a little bit about your MicroEssentials business a little and specifically with the [MAP] prices going higher, how your margins are standing there, and what are the volumes?
Joc O'Rourke: I am going to hand that to Corrine but I will say that our MicroEssentials business continues to perform very well, the one caveat I would give you though depending on the MicroEssentials form, because we have about four of them, the margins maybe slightly different depending on the product, but again it continues to go well, MAP prices are up, but MicroEssentials margins pretty much follow that. Corrine do you want to say a few words?
Corrine Ricard: I think it is a good point that there're multiple different products that make up the MicroEssentials line of product, they have slightly different price differentials relative to MAP, depending on the nutrients analysis and they have slightly different margins and so mix in any given quarter can have an impact on what that average differential is, but we are seeing no change in the overall market pricing of these products relative to MAP as we've seen increased prices and as we get into the peak of spring season, while we have increasing prices, throughout the season because of the optimistic outlook for the overall market?
Operator: Your next question is from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein. 
Jonas Oxgaard : I'm trying to figure out the inclusion of the inflation [ph] distribution business into the Fertilizantes and in the context of the last four quarters you had about 170 million of gross margin in the distribution business. But if I'm looking at your pro forma I get to about 170 million from the combined entity and I'm just not sure if I'm misreading how to read the pro forma here or how should I think about the gross margin contributions from the standalone for Fertilizantes business?
Joc O'Rourke: I'm going to have to hand to Tony Brausen to talk about the basis of what we've presented here and what that means from and SG&A perspective and what not and depreciation. Tony do you want to give a little bit of a run down on that for us?
Tony Brausen: There are a number of adjustments in the pro forma information for Mosaic Fertilizantes that maybe skewing your assessment and those include the fact that we have adjusted for IFRS to U.S. GAAP, we've adjusted for our accounting policy alignment and most importantly we've adjusted for our fixed asset values that we are expecting to record those assets at so from a purchase price accounting standpoint we have to record them at a and the fair-value and we have to depreciate them based on the expected remaining useful life.  So, at this point in time this pro forma information is preliminary because that information has done at a very high level and is not yet been finalized. We've also made adjustments to the SG&A allocation in the segments so we're now allocating a portion of our corporate SG&A to the Mosaic Fertilizantes segment and then another big change from what was previously international distribution is we've removed India and China from that segment and that's now reported incorporate and other, so what you see in the Mosaic Fertilizantes segment is just our Brazilian businesses is the combined distribution business along with the new business from probably Fertilizantes.  And then lastly, as it relates to that pro forma information another big factor is in the phosphate segment and we're now including Miski Mayo as a fully consolidated business so previously that was an equity earnings in equity investments so it was reported just on the one line in the income statement and now that's captured with sales cost to good sold in margin in the phosphate segment and that also has along with it depreciation, so that impacts the gross margin you'll see reported in the phosphate segment. 
Joc O'Rourke: So just summarizing that I know there is a fair bit of moving pieces in this and we will improve our disclosure on the business as we get more metrics and what not so that you can really follow but just let me emphasize. This business did underperformance '17, we expect that will improve but it's going to take a little bit of time and most of what we're accomplishing in '18 is going to be the movement of prices up and our own efforts to improve the business through the 100 million of value capture, so that's probably the easiest way to put it, and certainly over the long term we are still very confident that we're going to reach the numbers we talked about.
Tony Brausen: Joc just one other factor I'll add in and that's the exchange rate for the Brazilian reais which is going to have a significant influence on the results of that segment as well and as you can see in the materials provided with this call, that's about a $0.07 per share impact, for every 0.1 movement in the Brazilian reais, so that's a meaningful factor as well.
Operator: Your next question is from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts: So, for the new Mosaic Fertilizante segment the volume guidance seems to imply much higher growth for the year than for the first quarter even when you adjust for the lost week in January I think, could you maybe discuss the seasonality to the volumes in that segment?
Joc O'Rourke: I am going to hand this to Rick in a couple of seconds but obviously your first point is very relevant which we did not close at the start of the quarter, so there'll be less on a full quarter in the first quarter volume, but also the first quarter is traditionally a pretty quiet quarter in Brazil, so I'm going to let Rick talk a little bit more about the actual seasonality but certainly that's your observation is correct.
Richard Mack: And John, Joc is right that Q1 is traditionally a seasonally slow quarter, there is one item that impacted this and it's based on product we had sold in the distribution side, for delivery in Q1, because farmers were getting ready to plant corn on some of their earliest harvested soybeans, they anticipated deliveries, so we had a 175,000 tonnes and up in last year that's impacting volumes in the first quarter of this year. We see that coming back to us during the year as I said we'll grow with the market, and that's what making Q1 look at little smaller than it has been in the past. It -- but from our perspective we feel really good about the quarters to come and the biggest quarter will be the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne: So, roughly out of this 10 million tonne volume that you're forecasting for the Fertilizante segment, is it -- can you split that between what is kind of the legacy distribution business which you're -- the lower margin versus the margins in the $50 tonne range that you've in your phosphate and potash businesses and do you see that portion that is kind of legacy Fertilizantes phosphate production, could it reach the $50 a tonne range that you're forecasting for your legacy Mosaic operations and how long do you think it would take to get there?
Joc O'Rourke: Let me answer that fairly high level first of all as Rick mentioned earlier we're expecting about 4 million tonnes from the what you call the legacy Fertilizante business and then there would be about 6 million tonnes which is traditionally what we've shift out of our existing distribution business, the margin will be basically in three pieces, you're going to have -- your lowest margin will be in the what I would call the bulk commodity distribution. Our premium product margin is pretty good in terms of even in distribution we get a pretty good margin in that.  And then the rest of the margin will be made up with the Fertilizantes aspect or the B2B business. The B2B business will have pretty reasonable margins at this point and I think the highest that will be micro central followed by B2B and then bottom will be our bulk commodities. So that’s kind of the split of how it works and that adds up to as it was put in the pro forma and it really shows the split there I think quite clearly. 
Operator: Your next question is from Don Carson with Susquehanna.
Donald Carson: Thank you. Question follow up on Vale, you’ve said in the past that excluding your cost savings you think that through the cycle EBITDA can average $300 million. Where were we in 2017 and how do you see that given your strong phosphate market outlook for 2018.  And then just a follow up on your Joc on your market outlook, we saw a big pickup in demand ship building and potash in calendar 2017. What gives you confidence that these were actually pounds in the ground as appose to kind of channel inventory accumulation that could steal from forward demand?
Joc O'Rourke: Okay. Don, thank you for the question. Let me start by saying, I think the pro forma aren’t finished for the fourth quarter as you are well aware, but if we look at that, the EBITDA contribution from Vale Fertilizantes, I think in the first three quarters was pretty low because of low prices and the performance. So, as we look at 2017 most of the contribution if we combine them in the pro forma actually comes from our own distribution business.  The second piece of your question, the inventory situation and where we see potash, I’m going to give Mike a handover you in a second, but let me answer your question on a high level which is I believe this is actually going to the ground, we have not seen around the world, a big buildup of inventory. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Yeah, thanks Joc. And good morning Don. Yeah, we’ve taken up our 2017 estimate of global shipment pretty significantly as a result of recently released statistics where at 65 million tons of MLP shipments in 2017. That’s a nearly 7% increase, we think that has on, on the ground in most geographies.  If you look at on the statistics from Brazil, they’re showing that on December 31, stocks were down 8%, they’re holding 1.5 months' worth of inventory relative to production, we know that in India the pipeline is very low, same thing in China with the situation in Rhea [ph] it’s been a big increase in NPK production and drawdown our potash inventories at NPK plants. The one number that does jump out, I think in North America we had a very strong fall season, we had a very good response to winter fill following the $20 price increase announcement. So, there I think we will pull some demand forward, but generally we think that channel inventories around the world are in pretty good shape. And that for 2018 we are forecasting about 2.6% increase or about 1.7 million metric tonne increase in shipments again. 
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Ah yes, thanks good morning everyone. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on the 1-1.50 earnings per share guidance for 2018 and some of the underlying assumptions that kind of bend to the high and low end of that range in the potash, phosphate and the Fertilizantes businesses, I know you've given a volume range but any kind of calibration on kind of the pricing at the high end low end, the margin assumptions that kind of would lead us to one end or the other would be very helpful, thank you.
Joc O'Rourke: Thanks Adam. Let me hand most of that over to Tony, I think he probably has the best handle on what goes into that guidance. Tony do you want to just take that?
Tony Brausen: You bet. Adam good morning. We are not planning to give full year guidance at the margin or pricing level and as you may recall we didn't give that in the past either. What we are attempting to do by providing full year guidance in addition to the sales volume guidance is to just keep the strategic -- shift the focus to the more strategic and the long-term discussion but with that having been said let me give you a little bit of the detail in the assumptions that have gone into that guidance.  So, starting with the diluted share count now it's higher than it used to be because of the shares issued with the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition so now that's about 386 million. You've seen in the conversation this morning that we're expecting the effect of tax rate to be in the low 20s for 2018. Interest expense of course you'd expect that to be up year over year because we issued the debt late last year, tied to the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition.  So, we expect that interest expense to be up but still under a $200 million level. The other operating expense number, we're calling that what you often see in other operating expense are the notable items that we report and the $1.00 to a $1.50 is exclusive of any notable items.  So, you'd expect that other operating expense line in your model to be about you know what you'd typically see with no unusual items and so that would probably be in about the $40 million range. We've given SG&A guidance at 3.25 to 3.50 and of course we've given the range of ton guidance as well so hopefully that gives you some of the information you're looking for and with all of that information I think you'll be able to assess the range of gross margins from your perspective.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas: Thanks very much. As far as your plant city phosphate production, do you plan to bring that up later in 2018 or in 2019 and if you don't bring it back up at all do you have to write it down and if you wrote it down what would be the magnitude of the write-down.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay, thanks Jeff. Let me say we shut down plant city or sorry we idled plant city on the basis that we would assess the impact it had on softening the blow let's say of new production coming on line. You know since we idled the plant we have seen increased margin of stripping markets stripping margins of about $40 per ton. I believe part of this is directly attributable to our own actions here. And so, we expect to see a very improved conversion cost by focusing on our lower cost plants particularly if we can run these attire rates overtime.  So, what I would say is we will re-assess plant city in the next six to eight months and say did it really have the impact we expected, is there a market need that we really want to bring that back to satisfy or do we believe that the market will be able to meet the needs of our customers without that plant and us be able to focus on the lower cost production. So, with that I'm going to hand it over to Tony because Tony probably has a feel for the overall DD&A for that plant.
Tony Brausen: As I recall the DD&A I think it was in the 30 million neighborhoods perhaps 25 million somewhere in that range, Jeff and I don’t have that fully committed to memory and you asked also about an asset write-off if we were to permanently close, yes there is certainly would be I don’t have the net asset value of that operation committed to memory as well but if that's important to you we can that. But I would tell you any write-off if there were a permanent closure decision would be fully non-cash and would be reported as a notable item.
Joc O'Rourke: Well, there would be cash costs, let me highlight though is the closure cost and the actual closure of that site would need to be paid so the AR was need to be expensed at that point.
Operator: Your next question is from of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar : So, China [dap] exposure was down in 2017. What's your outlook for 2018? And then last year you had expected [debt map] shut downs in China which did not materialize at least in 2017 any chance that the situation could change this year and could we see shut down in 2018? 
Joc O'Rourke: I'm going hand this is to Corrine and Mike to talk about little bit. But let me start by saying there are some real factors in China that we talked about last year and I think because of higher pricing they maybe took longer to occur so and obviously that's a risk or opportunity this year if the prices are higher China's actions may be different. But here is some of the factors I think that are real relevant at this stage.  They definitely are running into higher environmental compliance cost which are driving cost higher. There is higher cost for some of the raw materials like ammonia again mostly driven by environmental changes and the restrictions on the use of coal, fired ammonia plants or coal gasification plants. We have environmental shutdowns that are occurring because of pollution issues and so these are becoming real issues. And then the last one is the idea of stock piling for domestic surety in the spring market those are all real factors that are going to affect China. But what I will say is our base line assumptions for this year do not include a substantial change in Chinese export, so what we're predicting today is basically flat Chinese exports now if that changes, that is all upside to our business case, Corrine?
Corrine Ricard: Yes, I think that's a good recap Joc, of what we're seeing today, the only additional thing that I would add is that we know that the January export numbers are about half of what they were last year in January, January is a small number but we look on track for the Q1 to start to see some reduction in those exports.
Tony Brausen: And what I would P.J. is I think you've to put that in the context of what's going on in the global phosphate market, I think as we mentioned on the last call if you look at the increase in demand that we expect in 2018, which is about 1.2 million tonnes, look at the closure of Plant City which takes another 1.7 million -- or 1.5 million tonnes out of the equation, that's a whole of about 2.7 million tonnes that has to be filled with the incremental production coming from somewhere and we know that the Ma'aden Al-Shamal joint venture will ramp up, we know it produced about 450,000 tonnes last year, if it produces somewhere in that 2 million tonne, mark, there's some tonnes there, OCP is ramping up its third hub, it has announced that the fourth hub has been delayed, and if you just assume that there'll be 2 million to 2.5 million tonnes of incremental supply coming from those two sources, that basically implies that the market is balanced, so anything that happens in China with respect to reduction in supply, simply tightens the market further.  And I guess I would go back to early comment, exports from China actually increased last year when you look at the China customs statistics. In 2016, exports were about 9.5 million tonnes and actually were 10.1 million tonnes last year according to custom statistics and basically as such the market needed those tonnes, and as Corrine points out there're real changes taking place this year, and we will admit that we jumped the gun a bit last year and called it a little bit early, but the bottom line is we think there's a very good likelihood that exports do drop this year and if that happens, that's just fuel on the fire, in terms of the S&D balance.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Christopher Parkinson: Your raw thoughts and what you actually consolidate, can you comment on the key drivers drive -- have resulted in the reduction in per tonne cost, your hesitation on how this will trend in '18 and also just any quick longer-term thoughts on rock trimming and production with Miski Mayo?
Joc O'Rourke: Sorry, I missed the piece on Miski Mayo, I didn't quite catch your question Chris. Could you just re-ask that?
Christopher Parkinson: The end of the question was simply just any longer-term thoughts on rock [indiscernible] at Miski Mayo, that's all?
Joc O'Rourke: Yes, so look yes, we had pretty good rock costs in the fourth quarter and I think those are actions that the phosphate team is doing to a, increase volumes and drive the -- again the low-cost operations and long term we expect that to continue as we continue to drive our cost and really look at efficiency in all our mining. So, I think that's a pretty good indication of what we can expect and certainly in the first half of this year coming up.  In the year, we intend to look at our rock strategy very holistically, so in other words we now have a completely different rock profile being with the idling of planned city, with the addition of the Miski Mayo tons from the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. We have an opportunity to really relook and rethink how we're going to optimize that rock and I think by doing that we will really be able to figure out what is the best option for us and that that really leads into your second question of what's going to happen with Miski Mayo.  At this stage our goal at Miski Mayo is to drive out cost and develop efficiencies particularly now that we've consolidated that into a 2% joint venture with ourselves and [Indiscernible] so we intend to really take a hard look at what we can do there. In terms of increasing production from Miski Mayo that will have to be assessed over time. 
Operator: The next question is from Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank.
Unidentified Analyst : What would your EPS guidance have looked like if you weren’t pro forma and then maybe how are you thinking about the [Indiscernible] in the Brazilian mine going forward do you expect to meet those [Indiscernible]?
Joc O'Rourke: First of all I'm going to take your questions, the accretion and dilution question on Vale and look what we see this year is with the improvements we made and yes I've gotten through them in further details I'm not going to rehash that but I think we are pretty much on track with where we saw we would be and I actually think that probably the Vale this year will be and it's hard to give an exact number but will be close to accretive this year or slightly accretive but it's going to be in that range of fairly neutral on the 34 million extra shares.  Sorry I missed getting your second question there. I was just making sure I have that question correct. Your question on our Brazil Potash mine now the Brazil Potash mine has a very local issue and so it really depends on how well it can deliver efficiently to a local market and at this stage it appears to be a quite competitive in that local market so I would say it has a very good chance with some improvements if that could be a good contributor.  In terms of your other cost or your other question as we ramp-up K3 we will continue to look at how do we serve our customers from the most efficient way possible now so that's going to depend on volume requirements it's going to depend on pricing and everything else but we can assure you that we continuously look at each of our assets and say are they adding the real kind of value that we believe they should and are we doing the best for our customers in terms of optimization and we will continue that.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Connelly with Stephens Inc.
Unidentified Analyst : At your Investor Day you presented us the ramp over the next couple of years. I was curious is your goal [Technical Difficulty] or are there other reasons or other work you are doing that makes that ramp more measured than it could be if the we're actually there to push more tonnes?
Joc O'Rourke: Look certainly let me first of all tell you the challenge if you will of developing a new mine, we get to the bottom of K3 which we did in February and you have basically what amounts to a 6 meter or 20 foot hole you have to develop out from that, that takes years, not months to get that done, at this stage we are dropping in our first raw miners now to underground, so we're starting to ramp up the rate at which we can develop and build out that mine, but we're doing it about as fast as we can, what will happen though is depending on the market whether we do -- we focus more on development or whether we focus more on bringing out tonnes, really depends a little bit on the market and then obviously the tradeoff being the ongoing costs of the K2 brine inflow but this is why new tonnes are not coming in as fast to market. 
Operator: Your final question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Vincent your line is open. And there is no response from Vincent.
Joc O'Rourke: Okay with that let me close off by a quick summary, we really finished the year with a strong quarter and significant momentum, this was driven not only by the market but important strategic decisions we made, strong operating performance, and so as we head into 2018, it's hard not to be optimistic about where we're going, but just let me summarize we continue to expand on our record of successful strategic actions to deliver real shareholder value across the cycle; with the acquisition in Brazil complete, we're now highly focused on achieving the savings targets and the business transformation we talked about and have outlined.  And finally, with business conditions improving from 2017 we expect this momentum to continue into this year. So, with that we're really excited about where this company is going in the next six to 12 months and we hope you are as well. Thank you very much for your attention.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co. Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Alexandre Falcao - HSBC Securities USA, Inc. Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Tyler L. Etten - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company's completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your question. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2017 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings discussion. Our business performed well in the third quarter, notwithstanding, the impacts of Hurricane Irma on our phosphates operations. Potash and phosphate sales volumes remained strong driven by continuing strong global demand and our margins improved as a result of lower production costs. For the quarter, Mosaic earned $0.65 per share including a benefit of $0.22 from notable items. Rich will add additional commentary and review our third quarter financial performance and fourth quarter guidance. So, let me start off by focusing on some significant actions being taken by Mosaic. We are implementing a number of important decisions to improve Mosaic's profitability and cash flow. Simply put, we are taking actions to make this company as competitive as it can be in any business environment. Our primary focus areas are: first, we intend to transform our phosphate business as we continue to leverage our global leadership position and focus on improving our profitability as new capacity comes online. Second, we are executing our plans to build our new shafts at Esterhazy K3 driving costs lower and ultimately eliminating brine management costs in our potash business unit. Third, we are planning to implement significant synergy and operational improvements in our fully integrated operations in Brazil after our pending Vale Fertilizantes acquisition closes. We believe these actions, combined with the dividend reduction will allow us to achieve our long-term balance sheet targets by the end of 2020. I'll provide some detail on each of these, starting with the phosphates business, where we are taking action to optimize our asset portfolio. We have decided to idle our Plant City, Florida concentrate plant, effective as of the end of 2017, for a period of at least one year. Plant City has the capacity to produce up to 2 million tonnes of finished phosphate products on an annual basis. This decision is similar to the moves we made to optimize our potash assets a couple of years ago. Those moves had the desired impact of lowering overall business unit production costs, reducing capital requirements and making Mosaic more competitive in the global marketplace. We are making the move in Florida for several reasons. First, Plant City is the highest cost facility amongst our Florida operations and it requires a disproportionate amount of sustaining capital each year. As a consequence of idling Plant City, we will be able to optimize our future capital investments and we can increase production at our most efficient Florida operations to offset a material portion of Plant City's output, should the market need more tons. We expect that idling the plant will improve our phosphates gross margin rate. Second, this move demonstrates the benefits of our global footprint. We will continue to deliver to our global customers and we'll do so with a lower cost profile. As our Ma'aden joint venture ramps up, we will be able to serve our distribution business and other Indian customers more effectively from a logistical perspective while generating higher margins. Additionally, we will focus our U.S. production on our customers in the Americas where we have a logistical advantage. We are idling Plant City rather than permanently closing it, because we want to preserve the optionality to recommence our production when market conditions warranted. We continue to believe that supply and demand scenarios for phosphates is constructive, with demand growth essentially absorbing new supply additions. Next, our potash expansion at K3 is expected to begin producing tons next summer and that will give us opportunities to further reduce our potash operating costs. The project remains on schedule and on budget. We are currently constructing the conveyor belt to deliver ore to the existing K2 mills and we are lowering mining machines to the potash seam, which is in the early stages of being built out for mining activities. Over time, we expect K3 to be among the lowest cost potash mines in the world and it will allow us the additional benefit of eliminating brine management expenses that have historically been $150 million a year. In South America, as we move closer to completing our acquisition of Vale Fertilizantes, we believe we will have substantial opportunity to drive costs lower and improve the operating performance of Mosaic's combined business in Brazil and Peru. Our sizable distribution assets the Miski Mayo joint venture and the upstream mining and production assets Vale Fertilizantes. We are preparing to transform the business which will drive substantial cash flow benefits beyond the synergies that we originally announced. Specifically, we expect to achieve at least $125 million in synergies, an additional $150 million in productivity improvements and at least $25 million in cash tax savings on an annual basis by 2020. We believe we can deliver $100 million in cash flow benefits in 2018 alone on top of organic business performance. We have plans to achieve these targets spanning the entire value chain, focusing on operational efficiencies, our commercial strategy, raw material sourcing, procurement and other savings categories. We remain encouraged by the long-term promise of the acquisition which will bring us high-quality assets that are ideally situated to serve the very strong Brazilian agricultural market. Finally, we are making additional moves to strengthen our balance sheet and preserve cash. In the near-term, we intend to pay down debt to return to our targeted long-term net debt to EBITDA ratio of roughly 2.5 times. As a result, we have reduced our annual targeted dividend to $0.10 per share. This move will save us approximately $200 million per year. We continually analyze all of our uses of capital in light of business conditions. Once we've returned to our target balance sheet ratios, we will revisit our dividend from this base. Our asset optimization review is ongoing and you can expect that we will make additional decisions that makes sense to maximize our operating efficiency and improve our profitability and competitiveness even as market conditions continue to improve. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich Mack for his commentary, including the third quarter and market conditions. Rich?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Joc, and good morning to you all. As Joc noted, our business performed well in the third quarter. I'll start with the Phosphate segment. Global demand remains strong as farmers seek to replace nutrients removed from the soil by large crops in most of the key growing regions of the world. Margins have been stable with the expectation of additional supply, healthy mead high demand. As we previously announced, Hurricane Irma impacted our phosphate operations in Florida. The combined effect of lost production time and damaged product resulted in approximately 220,000 tonnes of lost sales during the quarter. The storm tempered what was otherwise a very strong operating quarter for that business unit. In fact, for the first two months of the quarter, as you can see on the slide, the business operated at a gross margin rate of approximately 12%. The cost impact from the hurricane during the month of September was approximately $35 million with $26 million being realized in the third quarter bringing down our gross margin rate for the quarter to 9%. I would note that our phosphates team did a heck of a job in preparing for and dealing with the challenges that presented themselves during this period, which resulted in about a week's worth of downtime in our plants. I want to highlight the performance of our premium MicroEssentials product. Our MicroEssentials sales volumes are expected to reach another record this year, approximately 3 million tonnes and the margin compression we saw earlier in the year as expected, proved to be transitory. So with respect to phosphates, we are seeing improvements and we expect the actions, Joc described to drive further margin improvements in the future, keeping in mind some of the near-term expenses that need to be incurred to effect these changes. Turning to the fourth quarter, we expect phosphate shipping volumes to be in the range of 2.3 million tonnes to 2.6 million tonnes and we expect prices to be in the range of $320 to $350 per tonne. Our gross margin rate for the business is expected to be in the upper single-digits, including the estimated $9 million negative impact from Hurricane Irma, which will flow through inventory costs in the fourth quarter. During our last quarterly call, we reminded you that our ammonia supply contract with CF Industries takes effect this year. At the current market price of natural gas, we expect to pay approximately $330 per tonne FOB Louisiana and we plan to take about 200,000 tonnes of ammonia in the fourth quarter of 2017. These purchases will flow through our reported gross margins with about a one quarter delay, just like our other ammonia purchases. While the contract is underwater now, it was intended to generate shared producer economics over time, which remains our expectation. The contract provides us with reliable ammonia supply and protects us from volatility in nitrogen prices. Turning to the Potash segment. We continue to generate respectable margins as a result of well managed costs and improving price realization. Global potash demand remains strong as evidenced by the fact that many of the world's largest suppliers, including Canpotex are essentially sold out through the remainder of 2017 according to published reports. For the quarter, our sales volumes and prices came in near the top end of our guidance ranges and the business generated a gross margin rate of 21%. I want to emphasize the tremendous progress we have made on costs in this business. We took down higher cost production several years ago and to be sure this has had a real impact. But we have also made a wide range of innovative operational improvements and that is a testament to the hard work and creative thinking across our potash team. We look forward to applying a similar playbook to our phosphates business. During the quarter, we also recorded a $10 million charge comprised of a $40 million royalty expense, partially offset by a $30 million Canadian resource tax benefit, highlighted in the notable items table, related to an expected Canadian royalty resolution. The net cash impact is positive since we overpaid the province to avoid penalties and we will be collecting approximately $20 million in refunds in connection with the resolution of the matter. MOP cash cost per tonne were $101 and included $21 per tonne of expense for the royalty resolution and $15 per tonne of cash brine management expenses. For the fourth quarter, we expect potash sales volumes to be in the range of 1.9 million to 2.2 million tonnes and we expect prices to be in the range of $175 to $195 per tonne. The gross margin rate is expected to decline to the upper teens as a result of a higher proportion of higher cost Colonsay product flowing through the P&L during the quarter. And as a reminder, we made the decision to push out our Esterhazy turnaround to the fourth quarter earlier this year. In the International Distribution segment, our volumes and margins were at or above the high end of our guidance range, with third quarter being the seasonal peak for Brazil. We expect good performance in the fourth quarter in line with normal seasonal patterns. Sales volumes are expected to be in the range of 1.5 million to 1.8 million tonnes and we expect a gross margin per tonne of approximately $20. Moving on to full year guidance. We are further reducing SG&A and brine management expenses as a result of our ongoing focus on cost management. Other changes to full year estimates can be seen on the slide. In addition, after quarter end, we completed a lease finance transaction for the ammonia barge which resulted in a cash benefit of approximately $200 million. I also wanted to specifically address the underperformance of Vale Fertilizantes for the first nine months of 2017 and how Mosaic is viewing this challenge. Clearly, neither Mosaic nor Vale is happy with the reported results for an operation which historically has delivered significantly better performance. While there has been some turbulence in the phosphate sector in 2017, we absolutely believe that this business is strategically core to Mosaic and we are optimistic about its future, especially when viewed through the medium to long-term lens. We engage in a business that has been and likely will always be subject to cyclicality and we don't believe that 2017 should be viewed as an indicative year for this business. I can provide some examples. For instance, there are several unusual items impacting Vale Fertilizantes results, including major movement in the Brazilian reais, flooding at Miski Mayo, a plant fire at Uberaba, incentive compensation expenses tied to the iron ore performance, which obviously is faring better than fertilizer and operational costs that have been materially higher this year that should be transitory in nature. We believe that this base business being acquired should generate approximately $300 million in annual EBITDA when viewed on a through cycle basis prior to synergy capture and operational savings. The fact of the matter is that Mosaic is in the business of producing and selling fertilizer and Vale is in the business of running a successful iron ore business. We intend to approach the integration and roll-up of Vale Fertilizantes with an appropriate sense of urgency and apply Mosaic's operational model to accelerate business performance. Since we announced this transaction in December, we have been working diligently with world-class integration and consulting firms to identify and prioritize actions that can be implemented that are expected to drive significant positive financial improvements through this acquired business. Finally, I would like to reiterate Joc's message regarding the strategic moves we announced today. We are making these difficult decisions that have real impacts on many of our employees to make Mosaic as competitive as it can be regardless of where we are at in the cycle and part of that is improving our cash flow and reducing leverage. These moves will lead us to meaningful improvements in our financial performance and cash flow, which in turn will help us achieve our long-term capital management objectives. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Joc for his closing thoughts. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Rich. Mosaic is taking action to ensure we succeed across the cycle. We understand that efficient operations are essential to Mosaic's ability to generate long-term shareholder returns. I want to be clear, we are focused on enhancing Mosaic's profitability and competitiveness, while preserving our ability to a benefit from long-term market improvements and we continue to expect markets to improve over time. The future for this industry and our company remains very bright and we expect to win and grow now and as conditions improve. Thank you. And with that, we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. A lot of strategic actions announced this morning. Wondering if you could provide a little bit of thought relative to your Analyst Day in April and how the environment has changed that you're now looking at the phosphate operational capabilities differently, the dividend differently, the opportunities for restructuring of your existing Brazilian business differently and maybe any at least on the phosphate and Brazil restructurings, the cash costs associated with the actions? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks Adam. Look, let's go through these I guess one at a time. We have looked at – let's start with phosphates and then go to Brazil. But clearly, our thinking on Brazil has moved forward particularly since we've got CADE approval for our project and now that we know a lot more about what we're going to see there. So as we look at that, we still believe in the strategic benefits of this project, but we also know that we can find some significant synergies that we – that weren't available to us or weren't obvious to us as we looked at this from a higher level. So, in Brazil, our expectations and drive is to always make the most of this business that we can. And we think over the long-term, this is still a great strategic move. In terms of phosphates, yes, we have looked at the phosphates and looked at how new production is coming online. We've looked at how we play in the market and we're really using the same playbook as we used in potash a number of years ago, which is improve your overall margins of your business such that you're more competitive in any stage of the market. In terms of the dividend, we've always had a stated goal of a 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA ratio. By taking this action today, we're ensuring that we can get to our stated credit metrics under any set of market conditions. I'm going to let Rich make another couple of comments.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc, and happy Halloween, Adam. I think, Joc covered it. I would simply add, I think it's comparing us to today versus April. I would say, it's been a market leader and been proactive and responding to the current market environment. And so, I think that Mosaic has had a track record of taking tough decisions when needed and we believe that the transformational actions that we're talking about today are going to have a very positive impact in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and happy Halloween to everyone as well. Just a question, a follow-up on the Brazil activities. Oftentimes, after a transaction is closed the company comes back and once they've had access to more information, they upsize synergies and so forth. So I'm just curious, what – if you give us some detail on what sort of the underground work is that you did that got you to the higher synergies and to the improving I guess the $150 million is the working capital benefits. So if you could just help us understand, so the boots on the ground stuff that you did and then I guess also, is there upside potentially once you actually have a full look at the books on the other side of the deal close? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, Vincent. Let me look at this from a high level to start with. There's really a couple of buckets. Those are traditional synergies and then what we're calling operational improvements. And some of those, I'm going to give you some actual examples, because I think that really helps set the stage of what those are. So from a synergy perspective, you have all the normal synergies that we would expect, SG&A and others, but some of the ones that people may not think about, for instance truck freight. We spend probably $0.5 billion in Brazil in the combined business on freight and that will – we expect to by working on lower freight rates of the combined business and utilizing backhauls, we can save about $8 million. Likewise on rail, the Mosaic distribution system will now have access to the TIPLAM port and the VLI rail system. We can save $12 million there. Raw materials, sulfur, ammonia and limestone, by combining our two companies buying power, there is about $12 million. So there's some real substantial areas of improvements. Vale Fertilizantes has already gone through and to give them their credit, our procurement strategy for 2017 that will yield us $14 million year next year. They've gone through increasing the size of their trucks, which will yield them about $7.5 million next year. So when you add these up, the normal synergies added to the SG&A, we're very comfortable with our $125 million number. The $150 million number is going to take us a little longer to get, because those are the operational improvements that we believe we can make. And to get there what we've done is we have benchmarked our existing businesses and other businesses in the area and said, what level of efficiencies can we achieve and we've looked at this area-by-area in a great amount of detail. I was just in Brazil on Challenge sessions for all of these last week, and I think Rick and his teams have a very comprehensive answer to how we're going to get to those numbers. So, Vincent as you say, likely there's more, but we're committed to where we're at. And let me give Rich some time to give some more color to that as well.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Right, and Vincent, I think you're asking a very good question for context. And so when you set these synergy targets, you're doing it with a limited amount of due diligence that as you're signing up the transaction. And what's happened during the course of 2017 is we have had an ability to have hands on access to a lot of additional information particularly after we got antitrust approval which was only in August. And so we've had some very in-depth work with consulting firms that have identified the operational transformation that Joc highlighted. And obviously there is a lot of opportunity on the external spend amount. And so you're right, normally you would close the transaction and come out with numbers, but with the underperformance of this business in 2017, we thought it was important to try to put a little bit of context on how we're viewing it for today's call.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: The other thing just to note on all of what we just mentioned, very little of that requires investment to get there. There will be obviously some offsetting costs, but they won't be as great as you might have expected in other situations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Thanks for having me on the call. So, with Esterhazy K3 expansion set to come online next year and your role was trying to be a market leader. Would you consider doing something similar on the potash front similar to what you did at Plant City like idling Colonsay for example? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Andrew. Let me answer that this way. We are constantly looking at how we can best deliver the most economic product to our customers that we can. As such, we are constantly assessing not only our efficiency, but our overall footprint and how that's affected. So, we have done this in the past and I think you can assume that we will take similar leadership steps when the time comes to look at it in the future. As you're well aware, we've already shutdown both Hersey and Carlsbad MOP and those types of actions show that we're willing to take the actions required to operate for margins not for necessarily just tonnage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hello. Happy Halloween, guys. My question on your rock strategy. So, you're closing – sorry, idling Plant City, presumably that means you need less rock. Are you planning on idling some of the production in Florida or you're cutting down imports from overseas or how are you thinking about this long term?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Jonas. Happy Halloween to you as well. So, our rock strategy is a little bit influx right now and I don't want to be indirect, but we need – certainly we need less rock and there is an implication to that at least over the next year. But recognize that in the next couple of years, we will have to move from our existing mining areas to what is the owner deposit, so either the South Pasture Extension or the Four Corners Extension. These two moves will require us to have new rock sources in the future as the existing South Fort Meade mine runs down. So to get there, today, we're probably build up a little bit of inventory using South Pasture, but recognize that inventory will be depleted as some of these other mines wind down. Also with our increased ownership of Miski Mayo that will definitely have a positive impact on our rock balances. So I would say in the next six months, we'll have a more comprehensive look at not only how can we optimize rock supply against our system, but how can we increase our flexibility and minimize the capital required for that whole system.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna.
Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Just a question on your outlook for the phosphate cycle. You've made reference to obviously new capacity coming online from – in Saudi Arabia. We've got Morocco and you're taking actions to offset that. But the Chinese haven't cut production yet. They've just signed a deal with OCP to import rock. So how do you see Chinese production over the next few years? And what's your general view of where we are in the phosphate cycle?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Don. I'm going to turn that over to Mike to talk about that. But before I do that, let me say we've made these plans irrespective of what we expect to see from China. So in other words, as you saw in the charts in the presentation, we think we've by taking the actions we've taken, the market will be constructive for the next few years irrespective of what China does or assuming China just stays where they are today. With that, I'll hand it over to Mike to give some color on the long-term S&D (30:13)
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: All right. Thanks, Joc and good morning, Don. Yeah. Let me just – I think we can treat it in a fairly simple way. In 2018, we expect that global shipments will grow almost 2% or about 1.3 million tonnes. And with the idling of Plant City, if you look at our 10-K, that plant has produced about a 1.5 million tonnes over the last three years or so. So, you have about a 2.8 million tonne hole to fill. And if you look at the new capacity that's scheduled to come on stream next year, we believe Ma'aden will probably produce 1.5 million to 2 million tonnes and the fourth hub that comes up, probably I think OCP has indicated that will not come up until the first quarter, so call that a 0.5 million to 750,000 tonnes. That gives you about 2 million to 2.75 million tonnes of potential new supply to fill that hole. So I think in the best case, there will need to be a few more tonnes coming from the rest of the world. And our plan is to optimize operations, try to squeeze more tons out of our existing plants in Florida. So I think, in short, we talked about – this hopefully shifts this cycle forward or up about a year in terms of the overall supply and demand balance. With respect to China, we certainly admit or recognize that we made an early call on China and jumped the gun a bit. If you go back to our Analyst Day, we had talked about China exports this year dropping into the 7 million to 8 million tonne range and clearly, we were early on that. And part of that is due to the fact that demand has just been so good throughout the world, whether it's been in Pakistan, Indonesia or whatever. If you look at the Chinese Custom Statistics, there are some very, very impressive increases in Chinese exports to the major Asian markets. But we do think that and Corrine can probably comment on some of the trends. We do think there will be significant structural changes that take place in China and over time, we think that industry is going to evolve into one that's a little bit smaller, that's going to be more profitable and operate at a higher and more consistent rate. And the bottom line there in terms of our global long-term supply and demand, we still think China needs to be an exporter or supplier of probably 6 million to 8 million tonnes of high analysis phosphate products to meet global demand.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: I would just add, you made a comment about the rock import deal. And I think this is further evidence of a clear environmental policy that is happening in China which will be part of contributing to the rationalization, that along with a very, very high debt level. We're seeing the government being very stringent in their enforcement for the environmental rules and it's impacting the nitrogen market and we believe we will see it in the rock exports as well. And don't forget we've got a significant tax coming in 2018 related to environmental compliance, which should increase cost between $10 and $15 for the high end of the non-integrated producers. And so significant impact both on the cost curve, I think in the long-term, we will continue to see the rationalization we've been expecting.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: And just one thing I would add is that, after the Saudi Arabian project comes on, there's very little new capacity in the pipeline and we see the global operating rate trending upward over the next five years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexandre Falcao with HSBC.
Alexandre Falcao - HSBC Securities USA, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Guys, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the impact on closing down Florida. What's the impact exactly, if you can share with us a little bit on CapEx and on COGS per tonne on closing there? Is that significant? What's the magnitude of that?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Let me hand that straight over to Rich just to answer that question. He has the detail.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Alexandre, we would expect – there's a number of different benefits that come as a result of the idling of Plant City. In the short-term in the fourth quarter, we'll have a severance charge of somewhere in the vicinity of $20 million and then we would expect that we will see cash savings in 2018 of roughly $40 million to $50 million and that's comprised of capital, less capital spend and it's also comprised of working our best assets in Florida harder and reducing our conversion costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi, just wanted to touch base a little bit in terms of your expectations for the upcoming fall season in the U.S. I know the harvest has been a little bit late, but any sort of read on what type of expectations you have for applications this fall?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Michael. Yeah. Absolutely, the fall seems to be coming a little late and people are still focused on harvest, but I'll hand it over to Mike and Corrine to talk a little bit about the fall season and how that's progressing.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Michael. Yeah, as you know, the harvest is late this year. As of yesterday, I think 54% of the corn was in the bin versus five year average of about 72%. Soybean harvest for all intents and purposes is nearly complete, at about 83%. So we're beginning – as the soybeans are removed, it kind of opens things up for fall application for P and K, and our expectations are still very good. When you look at 2018 new crop prices and big round numbers, we're still looking at $4 corn, $10 soybeans and $5 wheat prices. And we do believe that farm economics remain constructive for P and K demand, and I think that's evident in terms of the interest that we've seen. The other factor that I think Rich mentioned in his comments is just the fact that we've had tremendous harvest the last four years or so. And agronomically, there is a need to replenish those soils. Given more moderate and stable P and K prices, we are seeing farmers step up to the plate and replenish some of those soil nutrient levels.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: And while we've got a late harvest, we have seen some terrific fall seasons in these past years with big shipments happening really through December even. And so, we're still looking forward to a strong fall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank.
Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc.: It's Oliver Rowe on for Ben. Thanks for taking my question. Last week, Potash Corp offered a healthy potash demand forecast for 2018 with the midpoint of 65 million tonnes tonnes, do you have a consistent view and could you share thoughts on some of those key drivers such as inventories, affordability or regional demand, that's really driving it?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Oliver. I'm going to hand this pretty much straight over to Mike. But yeah, we have a very constructive demand picture for potash over the next couple of years and Mike will give you the details.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. I'd characterize demand in three ways. One, it's very strong. We're expecting basically 3% growth. Over the next five years, we're not an outlier by any means. I think you look at CRU forecasts are at 3.3% CAGR for the next five years. So we're looking at strong growth. Second characteristic we're looking at very broad based growth, is kind of like the OECD countries that are all showing positive economic growth for the first time in several years, kind of the same thing applies to potash. And thirdly, we're looking at less volatile demand growth. If you look at demand over the last six years, I think three years it was up, three years it was down, all the growth took place in 2014. We think the next five years are going to be much more consistent in terms of growth. As far as specific numbers go, our current point estimate for 2017, we think we'll end the year with shipments of 4.4% or 2.7 million tonnes and that's certainly one of the key drivers of the improvement in prices that we've seen. For next year, we're projecting a point estimate about 65.2 million tonnes. We're using a range of 64 million to 66 million tonnes in terms of where we think shipments will go next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. What are the cash costs of reducing expenses in Brazil by $275 million? And how much do you expect to lower your DAP/MAP production in the U.S. net by the closing of Plant City? Is it more than a 1 million tonnes or less than a 1 million tonnes?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Jeff. If your question is what's the cost to implement? Most of what we're doing in the first year or so is pretty low cost. There might be some small capital and there'll obviously be some restructuring charges that we will incur. I'll hand that over to Rich to talk a little bit about what that might mean in terms of the unit cost, if that was your question. And in terms of how much lower our U.S. production will be. Mike specified, we will be closing in the range of 1.5 million average tonnes per year. We can make up probably up to half of that over the next couple of years through our other operations if we run them harder. So I would say net-net, just under a 1 million tonnes of production would be lost post closure.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: And, Jeff, I guess I would just add. We will provide more detail once we get the deal closed with respect to Vale Fertilizantes on a little bit more of a deep dive into some of the expense categories and numbers and costs to achieve. But as Joc noted, I think the vast proportion of the targeted $275 million savings by 2020 are going to relate to things that don't require a lot of investment. I mean certainly there will be severance costs related to any people impacts that could be associated with that. But when you start talking about the external spend categories, raw materials, chemicals, MRO supplies, logistics, energy those are just aggregating our purchasing power along with what is currently maintained by Vale Fertilizantes and harvesting a lot of savings that don't require any upfront capital or expenses associated with it. And then similarly, when you start talking about the bottlenecking operations or increasing wrench time, better asset utilization, again this is operating philosophy and maximizing your per unit costs as much as possible. And there will be some small capital expenditures that will be associated with that, but we do not believe that it's going to be significant. So, more details to come in a few months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. The ammonia contract with CF is a cost of production basis, but you mentioned you're underwater currently, what's the mechanism for getting caught up?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Let me hand that straight over to Rich to give you the details there, John.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, John, it's going to – it really depends what spot ammonia prices were there at and as they fluctuate in the money or out of the money calculation is going to move. And so I would think of it as shared producer economics, not solely producer economics and it's really tied to the movement in natural gas prices plus what spot ammonia prices are. And today, yes, it's underwater less so with some of the most recent ammonia price increases that we've seen in the last couple of weeks. But over time, we expect that there will be periods where we are in the money and there will be will be periods where we're slightly out of the money.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And just to give some specifics, I think today we announced that the cost this quarter will be circa $330, spot ammonia today or our last ammonia contract is $305. So, they're almost identical right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. Could you talk about the Vale asset, talk a little bit of challenge, underperformance this year that you weren't so happy with and Vale is not so happy with. Can you help us unpack a little bit of some of the things that happened to the businesses like what is sort of run rate EBITDA right now from your kind of guesses for the first nine months of the year? And we know the business then $11 million or $12 million, when you ex out the unusual items, what do you think the business is running at? And when speak of $125 million or so $100 million of improvements – cash flow improvements next year on that business, are you speaking off of the base of this year or what's the base you're running that off of?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Joel. Look, let me make a couple of general comments, and then I'm going to hand it over to Rich for a little more detail. Some of the things that they've been faced with this year not – just unusuals if you will. Today, they're ramping up, let's call the Patrocínio mine, well they're still running their Araxá mine. So, they're actually running two mines inefficiently rather than running one. Once we get through that and there's been some permitting issues, which have slowed the ramp up of that beyond what Vale expected. To peer out, you're probably all aware, there's a big dam raise it has to happen and some permitting, which is led to some inefficiencies over this year. So there's a couple of things that are abnormal and Rich mentioned a bunch of more and he'll go on to that again. But one of the things I would say is Vale, our good mining company, but I think in some of the areas, because this is so small compared to their other operations that it may have got less attention than it might have deserved. Rich, do you want to talk a little more about the detail?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. So, Joel just some context I would give, 2017 has not been a good year at Vale Fertilizantes. This is an asset being held for sale, their leadership, their principal leader and their financial executive, I think were gone in the April or May time horizon. And if you take a look at it historically, it's have a lot of volatility, there's no doubt about that, there have been years in the last five or six years, a couple of years north of $500 million of EBITDA contribution, the low watermark in that period of time was probably in the $150 million or so range and only one year that we see any sort of performance below $200 million in EBITDA. We do not believe that there is anything structurally wrong, at least as best that we can tell from our vantage point today. And we have had a number of kind of interesting issues in 2017. FX is one, we can't control FX and by the way our numbers on the $275 million do not include any improvement from a financial perspective in terms of foreign currency, so we're not banking on that. But Joc noted, I think the principal ones, they've had a number of production challenges both on the chemical side of it and also on the mining side. Miski Mayo, we know that that has flooded, that's a multiple millions of dollars. There is incentive compensation based at this subsidiary – based on the parent company's performance which is tied to iron ore, that's a significant chunk of money that is influencing their financial performance this year. They've had a couple of fires that have had some downtime with respect to their operations and Joc talked about the transition from mining operations which are inherently inefficient. And so, our base would be, we would say $300 million and normalized annual EBITDA should be what you see on a through cycle basis, some years higher, some years lower. And the actions that we're taking, the Mosaic imprint on it should be on top of that base. I hope that's responsive to your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. I was curious as to your view as to how much of the shipment increases globally in P and K this year may have been led to – may have led to higher channel inventory levels around the world or do you see it as being primarily a function of increased demand? And are you seeing much of this product flowing into the U.S. in any particular areas in the U.S. that are increasingly competitive because of imported product?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Steve. I'm going to hand that straight over to Mike, that's a couple of prongs on that question. So, you're ready for it?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Yeah, good morning, Steve. Good to talk to you. Yeah, I think in our view, most of it is going down on the farm, there maybe a few delays in North America, in Brazil for a variety of reasons. But, farm economics remain strong, on-farm demand remained strong. Let me give you an example, in India for example, they just increased the minimum support prices for most of their Rabi crop. They took their price of wheat up from $250 a metric tonne to $267 metric tonne. I think that's nearly a 7% increase. At the same time, Indian farmer – and that translates into wheat prices of about $7.27. And with Indian farmers paying less than $100 for urea and low – well below market values for P and K, that is generating good on-farm demand. Now, India has been slow to buy and we think that inventories are getting pulled down at the farm level, that's just one example. But I think generally, given the strong agronomic and economic drivers that we've talked about, on-farm demand worldwide is good and we don't see any particular increase in channel inventories worldwide. Corrine, do you have any comments?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: No, I would agree. In fact, I think you actually see very tight inventories in India and some of these Asian markets that have had really strong demand and are unable at this point to even secure enough offers from some of these markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Post the close of the Vale transaction, you mentioned that you'll have an option to run more Miski Mayo rock through your operations, could you help us think about how this will impact your production costs, in particular, what are the relative economics of shipping rock to Louisiana from Peru versus Florida?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Sandy. I'll give you a short answer to this. As we said earlier, this whole rock strategy is probably what I would call still in flux. We have been doing testing recently though to check how effectively we can use Miski Mayo rock both in Louisiana at higher levels and in Florida as a blending material. Miski Mayo rock to Louisiana from Peru is actually quite inexpensive, because we bring it in as a backhaul from most of the exports from the U.S. Gulf. So, it tends to be fairly inexpensive to ship product from Peru to Florida. As a matter of fact, I think it's cheaper to ship product from Peru to Louisiana than it is from Florida to Louisiana. So, in that sense, it's a more than legitimate source of product for us, particularly for Louisiana. But we'll give you a lot more detail on that as we get a better understanding of our overall rock needs and particularly with Miski Mayo, what contracts do we have, what is the best use of that rock compared to whether you sell it in the market or whether you use it for your own purposes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone. It's Dan Jester on for P.J. Just taking a look at your shipments forecast for 2018 for China, it looks like shipments for both phosphate and potash are going to be below 2015. And I think that's the only region in the world which that's the case. So if you kind of step back, can you walk us through what your sort of longer term growth outlook for fertilizer shipments in China looks like and maybe touch a bit on some of supportive policy comments from the government that you flagged in the presentation. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Dan. Obviously going to hand this fairly quickly over to Mike. But as Mike said, the growth in shipments are very broad based, it's not one country anymore, it's a number of countries that seem to be increasing their demand and improving their agriculture, right.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, thanks, Joc, and good morning, Dan. Let me just say at the onset, our demand forecast for China do not take into account any of the recent developments related to biofuels. And I think that's a big uncertainty that we continue to examine. If they develop as much biofuels capacity as they have indicated, I think that's a bit of a game changer in terms of demand. So, let's put that aside and just look at how we see demand evolving. In the case – and in the two different situations in our view, we're projecting I mentioned 3% compound annual growth rates for potash. And we think China will be among the leaders of the pack, because China still does not use enough potash relative to nitrogen and phosphate. So, as they attempt to achieve better nutrient balance improvement in nutrient use efficiency, expanding their production of oil seeds as well as feed grains, we think there's upside in terms of Chinese potash demand. And in fact, we have that growing essentially I think it's in that 2% to 3% range. In the case of phosphate, we think it may be a little bit different in the sense that China has developed a big phosphate industry, they use a lot of phosphate. And as a result, we have a bit flatter outlook for phosphate demand in China. As I said, if there is a biofuels development that all could change and certainly with higher support prices for various crops and whatnot that could happen. So, China is a good growth engine for potash. We think it's a very big stable force for phosphate long-term.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you. Can you just comment on just your general global strategy for exports? It appears you'll be servicing Central Asia more indirectly from Ma'aden. But can you comment on what you're seeing in Latin America, especially Argentina, Uruguay and whether or not you're seeing the increasing competition from Russia and/or Morocco and your expectations for 2018? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Chris. Yes, absolutely as per our announcements. We think that Ma'aden has a substantial competitive advantage because of freight into India and Asia, which is why we're focusing our Florida production into Central America, South America and North America where it has a competitive freight advantage. So, I'm going to let, Corrine talk a little bit about how those develop and our expert strategy.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. As Joc mentioned, our Asian markets will probably be best served from our joint venture in Saudi Arabia rather than shipping all the way out of Florida. We do expect our freight advantages are largely in the Americas. And while there is a lot of competition there, it's a market that lots of our competitors like to hit as well. It is a primary freight advantage for us. And so, we'll be focusing pretty heavily on the Americas and our forward export strategy.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And let me say that while those will be the focus, clearly because we have such a good geographic diversity now with production in Brazil, production in North America and production in Saudi, we can arbitrage those markets as we see fit. So, that doesn't mean it's an absolute that we will only ship to Asia from Ma'aden, we may well still ship from the U.S. if that makes sense. And if those markets are slower, so it really gives us a strategic advantage around the world. This is our last question here please.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Tyler Etten with Piper Jaffray.
Tyler L. Etten - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, guys. Thanks for sending me in the end here. I was wondering if you could just talk about the Brazilian markets, a lot of ag companies are talking about declining farmer confidence because of the macro issues and political issues. Just wondering what you're seeing down there and how you're thinking about that market as we go into 2018?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Tyler. I'll let Mike and Corrine talk about this as well. But let me say, I was just in Brazil last week going through and my own view is there is very high confidence in the long-term opportunities for agriculture in Brazil through all the turmoil in Brazil, agriculture seems to be the one sector that has been relatively insulated and unaffected. We believe there is great opportunity for growth there. The farmer margins are still strong. And from our perspective, at least in the markets we sell, the confidence is still strong. Corrine, do you want to add anything to that or Mike?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: I'd just say in terms of our five year demand projections, Brazil is near the top of the pack. We would expect growth rates to continue in that 3% to 4% range or better. I think all of the trends that are in place now we fully expect to continue. Just as to throw out some numbers right now, I think the reais closed yesterday at BRL 3.29, the March soybean contract closed at BRL 99.5 (59:15), that's $32 or almost BRL 33 per bushel of soybeans. If you look back and take a look at an average since 2010, that's been $28 and even the average since 2015 has been $32. So soybean economics despite all of this noise in the market, is strong as it's ever been. So we think that that will continue to drive expansions in soybean area and every hector sector that's brought into production is equal to about a 0.5 tonne of nutrients. So no, we don't – we haven't changed our view at all in terms of the potential strength of the Brazilian market.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: So, let me close here today by saying Mosaic continues to use its leadership position to make the right moves for the long-term strength of the company. We intend to be the most competitive we can be in any market going forward. So with that, thank you very much for your time and your questions. Have a great Halloween.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes The Mosaic Company's third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co. Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc. Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Milan Hemendra Shah - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Daniel Lungo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. Mosaic delivered sequentially improved earnings for the quarter, as the business environment played out much as we expected it to. Mosaic earned $0.28 per share, including a $0.01 negative impact from notable items, on $1.75 billion in net sales. We have three key messages for you today. First, our capital preservation and cost reduction efforts are yielding meaningful benefits. Second, we are making good progress as we plan for the integration of Vale Fertilizantes. And third, we are managing the business to capitalize on the long-term opportunity as potash and phosphate markets have stabilized and improve from 2016 lows. I'll provide some thoughts on these themes now, and then Rich will give you details on the quarter before my closing comments. The market environment has improved. In Potash, published spot market prices today are up $40 to $50 per tonne from the lows in the third quarter of last year, while average phosphate stripping margins have increased $10 to $15 per tonne over that same period. As we expected, the market recovery has been gradual, and the cyclical trough has pressured our profitability and cash flow. We have taken far-reaching actions to adapt and to ensure Mosaic can compete across the cycle. In fact, a good portion of our revenue declines over the last several years have been offset by cost reductions and raw materials price declines. We have achieved meaningful expense reductions. It is important to note that these are permanent reductions. We are not simply turning off the spending spigot for short-term gain. Our ability to lower capital spending is facilitated by substantial mechanical integrity efforts while maintaining operational reliability and safety. In fact, after substantial continued review, we have further lowered our CapEx guidance for 2018 and beyond by $50 million to approximately $750 million per year excluding Vale Fertilizantes. As it relates to capital, we remain focused on maintaining a solid balance sheet and a healthy liquidity buffer. We also remain committed to taking the actions necessary to maintain investment-grade credit ratings. We are lowering costs, reducing brine management and capital expenditure requirements, and continually working to optimize our asset portfolio. One example of our continued asset optimization, last week we completed the sale of a significant vacant tract of land on the Mississippi River in Louisiana for $52 million. When we issue debt to fund the cash portion of the pending Vale Fertilizantes acquisition, our leverage ratios are expected to rise, and our subsequent priority will be to pay down debt and return to our through-cycle targeted balance sheet metrics. We remain bullish on the long-term prospects for Brazil. Upon closing the acquisition, we will add high-quality low-cost assets, and we expect to have a significantly amplified presence in the extremely promising Brazilian agricultural market. Now I will turn the call over to Rich for his review of the quarter. Rich?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Joc, and good morning to you all. This morning I'll briefly review our segment performance and guidance, and I will address some other factors that influenced our results for the quarter. Starting with phosphates, shipment volumes and prices both came in near the top of our guidance ranges. Our phosphates gross margin rate at 8% was in the range of our updated guidance, taking into account the mechanical issue that occurred in March at our Faustina, Louisiana plant and the resulting impact on our cost of ammonia. The major turnaround at Faustina is completed. The final costs associated with the turnaround and ancillary startup issues are expected to have an immaterial impact on results for the third quarter and are included in our guidance. During the quarter, MAP product premiums compressed against global benchmarks. Additionally, the North American market traded at a steep discount to global prices due to a high level of imports at New Orleans. While the MicroEssentials sales price relationships to MAP remain consistent, the decline in MAP prices negatively impacted expected MicroEssentials margins in the period. We expect this margin compression for both MAP and MicroEssentials to be transitory in nature. Going forward, we expect to continue to generate higher margins on sales of MicroEssentials and to capture an additional margin when we sell through our own distribution channel in Brazil. I would like to point out a few other points of interest related to our phosphates business. First, the new ammonia vessel constructed for our use has been launched and is expected to begin regular trips across the Gulf of Mexico in the very near future. The vessel gives us logistics certainty and strategic flexibility, with deliveries of ammonia from CF Industries in Louisiana to a port near our operations in central Florida. Our ammonia contract with CF is now in effect and expected to increase our ammonia costs in the fourth quarter. While the contract is under water at today's spot ammonia and natural gas prices, the contract was intended to provide us with shared producer economics, and we continue to see this contract as accomplishing that goal. We have also increased our estimate of costs to repair the sinkhole at New Wales by $14 million because we determined that the void is larger than originally estimated. I want to note that the confining layer beneath the gyp stack has already been substantially sealed, and we are working to fill the remaining void to stabilize the existing plug. For the third quarter, we expect phosphate shipment volumes to be in the range of 2.2 million to 2.5 million tonnes, and we expect prices to be in the range of $310 to $330 per tonne. In order to meet robust global demand, our operating rate is expected to remain high, in the mid-80% range. We expect the segment's margin rate to be in the range of 7% to 9%, primarily as a result of the temporary compression in MAP and MicroEssentials margins, as previously noted. We are also narrowing the full-year volume guidance from 9.5 million to 10.25 million tonnes to 9.5 million to 10 million tonnes for the year. While we continue to expect that Chinese phosphate exports will be down this year compared with 2016, they remain a wildcard. Volumes are difficult to predict, but our estimate is that China will export around 9 million tonnes, down from 9.5 million tonnes last year and down from 11.6 million tonnes in 2015. Year to date, exports are up 26%, which we believe is driven by a combination of factors, including a poor domestic season, a jump in phosphate prices, and a desire to take what little cash margin is available before newly implemented export taxes and costs increase. Starting in 2018, we continue to expect that additional compliance costs related to the new environmental standards in China will put further pressure on Chinese phosphate exports. Moving on to the potash segment, sales volumes and prices were in the middle of our guidance ranges, while our margin rate was slightly higher than guidance as a result of our ongoing cost control efforts. Market dynamics continue to strengthen, and the recent settling of a Canpotex contract with Chinese customers provided additional stability. While the contract price was at the low end of our expectations, it is good to have resolution because it helps demand emerge in other parts of the world. In addition to driving costs out of our production operations, we are also reducing brine management costs as a result of investments we have made over the past several years. Our brine management processes are more efficient today, and we have been able to reduce spending as we look ahead to the K3 Esterhazy transition. We now expect full-year brine cost to be in the range of $150 million to $160 million, down from prior guidance of $160 million to $180 million. For the third quarter, we expect potash sales volumes to be in the range of 1.9 million to 2.2 million tonnes. We expect average realized prices to dip slightly to a range of $165 to $180 per tonne, primarily as a result of a shift in product mix as we recognize higher volumes of sales of standard-grade tonnes shipped to China. We expect the segment's gross margin rate to be in the range of 15% to 18%, which reflects both the anticipated low 80% utilization rate and the stronger Canadian dollar. We expect to operate at lower rates in the fourth quarter after deferring some of the planned annual maintenance at our Esterhazy mine until October. For the full year, we are narrowing our Canadian resource tax guidance to $90 million to $110 million from $85 million to $135 million, and we are also narrowing our full-year potash volume guidance to 8.1 million to 8.6 million tonnes, from 8.0 million to 8.75 million tonnes. In the International Distribution segment, our volumes were within our guidance range, despite some deferred demand in Brazil. Our margins of $24 per tonne exceeded guidance as a result of a higher mix of our premium MicroEssentials products and price appreciation on inventories. For the third quarter, we expect international distribution volumes to be in the range of 2.3 million to 2.6 million tonnes, and we expect a margin to be in the low $20 per tonne range, assuming a Brazilian reais at current levels. Our full-year volume guidance is now 6.75 million to 7.25 million tonnes. In the corporate segment, I want to note that the loss we recorded in the second quarter is primarily due to higher profit in inventory eliminations, which is largely the result of our own manufactured products sold to our distribution business to build up inventory in Brazil ahead of an anticipated strong third quarter. Profits are recognized in the manufacturing segment and eliminated in the corporate segment. Once that inventory is sold to a third party, we will recognize the profit in the corporate segment, so this is purely a matter of timing. As this inventory is being sold in the third quarter, we expect almost all of the negative adjustment to unwind and benefit consolidated gross margins. This swing reflects the normal seasonality in our business, combined with the fact that we only recognize revenue and profits when our products are sold to third parties. Our tax guidance has also changed. We now expect our effective annual tax rate to be zero to slightly negative as a result of an increase in expected foreign earnings and a lower proportion of domestic earnings, as well as relatively constant depletion deductions. There is a high level of variability in our expected tax rate as a result of potential fluctuations in pre-tax earnings and mix of global income sources. Before I conclude, I would like to note that we recorded $12 million in equity earnings from our Ma'aden Wa'ad Al-Shamal joint venture during the quarter. The earnings came in earlier than expected and resulted from strong sales of ammonia during a seasonally high period for ammonia prices. In addition, the Wa'ad Al-Shamal project has produced its first test tonnes of finished phosphate product, and we expect production to begin in earnest later this month. The project is likely to produce approximately 0.5 million tonnes of product later this year, with potential modest upside depending on how the ramp-up of the mega-project occurs. To summarize, we remain focused on the things that we can control at Mosaic. We have driven major costs out of our system, and we are making prudent capital decisions so that we can succeed across the cycle and deliver shareholder value for the longer term. With that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Joc for his concluding remarks. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Rich. With all the challenges our industry has faced over the past few years and with companies' equity valuations at low levels, I can understand why many investors are less focused on the long term. But I think it is important to reiterate that we strongly believe that this industry will realize tremendous long-term value. Near-term, uncertainties remain, including trends in grain prices and new fertilizer capacity. New capacity comes to the market in big steps, and the capacity expansions we all started when markets were strong are bringing new tonnes when markets are softer. But grower demand has persisted in a steady upward climb, despite tough farm and commodity economics. In fact, next year we expect another step up in global shipments for both potash and phosphates, with both nutrients achieving record shipments. That's driven by two factors that are not going to change. First, farmers have a strong incentive to maximize their yields and in turn, their revenue per acre, and balanced crop nutrition is required for higher yield. And second, the globe's demand for food will continue to increase. To put it simply, agriculture's increasing demand for crop nutrients will absorb the new supply over time. Mosaic is in excellent position now, with our cost and capital controls delivering real benefits, and we are extremely well positioned to outperform when business dynamics strengthen. Our many moves over the past several years and our pending Vale Fertilizantes acquisition create tremendous earnings leverage and opportunity for our shareholders. Finally, we received notice that CADE [Administrative Council for Economic Defense] has approved our acquisition of Vale Fertilizantes, subject to a 15-day appeal period. There are other closing conditions that have yet to be made, but we continue to believe we remain on track to close later in 2017. With that, we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Just a follow-up question on your Chinese export view, I believe the press release says it's important to your near-term outlook. So can you just help us understand how you expect, if their export reduction does take place as you anticipate, how that's going to flow through 3Q, 4Q, and into next year? I assume the impact is limited to your expectations for 3Q, but clarifying the walk into next year would be helpful.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Vincent, thanks for your question. And let me just start out by saying we expect, with the tax changes and whatnot that they're going to make in China that next year we will definitely see a decrease of those exports as their overall cost rises. But I'm going to let Corrine and Mike talk about the Q3 and Q4 impact, as we've seen slightly higher shipments so far this year, but that's been driven largely by a higher price and maybe a desire to get cash in the bank before these tax changes. So I'm going to let Corrine and Mike tag- team the rest of that. Corrine and Mike?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: All right, guys. Thanks, Joc. Let me give it the first shot. Just to reiterate what Rich said in the comments, year to date, exports are down 26%, about 800,000 tonnes – I'm sorry, they're up 800,000 tonnes. We expect that we'll end the year at about 9 million tonnes, which is down about 500,000 tonnes. So second half of the year we're expecting about 1.3 million fewer tonnes exported from China. The reason for that is, one, we expect the domestic market to really kick in here over the next few weeks. The other factor is that I think there is increasing cost pressure in China. And we've seen an increase in sulfur prices. The Chinese producers do not necessarily have a competitive advantage in terms of sulfur prices or ammonia prices since they make most of their ammonia with coal, and coal prices have actually increased over the last six months. And then I think the best evidence of that is there was an announcement this morning that the publications indicated that the Six Plus Two Group met. And surprisingly, they've taken their price floor up to $350 per tonne. And whether or not that holds remains to be seen, but I think it's really indicative of the fact that cost pressures exist and they're working to try to move prices up.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Mike. One of the other I think supportive factors for that announcement about the prices holding, the domestic price in the interior is up probably about $15 – $10 to $15 higher than what the export equivalent would be for those producers, and therefore, I think a reason why they'll either hold on those export prices or they'll be shipping to that domestic market for season.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And just let me close by saying on this one that China does remain probably the biggest wildcard in terms of the phosphate market in the next six months. We are well aware of what's going to happen with increased production from the North Africans and the Saudis. But we really – you can't predict unless we have a pretty good view of what happens in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. So I just want to ask a little bit more about the phosphate margins. So obviously, the prices and premiums have had a negative impact, as you guided (21:03) in your prepared commentary. But you've also done some pretty good things on the operational side to help lower costs as well, so that should be helping the margin a bit. Just longer term, I know you probably won't be able to provide some more specific guidance. But just generally, could you help us walk us through the path or the timing in terms of getting back to maybe a mid-teens type of phosphate margin? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. I can probably hit most of this, and I'll just ask Mike to talk a little bit about the longer term. Look, the path to mid-teen margins really requires absorbing the new production that's going to come on in the next couple years. So there's probably 3 million to 5 million tonnes coming on, and we're absorbing that at a rate of almost 2 million tonnes a year, so in the next couple years there's going to be some absorption of those tonnes. But once you get past that, the market starts tightening up pretty well. And obviously, what the Chinese do matters. And if those tonnes go down, this could be a pretty tight market pretty quick, in which case we expect to return to more long-term mid-teen margins. Mike, do you have anything to add to that?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: I can just briefly add. Just in terms of the five-year supply and demand outlook, we do think demand prospects remain very strong. We expect that demand will grow in that 2% to 2.5% range per year. And then on the supply side, we've always said that there's not a lot of new capacity in the pipeline once you get beyond Morocco and Saudi Arabia. And in fact, CRU just published their quarterly report yesterday. And just looking at those numbers, they're showing about 3.5 million tonnes of new capacity coming on, all of that from – basically all of it from Saudi Arabia and Morocco. We expect – and that assumes that China makes very few changes in their phosphate industry, and it remains to be seen how all that plays out. So when you add up 2% – 2.5% growth, once we get past this increase in capacity coming online here in the next year or so, and as Joc said, operating rates, we're projecting a 200 to 400 basis point increase in global operating rates, and that's not inconsistent with what the current CRU forecasts are.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Now the other piece of that that you implied at least is the premiums have been compressed for both MAP and MicroEssentials in the last little while. Let me let Corrine address that issue.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. We have seen a compression in MAP and the premium products price premium. This has largely been a factor of MAP premium globally being depressed because of the large level of exports that we've seen. We have put that into our guidance, but we commented in the prepared remarks that we believe this is transitory. We are starting to see some correction, not back to normal levels or anything yet, but we are starting to see a little bit of correction and a promising sign.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. I understand this may include a few smaller assets not included in the transaction. But as Vale has now reported a breakeven EBITDA and negative cash flow for deferred assets in the first half, what's your general assessment of the economic viability of these assets given the current pricing environment? And how quickly do you believe you can extract synergies or let's say op efficiency improvements from the portfolio for the intermediate term, as you have done on your own assets? So just overall, do you believe your team will be able to dramatically improve the op efficiencies? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Chris, thanks for your question. Let me start by just saying look, first of all, we can't comment a whole lot on their results on the basis of that's a separate public company. And up until basically this morning, from my comment, we had not got antitrust approval. So we're not going to make a whole lot of comments about that. But I will also say this is a long-term investment. We're not looking at this over what's going on today. I'm going to hand it over to Rich to talk a little bit about the economic performance and how it's maybe changed from what our model was when we first bought the business or committed.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, thanks, Joc, and good morning, Chris, nice to hear from you. A couple of things I would say on Vale Fertilizantes is first of all, strategically I think this is in the center of the play for Mosaic. It's a very important transaction for us. It gives us a very significant interest in the Americas, North and South America. It has lots of interconnectivity with our phosphate operations globally. And so we view this to be certainly a very strategic transaction that otherwise probably wouldn't have been available had we not taken advantage of the opportunity to enter into this agreement with Vale. The second thing I would say is, if you take a look at the historical financial performance of this business, it's been very volatile, up and down. There are years where it significantly outperforms, and there are years where it can underperform, and I think 2017 is one of those years. You referenced a financial metric which I'm not sure that I can verify concretely on the call here, but what I can say is there were a number of things that Vale needs to do before we close this transaction, which is likely expenditures of cash that they probably weren't otherwise planning for. And secondly, you have seen a near-record strengthening of the Brazilian reais, at least in the last two or three years. If you go back 12 months, the reais was at BRL 3.8 – BRL 3.9, pushing BRL 4 to a dollar, and here we are today at BRL 3.1. And so that movement has got significant implication for the financial performance for Vale. And long term, if you take a look at what the prognostications are and what the fiscal condition is of Brazil, I think that I would take the bet that the reais likely is going to weaken, which should improve the financial performance for that business. And then finally on synergies, what I would say is this. We've communicated $95 million in operational and tax-related synergies on an annual basis. We have been hard at it planning the integration activities. We have got a list of synergy opportunities that go on for many, many pages, and we are going to be driving that synergy capture very aggressively once we close this transaction. And so I think that we've got a high degree of confidence that we're going to be able to not only deliver on what we communicated publicly but hopefully some good upside to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts of UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. We haven't heard much on the potash antitrust review for Agrium and PotashCorp. Are you expecting any changes to the industry structure as a result of that review?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: We obviously aren't privy to their antitrust. Sorry, John, welcome. Sorry, just to start out, we're really not privy to the Agrium potash antitrust review. Obviously, as a major player in the same industry, we will be interviewed by the FTC and whatnot. But in terms of industry structure, one has to assume that they'll put the deal together, and it will mean Agrium will be a bigger potash producer, a bigger nitrogen producer, and I guess a somewhat bigger phosphate producer at some point. But industry structure, we really can't make much more comment than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Morning, guys.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning, Jonas.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: I'm going to go back to phosphates for a bit, if you don't mind. So the Chinese price seems to have stabilized at a cash cost floor, as you talked about. But in the West, it still keeps deteriorating. So can you talk a little bit about what's going on, why that disconnect, and how do you see that evolving?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. I'm going to just hand that straight to Corrine and Mike. They're watching the S&D pretty closely. I assume when you say the West is deteriorating, you're talking about North America and Brazil down slightly. Is that the question, Jonas? Okay, well that's what I'm going to answer. You seem to be – maybe you got cut off already. Anyway, so first of all, let me say I'm going to hand it straight over to Corrine. But let me say first of all, although prices are flat to slightly declining, we've seen very big decreases in ammonia price. So our margins are staying relatively constant and even improving a little bit. But Corrine, do you want to just talk a little bit about the Western?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, Joc. I was going to comment about margin improvement overall. And usually, when we see this kind of move in ammonia prices, you'll see a little bit of an impact. It's also, remember, our fill seasonal time period, so we've been through spring season peak season, we've got fall ahead of us. This is the summer fill time period, and so you do see prices publish down usually during that time period, just a normal seasonal pattern.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: The only thing I would add, Jonas, is that putting some numbers behind what Joc said, just as late as April, we were paying $340 for ammonia. This month, we're paying $190, so that's a $150 drop in ammonia prices, and that's the equivalent of a $35 drop in the cost of raw materials. And certainly prices have softened, but they have not come down nearly that much. So we'd like to think in terms of what we call the stripping margin. And as Joc said, that has not eroded as much and frankly, has remained fairly stable, in a range of around $2.25 to $2.50, and we're at the upper end of that range in terms of a benchmark today.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: And in terms of those prices, Jonas, you are seeing NOLA stepping back up. So you've got NOLA prices in that $320 – $325 range, which is a recovery really from the low point that we had at the very end of the disappointing season, or the very start of the fill. So NOLA is trending up. It's Brazil that's the softest really now.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Can we go to the next question please, operator?
Operator: Yes, your next question comes from the line of Don Carson of Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Donald David Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes, a couple questions on potash. Can you just talk about how successful the domestic summer fill program was and whether you've tested the mid-July $20 price increase? And how does that – what's the context in terms of channel inventories in the U.S. ahead of the Bethune startup?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Don. I will hand this one straight to Corrine again. She's right on top of it, so let me give it straight to you, Corrine.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. We went out with our fill programs and had a tremendous amount of success on those fill programs, indicating to us that we probably saw lower ending inventory than was expected. With the disappointing spring, there was questions about whether or not we got those channel inventories emptied. It appears as if they got pretty empty because we had a big fill program, and we are effectively sold out for Q3. We have not seen a lot of trade yet at the up $20, but we also see no indication that that price won't hold. It's just a matter of, they've just finished their fill orders. We'll get a chance to test it soon, I'm sure.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, again, Don. Next question, operator, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson of Scotia Bank. Please go ahead.
Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc.: It's Oliver Rowe on for Ben. Thanks for taking my question. OCP announced an intention to capture 50% of incremental finished phosphate demand over the next decade. So how does that play into your own long-term strategy from a market share perspective? And, assuming that you want to maintain market share long term, where do you think about adding capacity?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yes, thanks, Oliver. Let me start by just saying yes, OCP has been quite forward about saying they're going to capture 50% of that demand. But if you look on a 10-year time horizon, we're going to need a lot of new phosphate capacity, and that phosphate capacity, frankly, is going to come from probably North Africa and the Saudis. So we fully expect that they will need to, to keep the market balanced, at least do 50% of that world market share. And we expect – look, over time, our Florida operations are not going to get bigger. We've invested in Vale in Brazil and we've invested in Ma'aden, which will bring up our production levels. But overall, over a 10-year time horizon, we would fully expect that we will probably lose market share to OCP, and they'll be, at some point, the dominant player, as the dominant player in this business. And then of course, Ma'aden will be the other one that will be, if not as big as us, probably close on our tail. So we, we're fully expecting that in how we see the industry playing out. Operator, next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much, good morning.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Your ammonia costs per tonne in phosphate went up sequentially from $285 a tonne to $373. Can you discuss what's behind that? And secondly, China potash prices year over year have gone from $219 to $230 a tonne. Do you get an $11 a tonne improve netback, or because of freight increases, the netbacks are the same or lower?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, let me take those sequentially. First, ammonia costs, the Q2 ammonia costs are highly affected by what was a three-year turnaround of our ammonia plant in Faustina, and I assume that's the main driver of that. As you know, the purchased ammonia, and just to give you a little background, we're making about 400,000 of let's say 1.6 million tonnes of ammonia that we buy a year, so we're making about 25% of that ourselves. When we get the CF Industries contract, that will be another let's call it 500,000 metric tonnes. And so we'll still be buying a number of tonnes on the open market, which has definitely gone down. In Q1 we had some issues, which you know drove ammonia prices up and the ammonia prices were significantly higher, and those are still flowing through into the books in Q2. So all of those things have an impact. In terms of China netbacks for potash, and we'll talk about this a little bit. I'll let Corrine talk about it a little bit. But in general, we've said I think the way to look at that $11 rise is not that it's a great improvement in terms of our netback in our Saskatchewan operations, but more of a benchmark that allows the market to start flowing. Do you want to talk a little bit about potash?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. That $11 increase, there were a lot of reports, as you say, about freight changes eating up some of that difference. I think it's important to note, and we have talked about this before, that Canpotex has long-term freight agreements that have been locked in, and so there is no change in the Canpotex freight expense, and so this is an $11 netback increase on this China sale for the potash sales.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone, maybe a question on Brazil, both potash and phosphate actually. If I look at first half imports for both P and K, they're up significantly. Shipments from the distributors, including yourselves, are more flattish, and you've actually tempered your own International Distribution volumes for the full year. Can you talk about the inventory position in the channel as you see it today in Brazil? Can you talk about import expectations in the back half of the year given somewhat weaker farmer economics on soy and sugar? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Adam. I'm going to hand most of this over to Mike. But just let me say you're right. Our imports are up significantly into Brazil, and we're predicting the market goes from 34 million tonnes of total fertilizer original guidance down to probably about 34 million tonnes of guidance is where we're guiding the total market to. So it's slightly less than what we had planned for this year, but we're still looking at a very strong main growing season or main usage season coming up. And we have put inventory in place to be ready for that, and we're expecting a strong season coming up. And this is also – if you look at what we call profit in inventory, profit in inventory is actually quite high right now in the second quarter, and that will reverse and drive profit in the third quarter as those sales go to third parties. In terms of the overall S&D in Brazil, Mike, do you just want to make a couple comments?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. As Joc said, we expect total shipments to be about flat with last year at around 34 million tonnes, maybe up a whisker. But I think what's important, first six months of the year shipments were 13 million tonnes, flat with a year ago. So you've got about one-third of those shipments coming in the first half of the year, about two-thirds second half of the year. So you've got the big season still ahead of us. And I think as we've indicated before, farmers in Brazil have held back in terms of grain sales and fertilizer purchases. So there has been an increase in inventories, but that has been a buildup in anticipation of a very strong second half pull. Just in terms of if you want some specific numbers, we expect that – if you look at imports during the first six months of the year, DAP, MAP, TSP, they're up about 29%. We expect that for the year, imports will total 6.3 million tonnes versus a year ago of 5.6 million, so that's about a 13% increase. So we see very, very strong imports second half of the year, about 3.5 million tonnes versus 3.4 million last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson of BMO. Please go ahead.
Milan Hemendra Shah - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi, this is Milan on for Joel. Just going to go back to the Chinese phosphate exports, a lot of the talk in the first half of the year was around potential plant shutdowns due to environmental checks surrounding gypsum stock waste and concerns around that. Are you seeing any on that? Any color on that would be helpful. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, thanks. Yes, certainly we expect that the environmental audits will start driving some of the plants to shut down. And the better plants – we've always said there's a fair bit of excess capacity in China, and we expect some of the higher-cost higher-polluting plants to end up ultimately being shut down. And we would see that over time you're going to end up with a smaller but stronger Chinese industry. And so, Corrine, do you want to talk a little bit about what we're seeing from those environmental audits already?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. So remember, earlier this year, what we talked about was environmental audits that were occurring. And those audits were designed to evaluate the situation in each plant in order to determine if there are further actions and steps that could lead to closure. So not that we expected a lot of closures in Q1 when these audits started, but that they set a baseline. From that point, what we are seeing is an environmental tax that will kick in at the beginning of next year, which raises the cost curve for the Chinese producers, we believe somewhere in that $10 to $15 a tonne of product range. And secondly, you may see some shutdowns due to some environmental concerns, things like gyp stacks. However, this consolidation in the Chinese industry that we've been talking about is something that we expect to see after these taxes all kick in. At this point; we believe there's about 1 million tonnes of production that is shut down due to environmental issues, a relatively small amount of restructuring in a 27 million tonne production business. Restructuring also is expected given the debt levels at some of these producers as we go into next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. What changes are you expecting in your potash shipments in 2018, particularly geographically, if your Canpotex allocation is lower. And assuming PotashCorp-Agrium come together and the K+S legacy mine is fully onstream, how does that change the end markets that you will be reaching next year?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, first let me address the Canpotex changes because I think that's important. First of all, yes, there's no question, I think Rocanville now has had its full credit to Canpotex, but offsetting that and missed a lot is we had over 1 million tonnes of credit to our piece of Canpotex. So net-net, on a 35 million tonne Canpotex total capacity between the three players, Agrium has gone down and Mosaic has gone down by about that 2 million tonnes net that PotashCorp has added. So although PotashCorp added 3 million, we offset that by 1 million, so we don't go down that much in Canpotex. Canpotex we expect will probably grow with the market next year, and that will allow us to probably stay relatively flat in that despite going down slightly on our thing. In terms of nutrient, I don't think that affects the market shares if you just add the MOP at all. Legacy, obviously we're going to have to find – people are going to have to find a way to deal with legacy, and we'll deal with that as it comes. We've got market strategies, but those are to be looked at as we build those up. Mike, do you want to talk about the overall S&D in that and how it gets affected regionally?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, we laid that out. I think we have our potash shipments by destination as one of the slides in the appendix, so you can see the numbers there. We're projecting about a 2.1 million tonne increase this year to 62.8 million. That's a 3.5% increase from 60.7 million in 2016. We've said all along that after two years of declining shipments due to the big buildup of pipeline inventories in 2014 that we expected a good rebound this year, and that is taking place. In 2018, we expect that we'll be up again. We're projecting about 64.5 million tonnes of shipments in 2018. And in terms of where that's coming from, no surprise, it's the big six where we see continued growth, helped by some of the newer regions, good rebound or decent growth in places like Africa, the former Soviet Union. But it will be the Brazils, the Indonesias, Malaysias of the world that account for most of that.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And Steve, if you look at our predictions for next year, we're looking at 63.5 million to 65.5 million tonnes global shipments next year. You compare that to 2016 at 60.7 million tonnes, we have more than absorbed any capacity increases that would come from legacy at 1.8 million tonnes. We're at 4 million tonnes of growth. And the only new capacity coming on is 1.8 million tonnes. So clearly on that, the market will be tighter next year than it actually was in 2016.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: That's particularly true, Joc, in the context that there's been about 3 million tonnes of capacity that's been permanently closed in North America. Now some of that has been offset by the Rocanville and belt line (48:15) expansion. But we're at very little net increase in capacity in North America. And the industry now is structured such that we're achieving a much lower per-unit cost as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar of Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning, thank you. With the new GST structure in India for taxes, how do you expect that will impact potash demand in India, which I think you expected to grow 43% over the next five years at your Analyst Day back in April? Do you think the new tax structure is supportive of that? And then secondly, I think you mentioned on legacy mine, like K+S, do you think, when they start up that mine, initially they sell a lot more tonnes in the domestic market? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I'm going to do these in reverse order here, P.J., because Mike's going to answer the first question on GST, maybe with a little bit from Corrine on that. Let me talk about legacy startup. What we do know there, and I think it's public information, is that they are starting out making standard-grade potash, which will be shipped through their port in Port Moody or whatever in Vancouver ,basically. So all their early production is going to go to the international market, because they do not have granulation capacity yet built. Next year they will start building granulation capacity. And you may be aware, they have a deal with Koch Industries to sell some 400,000 tonnes in the domestic market. So we would expect that they will have a presence in the domestic market sometime next year, and I assume they will have a presence in the industrial market. But a good chunk of it will be sent internationally, and they've said publicly, some of it will be to offset production declines in some of their German operations. But again, those are more for K+S to answer than us. Mike, do you just want to talk a little bit about the GST and the impact on demand in India?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, sure, happy to do that. I would note that K+S produced their first tonne on June 12 and the world didn't come to an end. I think we should note that.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: That's good news, Mike.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: And in terms of India, I think the important point there is that the GST was reduced for fertilizer imports to 5%. And when you combine that with lower subsidy, their $230 import price, import economics continue to work there. Our team in India believes that India will import about 4.4 million tonnes of potash this year, up about 0.5 million tonnes from last year. You can see that our 2018 forecast range is 4.4 million to 4.6 million tonnes. And I think that the 4.4 million tonne forecast for this year assumes that we'll have a small increase in retail prices, given a strong rupee, lower potash prices, or relatively low potash prices, 5% GST. Import economics and farm economics work with a very small increase in retail prices. So there's nothing in terms of policy changes that really concern us about the long-term prospects for potash demand in India.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. I was wondering if you could talk about your growth targets for MicroEssentials from a volume perspective. Does the current – I know you called it a transitory situation with MAP and MicroEssentials premiums shrinking – change your growth production plans at all, and what type of volume can we expect out of South America specifically over the next couple years?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Let me start by saying, as you guys are likely all aware, we increased our capacity to produce MicroEssentials when we built the new capacity at New Wales. That takes our capacity up to, let's say, 3.5 million tonnes of total capacity. Now we expect to grow into that capacity over the next couple of years, so we will see continued growth. In terms of the price relationship, that relationship to MAP has held. There's a number of issues, and I'll let Corrine talk a little bit about how that margin has squeezed in this quarter. So we don't see that price relationship changing, and so we still see the growth expectations for MicroEssentials. Corrine?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. The capacity numbers, I think Joc has put in perspective. And the demand growth, at our Analyst Day we talked about a growth by 2021 of volume being up 25% since 2013, to a point where the mix is about one-third premium products for our phosphate business overall, for the growth. And in terms of the pricing, Joc is correct. The differential pricing for these premium products relative to MAP is unchanged. What we are seeing is MAP compression from the heavy level of imports into the United States on MAP. And so that compression has impacted MicroEssentials pricing. We do believe this is transitory. We know that the agronomic value is there for these products, and they are capturing a premium relative to MAP. And as we see the MAP differential to DAP recovering to more normal levels, which we are starting to see a little bit recovery, we believe we'll be back to earning back – seeing the premium flow through.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Next question operator, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Lungo of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Daniel Lungo - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, guys. Just on the balance sheet, Moody's recently put you guys on review for downgrade. I'm just wondering what the conversations have been with them. They stated that a downgrade would only be one notch, but there's still the possibility for a negative outlook after that. So what have you been saying to them? What are they looking for from you? They're expecting to put something out this week, I know, but what type of steps are you willing to do to defend that investment-grade rating, just any comments on that?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, Dan. Let me start by saying you recognize we have a split rating where Moody's does rate us one notch higher than S&P. And so they are putting us on notice. But I'm going to let Rich Mack talk about our capital strategy and what we're doing there and any conversation he can give you there. Thanks.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, Dan. I think it's a fair question. As Joc noted, we do have a split rating with S&P and Moody's. And so the fact that Moody's has put us under review for a potential one notch downgrade to what would match S&P is not particularly surprising, I guess point number one. We're in very close communications and have been for a long time. Several times a year we'll meet with all of the rating agencies and keep them posted on what's happening with our business. One of the pillars that we have communicated is our intent of maintaining a solid investment-grade credit rating, and that still holds. And so I think you need to view this through the lens of a cyclical company. There are going to be times when you're stretched and you're outside of what your targeted leverage ratios are. So what we're focused on are the levers that we can control, our costs, our SG&A, our capital. And you heard earlier in our prepared remarks, we've revised downward a number of things. CRT is coming down. Our brine expenditures for the year is coming down. We've lowered our CapEx. Our tax rate is either flat to negative for the year. Our operating costs I think have demonstrated over the past couple of years that we have taken significant costs out of the system. We've restructured the company, and our SG&A is at levels that are very different than where they were at two or three years ago. And so there are number of levers that we have that we continue to look at and manage the performance of that will help us achieve the objectives that I just stated. Additionally, periodically there are opportunities to generate cash on miscellaneous asset sales. I think you saw or heard earlier that in the quarter we sold a basically unused parcel of land for in excess of $50 million. So things like that help. And then finally, in the end, it also ties into ultimately what our forecasts are, which we routinely are revising our forecasts and what our outlooks look like based on the global S&D, farmer economics, and ultimately how that also interconnects with our dividend policy. And so we have a number of levers to pull at Mosaic to maintain our investment-grade status. That's what we intend to do. And then the final thing that I would point out for you is the ample liquidity buffer that we have, $2.5 billion. I think we ended the quarter with nearly $700 million of cash on balance sheet and a $2 billion revolver. And so I hope that's responsive to your question.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. With that, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today and wish you all a great day. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co. Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Howard Flinker - Flinker & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning, and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. It's been just three weeks since our Analyst Day in New York, where we focused on our medium and long-term outlook. So, today, we'll focus on the quarter and the near-term. Rich Mack and I will keep our prepared remarks brief and then take your questions. Potash and phosphate prices continue to recover during the quarter, as global demand remained strong. Our earnings do not yet fully reflect these dynamics for a number of reasons. But we expect market improvements and more reliable operating performance to drive higher earnings in the second quarter and in the second half of the year. Our quarterly results were disappointing and fell short of our expectations because of several operational items. Rich will provide more detail on this shortly. Despite the lower earnings, we continue to make progress on our priorities. I have three key takeaways for today's earnings call. First, we are continuing to manage our costs and capital carefully. Second, markets have moved upwards even if the pace of recovery has not been linear. And third, we have taken necessary and bold actions to position Mosaic to capitalize on better business conditions. For the first quarter, Mosaic reported a breakeven earnings per share on $1.6 billion in net sales. Looking ahead, we expect improvements in our business unit and consolidated margin rate driving strong earnings in the second quarter. Our work to reduce cost continues to provide meaningful benefits. We are ahead of schedule on our 2018 goal to reduce costs by $500 million and we are well on our way to achieving the additional $75 million savings target that we announced a year ago. You can see the progress in our SG&A expenses and in cash production costs, with potash costs remaining near 10-year low in spite of a mechanical issue at one of our Esterhazy shafts. In fact, total MOP cash cost per tonne for the quarter were $86 including $11 per tonne of expenses relating to the skip failure we had last month and $20 a tonne of brine management expense. I want to emphasize two points on our expense reduction work. First, we're taking out costs across Mosaic in every business unit and support function. That requires innovative thinking from our employees every day, how to make processes more efficient without sacrificing safety, and they are delivering. And second, we are not going to take our eye off the ball as markets improved. We understand that being a low-cost producer is critical in this industry across the cycle. In addition, our focus for the remainder of 2017 will be on integration planning for the upcoming Vale Fertilizantes transaction. As we said on our Analyst Day, we will continue to look for value-creation opportunities in the medium term, but first things first. We are giving the Vale Fertilizantes transaction a great deal of thought and attention so that it can achieve our strategic objectives. Little has changed in the market environment since our Analyst Day, so I won't go through all of that in detail. Global demand remained strong, and we have narrowed our expected global shipments to the upper end of the ranges. I wanted to address one issue that is getting a lot of attention these days, Chinese phosphate exports. With economic and environmental pressures mounting on Chinese producers, we expect their exports to fall to somewhere around 8 million tonnes. The recently released March export figures show a modest increase in Q1 exports compared to last year. First quarter represents a small percentage of the yearly cadence of exports, and we continue to expect year-over-year declines for the remainder of the year. Overall, while this quarter included some noise, Mosaic continues to make good progress, and the markets are giving us some momentum. We are executing our strategy and managing cost and capital. And we are in excellent position to thrive as markets continue to improve. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich Mack.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Joc, and good morning to you all. Today, I'll briefly review our segment performance for the quarter and take you through the reasoning behind our second quarter guidance. In Phosphates, shipment volumes were at the top end of our guidance range due to continuing strong global demand and expectations of a strong spring application season in North America. Prices were in the middle of our guidance range and our operating rate was 79%, which was also in line with our expectations. The Phosphates margin rate was below our guidance primarily due to an unplanned mechanical issue at our Faustina Louisiana ammonia plant where we experienced a failure in a converter two months before a planned turnaround. The plant was down for several weeks towards the end of the quarter, so some of the costs related to the downtime are reflected in our current quarter's results. Additionally, we had to buy more ammonia on the spot market just after ammonia prices had risen significantly. The combined negative impact on gross margin was $14 million or 1.7 percentage points. The plant will complete its scheduled turnaround and is expected to be up and running by mid-May, so ammonia costs will continue to run higher in our Phosphates segment in the second quarter. Our guidance for the second quarter reflects the higher selling prices we are seeing in the market today and robust shipments with continued strong global demand as well as higher operating rates. We expect the second quarter margin rate to increase compared to the first quarter, but we also expect that it will be negatively impacted by the higher ammonia costs I just reviewed and, to a lesser extent, the weather-related issues that have hampered our operations at our joint venture mine in Peru. The western coast of South America has experienced record rainfall over the past two months which resulted in severe flooding that had major impacts on infrastructure and the people living in the area. The Miski Mayo mine, which was down for parts of March and April, is back to production now. As the weather issues played out, we and our joint venture partners have joined together to provide critical relief for the mine's employees and the surrounding community. To ensure that we could keep our Louisiana plant running to meet demand, we purchased third-party rock. This was a temporary development and we do not expect long-term implications for rock supply or for costs. For the second quarter, we expect realized DAP prices to range from $320 to $340 per tonne with volumes in the range of 2.3 million to 2.6 million tonnes. We expect gross margin to improve to approximately 10%. As we get into the second half, we see a continuation of gradual improvement in Phosphate margins, as we realize the benefits of higher industry stripping margins, improving cost control and more normal operating rates at Faustina and Miski Mayo. The second half margins will also reflect purchases of ammonia under the CF contract as we expect to begin taking product in early September. In the Potash business, our operating rates were lower than expected because of the incident with a skip at the Esterhazy K2 mine. K2 is back up and running now, but we expect the incident to reduce our second quarter shipments by approximately 200,000 tonnes. Our Potash shipment volumes were below guidance for this quarter because of a Canpotex train derailment and weather-related port loading delays. Approximately 150,000 tonnes that we expected to recognize in the first quarter have been recognized in the second quarter. Our Potash gross margin rate fell short of our guidance. There are two main reasons for the shortfall in margin rate and margin dollars. First, roughly $22 million of costs associated with the skip incident were reflected in the current quarter's results. And second, lower than expected sales volumes due to the Canpotex-related logistics issues I just highlighted reduced per unit profitability. Otherwise, as Joc noted, our excellent cost control in the Potash business unit continued. For the second quarter, we expect Potash shipment volumes in the range of 2.0 million to 2.3 million tonnes, with strong demand persisting. Prices are expected to rise modestly to a range of $170 to $185 per tonne, and margins are expected to improve to the low 20% range. Moving on to the International Distribution segment, results were generally in line with our guidance. We sold 1.3 million tonnes of product and realized a gross margin per tonne of $21 in our international markets. International Distribution sales volumes are expected to be in a range of 1.4 million to 1.7 million tonnes in the second quarter, while margins are expected to remain in the $20 per tonne range. Our full year guidance ranges have not changed. Beginning in 2017, we have changed our depreciation method from straight line to a units-of-production method for certain mining assets to more appropriately reflect the utility of these assets. The change in depreciation method to a units-of-production method is consistent with our peers and will be more comparable going forward. In connection with the change, with the increased focus on mechanical integrity and capital expenditures, we have taken action to allow us to operate our assets over a longer period of time and have extended the lives where appropriate. As a result, we expect an approximate $70 million non-cash P&L benefit in 2017 from a reduction in depreciation expense. Before I conclude, a couple of notes on the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. First, we are planning to issue debt to finance the cash portion of the purchase price in the late summer timeframe. And second, we expect to change our segment reporting post close. We will give you plenty of notice before our first reporting cycle under the new structure and we plan to provide adequate historical detail. To summarize, we are continuing to focus on the things we can control. We are controlling our costs and we are making prudent capital decisions to ensure we can deliver strong shareholder value in the future. We expect meaningfully better results in the second quarter and the second half of this year. With that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Joc for his concluding remarks. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Rich. Mosaic continues to focus on controlling costs and capital in challenging but improving markets. If we look at this in stages, I believe in the near term, we will continue to see modest improvements in the business environment. In the medium term, as we bring on the Vale assets, Mosaic can accelerate its ability to outperform. And over the longer term, as global demand continues to grow and absorb the industry's capacity expansions, Mosaic's potential is very bright. We have made tremendous progress as an organization and we've made bold decisions to build our potential to win in the marketplace and to grow. With that, I will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. And our first question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Rich, I'm just hoping you can get us just a better sense on the Phosphate side of things. Obviously, a lot of moving parts this quarter and maybe a bit into next quarter. But where would underlying margins have been without sort of all the issues? And then, you did talk about things getting better in the second half? Can you give us a rough range of where you think Phosphate gross margins can come in, in the second half?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Vincent. As you ask this of Rich, I'll hand it straight over to him to answer. Go ahead, Rich.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Vincent, I think that absent some of the issues that we saw in Louisiana, we probably would have had a couple of percentage point improvement to gross margin. As we look forward to the second quarter, our guidance for the gross margin rate of approximately 10% does take into account some of the additional costs that we will incur in the second quarter related to that same issue. And then going forward, we do see an improving market environment on a gradual basis on the pricing side and, hopefully, some tapering off of the recent run-up in raw material costs. And so, as we look towards the second half of the year, I think 10% in the second quarter or something hopefully a little bit better than that in the second half is what we would be expecting.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Jonas I. Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning, guys. Can you talk a little bit about the impact of the Chinese contracts, if they don't get renewed or if they do get renewed with a higher price? What does that mean for your Q2?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Jonas, and good morning, as you started with. Look, let me start by saying, first of all, from our perspective, the Chinese contract is becoming less and less relevant over time. The Chinese makes up a portion of Canpotex's overall sales. And the buying committee, who set this contract, make up only a portion of that Canpotex shipments to China. So, we see it as a less and less impact overall. The other point I want to make before handing it over to Corrine is that the conditions are significantly different this year than other years when it's been delayed. This year, the reason for the delay, I think, largely is the suppliers aren't willing to make concessions. Asia is not waiting for China. You see the European prices are strong. Brazil prices have been strong. I don't think we're seeing the slowdown that we might have expected if China doesn't settle. Corrine, do you want to talk a little bit about that China contract and just the details from Canpotex?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Just a couple things that I would add, Joc. I think that the inventory levels at the ports are not a lot higher than last year at this time. It's pretty normal levels. We're seeing good purchasing throughout Asia and values are significantly up. And as Joc said, suppliers are not willing to break on the price levels that they're getting in the rest of Asia. And we could see India get ahead of China again this year like they did last year.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: So, I guess the summary of that, Jonas, just to answer the question, the Q2 impact, we don't assume a whole bunch of Chinese product in our Q2 guidance. And as they come out and don't settle, like, I guess, it will make a small impact but pretty minor.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Thank you. Two questions. One on potash. What are you seeing in terms of domestic dealers, their willingness to buy ahead of the legacy ramp? Are they trying to get inventories down as low as they can ahead of that startup? And maybe you could comment on what your FPD book looks like. And then, on the phosphate side, how should we think of the CF contract? At current ammonia prices and natural gas cost, would that be a net positive for you from a margin standpoint?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Don. I'm going to hand this one straight to Corrine to talk about the potash customers and their actions as we go into the middle of the year, and then I'll hand it to Rich who has the handle on the CF contract.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Joc. For potash buying, we aren't seeing a big impact in the market. Domestic buyers are positioning for a good spring season. It's still pretty wet out there and they haven't gotten started to the full extent for the season. So, we're still seeing good shipments, good demand, and really little pre-positioning or worrying about K+S coming in with big tonnage in the domestic market. In terms of the CF contract, current values today, Rich, I will turn it over to you to add, I would just say that the spike in the ammonia prices today it's pretty close to market value on these contracts. And I'll leave it to Rich to comment further.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yes. So, Don, just a reminder, this is a producer-type sharing relationship that we have with CF and so there are going to be times where we're going to be in the money and there will be times when we are out of the money. And as Corrine just said, not long ago, ammonia prices were $40, $50 lower than where they are right now. And in that environment, we were probably out of the money relative to what we were going to be paying CF under the contract. But it's a very volatile market and, with that uptick, now, it's closer to parity is what I would say. I think the bigger issue that we want to keep in mind here as well is we just are commissioning a brand new ammonia vessel and tug, and that's been a project that has been long in the works. Those pieces of equipment are in the water in a testing mode right now. And we believe, long-term, that is going to be very beneficial for Mosaic to arbitrage and basically keep down where world ammonia prices go for the betterment of our overall phosphate business. Because as you know, the relationship that we have with CF is only for about 1/3 of our ammonia requirements compared to the additional 1.2 million tonnes that we're still buying in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Thanks. A couple of questions around price realization. So the first one would be on just the general ranges of the DAP and the potash price outlooks. They look like they're about flat at the midpoint but in the benchmark prices look like they've actually strengthened a bit. So, could you talk a little bit about why there's a difference in the movements there? And then just on the quarter, the realized DAP price was actually up quarter-over-quarter, Q1 versus Q4. But when I look at the overall segment, average realized price, just by dividing revenues by volume, it actually looks like it's down quarter-over-quarter. So, is there something that's driving that weaker realization versus the reported DAP price? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Andrew. I'm going to hand this straight over to Corrine and Mike Rahm to give you some answers here. But I will say it at the out-front. I'm not sure I fully understand your DAP price question, but I assume what you're probably seeing is the lag between when we actually book a sale and what you see as spot prices. And then the other one is the mix of products that we sell on an ongoing basis. And so, as the mix changes, so does the average of the prices. But I'll leave it over to Corrine to answer that first guidance question.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Price realizations have been moving out steadily. Rich talked about this in his comments. Q4 was $317 for DAP. Q1 is $327. You're right, the guidance is right on the midpoint. But when you've got the seasonality, that Q1 sales included a lot of fill tonnes and a little bit for spring, and the Q2 guidance includes spring season as well as postseason. We've got quite an influx of import barges that have dampened price levels that we expect postseason, when we get past this peak, we're going to some of that mixing into the price level. Mike, do you want to add on the comments on the issue?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: No, I think the only thing I would add is that we think in terms of margins. And as we get into the second and third quarters, we expect there will be continued relief on raw material costs. So, while DAP prices, the benchmark may be up less than people expect, I think the margin has the potential to increase more with some raw material cost relief. I think the other issue is just the product mix that we talked about, even with MicroEssentials, that's a product that there's greater margin but more moderate prices associated with that, as well as some of the changes that have taken place in the feed market which also has been hurt pretty badly by the big surge of imports recently.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning. So, you changed your depreciation method from straight line to more unit of production, so couple of questions. Under straight line, what was your lifespan of your assets in both P and K? And then when as you switch under the new method, what would be the implied life of your assets in both P and K?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I'm going to hand this to Rich right away. But let me take a general comment on our depreciation method and the change. Clearly, and this came up quite a bit last year. When you have assets that you shut down for a period of time, you're not reflecting the real rate of decline of the asset if you don't match your production rate with the depreciation rate. So, if you do a straight-line depreciation, it does not match well with the type of wear and tear that our actual equipment is exposed to. Whereas if you run with depreciation according to units of production, you more closely align with what actually is happening. So, that's the underlying reason for it. Rich, I'm going to give it to you to give the details, but.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Sure, P.J. This is a project that has been in the works for a long period of time. Obviously, you can't make a change like this without a lot of work that goes into the analysis. There's no simple one answer to your question because asset categories change and they vary. And we had a comprehensive review of all of our asset classifications and what the estimated useful life was for each of the categories. Some of them changed. Some of them were lengthened. Some of them did not change at all. And so, it really depends on what you're looking at. I would say, when you take a look at how we went about reviewing this and the move to the unit of production methodology, we're probably still far more conservative than some of our peers are in terms of the useful life that we would assign to our assets. And the fact of the matter is, is that we've been through a significant mechanical integrity program over the last several years. We have maintained our assets very well. We are reducing our capital expenditures across the board as you know. And it's our full expectation that we're going to be using these assets for a longer period of time in the future. And that's just some background and color in terms of the depreciation change.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Roberts from UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. On slide 4, the forecast is for Chinese exports to be relatively stable, not much seasonality in the rest of the year. Is that normal? It's different than the pattern that we've had the past couple years, but there's no real pattern. Maybe we just averaged it out because we can't really figure it out yet.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, John. In terms of the Chinese exports, let me start by saying there, I mean, there is obviously seasonality to that. And the first quarter is historically a very low quarter. Mike Rahm has the details on how he sees that playing out through the year. So, I'm going to give it to him to talk about the seasonality, if you will.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Good morning, John. As you can see from the chart, first quarter was up about 22%. But as it indicates, that is a seasonally slow quarter. We do expect that exports will pick up in the second and third quarter, much of that tied to Indian purchases. What I will say is that these numbers come kind of straight from our China team and their assessment of how that pattern plays out. And obviously, what's reflected in that is the expectation that the environmental audits taking place today will have an impact, as will some of the changes taking place in the phosphate industry. So, I would say that, yeah, the seasonality looks a bit different but we do expect that there will be significant changes coming down the road for the rest of 2017.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc.: It's Oliver Rowe in for Ben. Thanks for taking my question. I just will do a follow up on that last question that was asked. So, you're forecasting about a 15% decline this year around Chinese exports. So, what's your longer term view for sort of the sustainable export level? And then how long do you think it will take to get to that level.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Again, I'm going to – Mike looks after our long-term strategic analysis, so I'm going to hand it to him. But we do expect a long-term sustainable lower rate out of China, and we've talked about that a little bit before. But I would say that makes China to be a smaller but a much stronger and more stable supplier. Mike, do you want to...?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. Yeah, we've done a lot of work here recently on that. And what we expect exports to drop from 9.5 to 8 million tonnes this year. When we do kind of an import demand versus export supply analysis, and assuming that demand grows about 2% per year, in fact, we assumed that demand will grow about 2.1% per year from the 66.4 million tonnes in 2016, so about 73 million tonnes plus in 2021. And when we boil that down to what's import demand relative to export supply, assume that the Saudis ramp up, the Moroccans ramp up, everyone else ramp runs at normal-type rates, we see a sustainable number out of China still in that 7 million tonne to 8 million tonne range during the next five years. So, that's what our analysis tells us at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everybody. Maybe a question on – in phosphates, and considering about some of the previous questions in China and the seaborne trade, can you talk about the confidence of supply rationalization that you have there? Domestic off-take this year has been lackluster and some of the industry supply discipline doesn't seem to have come to fruition. And then somewhat related in the seaborne market, you're going to have more capacity available out of Morocco and Saudi Arabia later this year. Can you talk about the seaborne market balances for DAP as you move later into 2017 and into 2018? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yes, on that basis, I'm going to hand that straight to you, Mike.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: All right. Good morning, Adam. Yeah. Just to follow up on what we said earlier, we do see decent demand growth over the next five years. And just when you do the math, we're projecting about a 7 million tonne plus increase in domestic or in global shipments between 2016 and 2021. When you weight that up against the expected increases in capacity during that period with the third and fourth hubs in Morocco, you have another couple of million tonnes and with the phase two expansion at Ma'aden, you have another roughly 3 million tonnes. And if you assume that you get maybe a little bit more tonnage coming from places like Tunisia and so forth. It looks like a well-balanced situation over the next five years, now – and that goes back to what we said on the previous answer that, we think, China still needs to probably export 7 million to 8 million tonnes. That's not to say that over the next year or so, when some of this new capacity comes on, there may not be some pain or disruptions caused by a big surge of capacity. But over the five-year period, we certainly see a well-balanced situation in the global phosphate market. And frankly, when you look beyond the next five years, you're probably going to hear rumblings of additional hubs getting built in Morocco, additional phases of expansion in Saudi Arabia. And frankly, after 2021, there will be the need for additional capacity coming from somewhere if you expect phosphate demand to continue to grow at a couple of percent per year. So, bottom line, balanced, longer-term outlook in our view with – as new capacity comes on, there will be some pressure likely until the market absorbs some of that.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: And, Adam, just one. This is Rich. One thing to supplement, keep in mind that these plants, it's not like you turn a key and all of a sudden you're producing 3 million tonnes of product on an annual basis. The modern project will start producing phosphate some time during the second half of 2017. We probably estimate anywhere from 300,000 tonnes to 500,000 tonnes of production this year and then that project will be ramping up for the vast majority of 2018. And so, if you take the first project as any example in terms of how that has progressed, it's going to be a period of time before that is operating at, call it, 85% or higher operating rates.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. It's Silke Kueck for Jeff. How are you?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning.
Silke Kueck - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I was wondering how much of the $70 million in lower G&A you may have or you realized in the first quarter and whether you'll get this on a straight line basis or it all shows up in, like, one or two quarters. And it seems like that most of it benefits the phosphate segment. Is that correct?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Silke, the first quarter, we have made the change and you see about $20 million of benefit in terms of reduced depreciation. And in terms of the mix, keep in mind that we had the skip failure, which resulted in some downtime in the potash business in the first quarter and therefore, that's probably why you're seeing more of the benefit on the phosphate side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. A couple of mining-related questions. Does 90-10 splits between phosphate rock out of Florida versus Miski Mayo, what do you think that could be longer-term? And why? Is that Peruvian deposit lower cost or higher phosphate content? What's your longer-term outlook on that? And then with respect to potash mining in Saskatchewan, can you just provide a comment on where the brine inflow issue is Esterhazy? Are there still ongoing efforts to grout that and change that longer term?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thank you, Steve. Look, let me take the 90-10 question first. I think the question as you ask it, so the big opportunity for us with Miski Mayo is not to replace Florida rock, but to supplement Florida rock, which allows us to have, as you say, a blend, which gives different sets of impurities. But also allows us to extend the life of our Florida operation. Now, as we go forward, one of the benefits of the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition is the increased ownership of Miski Mayo. So, we could – suggested, we could probably double the amount of Miski Mayo rock that we bring to either Florida or Louisiana in the next couple of years based on the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. So, long term, what's the benefit? It really doesn't make a huge difference between costs from Miski Mayo, although we pay a, what I would call, transfer price, and then the earnings come in equity earnings. So, it's a little bit different because of being a joint venture. In terms of brine inflow, our costs in brine inflow have been relatively constant now for probably a year, and we expect those to stay relatively constant going forward. Are we still grouting? Yes. Do we still have a long-term focus there? Yes. That will change probably somewhere around 2018, 2019 as we are able to take more risks on that. And I don't think we need to – that's good.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Stuart Henry - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. This is Mike Henry in for Mike Piken. Thank you for taking my question. Just jumping back to the Chinese exports on the phosphate side. Wondering how important those reduced exports are to your expectation for improved phosphate margins in the back half of the year. If Chinese exports are offset by some amount of new overseas production, what type of impact does that have on your margins, or will margins still improve just from a cost basis? And then also just wondering if you have seen any kind of impact from the wet start here in the U.S. planting season. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. So, let's do this in reverse. In terms of the wet start, I'm going to hand it to Corrine to answer some questions. But clearly, we expected an early spring here in North America, and this weather has slowed it down to be, at best, average and probably actually a little behind average. So, certainly, there is an impact to our first quarter and it allowed a lot of imports to come into the U.S. that wouldn't have otherwise had time to get here. So, it did have a reasonable impact on us. In terms of the Chinese exports, I'm going to leave that straight to Mike. Corrine, did you want to talk about the weather impacts first?
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. So, it is a wet start to spring. It's a little behind where we thought it would be and where we would normally see. We're pleased to see prices holding well at the interior warehouses where we've got potash positioned. Phosphates have been impacted by the barge, excessive barge imports that have happened late. They arrived late. And so, we're seeing a little bit of a price impact there. But up-country, the prices are holding quite a bit better than what you see out of the New Orleans market. And we're looking forward beyond spring season. It looks like good application rates. Beyond spring season really strong demand is still ahead of us with Indian imports going well and Brazilian imports expected to be strong for later in the season.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Mike, do you want to talk about the S&D for phosphates for the year?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. As I said, we think the market probably needs 8 million tonnes or maybe a little bit more coming from China this year. That's what we've baked in, and we think that's consistent with the developments that are taking place in China in terms of the impacts of the environmental audits and some of the changes in industry structure there. As we get into the second half of the year, I think there's a very good demand story unfolding that we think Brazil has big buying needs ahead of us. We think Indian imports are going to be up more than 0.5 million tonnes. Brazil will be importing record volumes. So, we do see a strong pull second half of the year. As Corrine and Joc mentioned, North American season, while a few fits and starts is still going to be a very good season following an outstanding fall application. So, demand is a very good story and the drivers, whether they're the agronomic and economic drivers remain very positive for both phosphate and potash. So, as we get into the second half of the year, if the Chinese export 8 million tonnes, we think that's going to allow margins to move up given the supply and demand dynamics.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you. In Central Asia, it seems like prices are falling a little bit for DAP, but could you just comment overall on your global sales mix on a go-forward basis, Central Asia versus LatAm South? And feel free to bring any comments on Brazilian MAP or MicroEssentials. Just overall as the demand picture develops, how should we think about your regional mix and netbacks versus prior years and subsequent effects on second half margins? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Corrine, I'm going to hand that straight to you again.
Corrine D. Ricard - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. I suspect Chris that you're referring to some slip in price that we've seen for the Indian imports and there has been a little bit of a price break, although I've been impressed at how well it's held. We're still seeing $365 and admittedly down a little bit from the $370 starting point, but nowhere near the prices that were bid by the Indian buyers earlier when they were issuing these tenders. And so, really relative strength, a couple of dollars off into Central Asia. I think over the longer term as you think about our mix and netbacks, we will, as you see the second Ma'aden project starting up our joint venture, you're going to see our mix won't appear to change what ships out of Florida, maybe not making it all the way to India and quite as a big volumes and we may be taking more of that tonnage out of the Ma'aden joint venture. And so, it'll be a little bit heavier appearance of the tonnage going into Latin America, I suspect, in North America. But we will still be there in the Indian market with other origins of product.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Howard Flinker from Flinker & Company. Your line is open.
Howard Flinker - Flinker & Co. LLC: Hello, everybody, or bonjour maybe. What was the D&A for this quarter and what was it in the same quarter last year, please?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. I think that might take us a couple of seconds to drag up here, Howie, because that's fairly technical.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Howard, I'm just taking a look at it here. So, in Q1 of 2017, our D&A was $159 million and the same quarter a year ago, it was $184 million. I hope that's responsive to your question.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Next question?
Operator: And our next question will come from John Roberts from UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for double dip. I asked the earlier question on the Chinese, another major player in the market is OCP and they're going to host a group of local investors in about two weeks. Are they expected to be relatively stable from a competitive perspective over the rest of the year here? Do you have any thoughts on them in the market since you commented on the Chinese as well?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yes, I'm going to hand again – hand it to Mike. Mike, OCP's market response this year.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Just in terms of their capacity, they're bringing on their third hub now, and they've indicated that their fourth hub will be coming on later this year. I think when you look at their sales mix, they've done a great job in terms of developing the African market. Just looking at their lineup periodically, there are times when well over half of what they're shipping is going to the African market. So, they're developing markets that they're serving. And I think they've indicated that, as time goes on, they expect to capture about half of the growth in global demand, and they are a very formidable, good competitor in this market.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. With that, I think we're about ready to close. No more questions. What I just want to end the call with, though, is to say we have to be careful to separate the operational issues with the market. In the market, we have to separate seasonal slowness in the first quarter with the long-term up-cycle that we're starting to see in overall. So, to conclude the call, I just want to reiterate our key points. While our results for the first quarter did not meet our expectations, we've moved past the operational issues we encountered. Our cost and capital continues to be well controlled, and we are building considerable leverage to deliver shareholder value as the market improves. We expect to deliver stronger performance in the second quarter and the remainder of this year as we focus on integration of our Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. Again, thank you for joining us today and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co. Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co. Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch) Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Graeme Welds - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Strategy and Market Analysis. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at MosaicCo.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning, and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings discussion. This morning, I will talk about our results. Then Mike Rahm will provide insights on our market conditions we expect in 2017. Rich Mack will discuss our financial outlook, and I will have some concluding thoughts before we take your questions. First, I would like to mention the leadership changes that are happening as a result of our pending Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. Rick McLellan is now Senior Vice President for Brazil. He will lead our combined business there after the transaction closes, and he is now fully engaged in the integration planning. Corrine Ricard has stepped into Rick's previous role, Senior Vice President of Commercial. Corrine most recently led our HR function and before that, she spent many years in senior roles in our commercial organization. She knows our markets and our customers extremely well, and she will be a valuable addition to our commercial efforts. Before I get into the results, I want to briefly touch on the dividend action. As we previewed in December and as you have seen in our news release, we announced a reduction in the targeted annual dividend to $0.60 per share effective with our next dividend declaration. This move reflects our commitment to our investors to maintain a strong financial position, in light of the risk that the pace of market improvements is more gradual than we expect. Now, let's get on to our results. This was a good quarter for Mosaic, with very strong shipment volumes and rising market prices for our products. We have three key points for you today. First, we had an excellent quarter from an execution perspective. Second, we are confident that the bottom of the cycle is behind us, and that markets are improving, albeit slowly. And third, Mosaic has managed our business effectively and invested wisely. As a result, we are in excellent position to capitalize on better business conditions going forward. We are working to maximize the opportunities the Vale Fertilizantes acquisition will provide, while maintaining costs and preserving capital so that we can create long-term shareholder value. We are optimistic about 2017. And we are definitely feeling better now than we were at this point last year. There is no question that business conditions are improving, and our execution has allowed Mosaic to fully capitalize on the upswing. I'd like to point out some of the highlights of the quarter and of the year. In our Potash business unit, our MOP production cash cost per tonne decreased substantially, with costs for the quarter coming in at $56 per tonne. And cash production costs plus brine management costs were $74 per tonne. The significantly lower costs were driven by a high operating rate at Esterhazy and by our now-complete Canpotex proving run at Belle Plaine, which is delivering volumes well above the mine's existing design capacity. In addition, we have taken out meaningful operating costs through actions large and small, from stopping high-cost production to lowering our brine management expense. Fourth quarter results demonstrate the transformation of our Potash business. And we expect our cost profile to improve further when the K3 mine is operating and we have the opportunity to eliminate brine management expenses. While we're on the topic of K3, this month will bring an important milestone. We expect to reach the potash ore zone at 3,400 feet down in the next couple of weeks. Our International Distribution business also continues to deliver high margins and good volumes, highlighted by very strong operating results in Brazil. Volumes in Brazil were up over 20% in the fourth quarter of 2016 and margins exceeded our forecast. The outlook for Brazil is strong, which bodes well for our pending Vale Fertilizantes acquisition. On that front, integration planning is underway and we continue to expect to complete the transaction later this year. The Vale business is an ideal strategic fit for us. We will acquire excellent assets and a talented workforce at an appealing valuation. And the deal vastly increases our presence in the promising Brazil market. In Phosphates, we drove down rock cost back to a more normalized level in the fourth quarter, and the team delivered record MicroEssentials production and sales in 2016, as we brought our expanded capacity online. I should also note that the teams in Florida have made tremendous progress on the sinkhole at New Wales. Grouting to repair the hole is underway. And we continue to see no offsite water impacts, as we expected. Our Commercial team also executed well, with strong fourth quarter sales taking advantage of having our products in the right place at the right time. The team also met its significantly higher 2016 target for MicroEssentials sales, while maintaining the traditional premium over DAP, demonstrating the demand for MicroEssentials continues to grow. We set another record for safety performance in 2016, our fourth consecutive year of record performance. I believe strongly that safety performance is an excellent indicator of overall execution. Finally, our aggressive expense and capital management programs are paying off. Look at it this way; the year-over-year impact of potash and phosphate price decreases was $1.8 billion. Our lower costs and capital expenditures helped offset these declines. We generated $1.3 billion in operating cash flow, and maintained the financial strength to seize a major growth opportunity in South America. I want to be clear. We are going to remain committed to the expense discipline we have developed across the cycle. Our guidance for 2017 demonstrates that. We expect SG&A cost between $295 million and $310 million, down compared to 2016. And we expect CapEx to be in the range of $800 million to $900 million again in 2017, down from our original expectations of $1.2 billion. Now, let's move on to the markets and why we are increasingly optimistic about the year ahead. First, potash and phosphate prices continue to move up, even through the seasonally-slow time of the year. In fact, standard potash prices have risen $25 to $30 per tonne in Malaysia and Indonesia. A blend grade price has gained about $40 per tonne in Brazil and more than $50 per tonne in North America from their lows last year. In phosphates, New Orleans' barge prices were up $35 per tonne since the low last December, while China export prices have surged about $70 per tonne so far this year. Second, the strong sales volumes during the quarter clearly helped establish some price momentum. Even with the high volumes, dealer inventories were low coming out of the fall in North America. So, we continue to expect strong global demand in 2017. And, importantly, we have seen meaningful reductions in global capacity and production in both potash and phosphates. Of course, there is always uncertainties and we are keeping a close eye on grain prices, currency movements and China's phosphate production. For more on our market outlook for 2017, I will turn the call over to Mike Rahm. Mike?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc. Let's start with potash. We entered 2017 with very different fundamentals than just a year ago. Channel inventories worldwide have been drawn down as a result of continued strong on-farm demand and lower shipments during the last two years. On the supply side, all of the North American facilities that were at the right end of the industry cost curve have closed. We estimate a permanent reduction of approximately 3 million tonnes of annual MOP capacity from the closure or reconfiguration of seven North American facilities. This, in turn, resulted in a large decline in output last year. For example, North American MOP production was down 2.1 million metric tonnes during the first three quarters of 2016, according to the most recent TFI statistics. On the demand side of the equation, lower prices have underpinned strong on-farm demand. In North America, we estimate that shipments from producers and importers during the last half of 2016 were up 15% to 20% from both a year earlier and the seven-year Olympic average due to the long fall application window as well as a favorable ratio of crop prices to potash costs. Reports from our sales team indicate that application rates held steady in most cases, and were up in others as some farmers are rebuilding soil potassium levels, given the low cost of potash. The net result is that potash inventories held by North American producers dropped 50% from the near-record 3.6 million metric tonnes on June 30 to just 1.8 million tonnes on September 30, according to the most recent TFI figures. The improved supply-demand balance has driven the $50 increase in NOLA prices to $240 per metric tonne today. We expect this positive momentum to continue through 2017. Global MOP shipments are forecast to increase more than 4%, or 2.6 million tonnes this year, the first increase since the 9 million tonne surge in 2014. On-farm demand remains strong and producer shipments will need to closely match projected use this year, given lean channel inventories worldwide. All of the big six consuming regions, North America, Brazil, China, India, Indonesia and Malaysia, are forecast to post gains. Finally, we do not expect material supply increases from either brownfield expansions or greenfield projects this year. All of this bodes well for potash supply-demand dynamics in 2017. Moving to phosphates, as we said many times, China is the key swing factor and recent developments there look increasingly positive for the global market. Recent statistics and news reports indicate that the widely expected restructuring of the phosphate sector is underway. Production and exports declined last year, in response to both lower prices as well as the recent government crackdown on excessive emissions of air and water effluents. Chinese Customs Statistics show that exports of the leading phosphate products declined 18% last year, a drop of 2.1 million tonnes from the record volume a year ago. The government reported that 70% of Chinese producers lost money last year, so lower prices are forcing cutbacks in output. In addition, some producers have temporarily shut down as a result of actual or expected environmental audits. The Chinese Government is becoming increasingly responsive to the public's demand for improved air and water quality. As a result, we project that Chinese exports of the leading phosphate products will decline again this year to 7 million to 8 million tonnes. In addition, it is important to note that tighter environmental regulations and pollution taxes have and will impact even the low-cost producers, which, in turn, is raising the industry cost curve. This is an evolving situation that merits close monitoring this year. Just like in potash, finished product prices have quickly reflected lower output and reduced product availability. The DAP price FOB China port recently traded at $360 per tonne, up $70 per tonne from just a couple of months earlier. Looking ahead, global shipments of the leading phosphate products are projected to climb to 66 million to 68 million tonnes in 2017, up from an estimated 66 million tonnes in 2016. A key feature of the phosphate outlook is continued broad-based demand growth. In addition to expected gains in the big import markets like Brazil and India, significant demand is emerging from other regions, including Africa, Argentina, the former Soviet Union and Southeast Asia. Demand growth, combined with an estimated decline of Chinese exports, is expected to increase industry stripping margins from the lows of 2016. In summary, prospects for the global phosphate and potash markets look positive given these recent developments. Prices are moving up and we expect that this momentum will continue this year. Now, I'll pass the call to Rich Mack. Rich?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you all. As Mike's views indicate, we expect stable and improving market conditions with continuing strong demand and the potential for a more constructive pricing environment. We have been highlighting for several quarters that Mosaic is focused on the things that we can control, notably our execution, our operational costs and our capital. As our results demonstrate, we have made tremendous progress and, as Joc said, we are not going to take our eye off the ball as markets improve. We are also going to continue to manage our capital very carefully. In December, we previewed a possible modification to our dividend policy, if market conditions did not recover sufficiently to fund our full dividend in 2017. Since then, market conditions have improved. And market sentiment is better today than it has been in the recent past. We expect this improvement to continue through 2017, but the risk is that the pace of improvement remains slow. With this in mind, we have consistently communicated our commitment to investors to maintain a solid financial foundation. And we have decided to reduce our dividend by approximately 45% to $0.60 per share on an annual basis. Going forward, we will continue to manage our balance sheet to preserve our credit ratings, and we look forward to building from this revised dividend base as our business grows in the years ahead. Now, I'll briefly review the quarter and the year, and I'll discuss our guidance for the business units. For the quarter, we reported earnings per diluted share of $0.03, which was negatively impacted by $0.23 of notable items. While there is some noise from quarter-to-quarter in terms of notable items, the impact for the full year was close to zero. In total, Mosaic earned $0.85 per share in 2016, a respectable result with the weak pricing environment our industry faced throughout the year. In Potash, our sales volumes for the fourth quarter were at the midpoint of our guidance range, at 2 million tonnes. And prices moved modestly higher. The volumes reflect a continuation of the strong demand we saw in the third quarter, as well as the aftermath of a robust fall application season in North America. Strong demand leads to higher prices. And we are beginning to see that now, although our guidance is relatively flat in the upcoming quarter. For the first quarter of 2017, we expect to see continued modest pricing gains in granular and standard markets, offset by contract-driven declines in our higher-priced industrial product as well as less industrial in the mix. The combined impact leaves our guidance for the quarter at $165 to $180 per tonne. We expect continuing strong demand as channel inventories remain low as we move toward a contract with Chinese customers. Our volume guidance range of 2.15 million to 2.3 million tonnes is narrower than usual, reflecting the fact that 85% of our product is already sold. There is limited upside because very little product is available. The increase year-over-year is also indicative of the strong demand and lean pipeline inventories Mike mentioned earlier. Our gross margin rate in Potash rebounded to 16% in the quarter, primarily as a result of our near-record low production costs. Our guidance for the first quarter margin rate is around 20%. While costs will remain tightly controlled, the restarted production at Colonsay and the completion of our Belle Plaine proving run are likely to result in slightly higher costs per tonne. In Phosphates, volumes were above our guidance range as our customers took ownership of inventory to rebuild depleted inventories. Global demand has been persistently strong, with concerns over shrinking availability and rising raw material costs which have incented the channel to lock in product and drove average prices higher toward the back-end of the quarter. With this as a backdrop, our first quarter guidance for Phosphate volumes is 2.0 million to 2.3 million tonnes. And DAP prices, FOB plant, are expected to range from $315 to $335 per tonne. As of today, like potash, over 80% of our volumes are committed and priced. Current spot prices for finished phosphates are higher than our guidance range, and we expect to realize those higher prices in the second quarter of 2017. Our Phosphates margin rate for the quarter was 9%, which was at the high end of our guidance range. We expect a gross margin rate in the upper single digits in the first quarter, as higher prices are offset by higher raw material costs. As Mike pointed out, stripping margins have compressed for phosphate producers in 2016. We do expect, however, a gradual recovery with the key factors to watch being Chinese production and exports. Moving on to International Distribution, which continued to generate strong results as we closed 2016; excellent farm economics in Brazil drove strong demand, highlighted by very strong MicroEssentials sales. Sales and prices were also strong in India, where we saw a good rabi application season, and in China, where potash inventories remain low. Gross margin per tonne remained very healthy, at $31 per tonne, as prices rose and our teams managed costs downward. For the first quarter, we expect margins in International Distribution to be approximately $20 per tonne, down slightly from the fourth quarter, reflecting natural seasonality in our Brazil business. Finally, the effective tax rate for the quarter was once again negative, due to relatively constant tax deductions and our lower taxable income. We expect our 2017 full year tax rate to be in the upper single digits, as a result of expected higher profitability and slightly lower deductions this year. To summarize, the fourth quarter was a solid end to the year for Mosaic, considering difficult market conditions. We generated good cash flow, controlled our capital spend and cost environment, and made some difficult decisions that will position us well with momentum heading into 2017. Going forward, our expectations are that the cyclical upturn will allow us to pay down debt and achieve our target leverage ratios within reasonable timeframes. The prudent, but difficult, actions we've taken to conserve the balance sheet have put us in excellent position for improving markets. With that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Joc for his closing thoughts and to moderate our Q&A. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Rich. Let me articulate where I think we are in the cycle as we head into 2017. We are confident that we have seen the bottom in both phosphates and potash prices, which are now gradually recovering from cyclical lows. We are well-positioned to benefit from that recovery. We've made major strides last year in our strategy, in our operations, and in our cost structures. And we have earned significant leverage for stronger markets. 2017 is going to be a busy year for us, with many work streams to prepare for an excellent integration of Vale Fertilizantes business. As we work through that process, we will maintain our focus on superb execution and capital preservation, even as we continue to look for additional opportunities to create long-term shareholder value. Now, we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Your first question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. I just want to ask what the Phosphate segment margins and you touched on this a bit in your prepared remarks. We've definitely seen prices running higher in the spot markets, but the first quarter margin guidance was a little disappointing and it didn't seem to really reflect much of an improvement quarter-over-quarter. So, maybe it's a timing issue, like you were saying, and maybe second quarter margins get better, but there's also changing input costs and a lot of variables that go into it. So, maybe if you could just walk us through some of those expectations and how that might be changing over the next several quarters throughout the year. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Andrew, Joc here. Yes. Certainly, I'll hand it over to Rick to talk about this a little bit. But in the first quarter, we expected this to be a seasonally-slower than average, which is one of the reasons why the price doesn't improve as quickly as all of that and, of course, it's the timing of the sales. At this point in the quarter, we're largely committed for the whole quarter, which means that it's going to take some time for that new pricing to run through the system. I'm going just to hand it over to Rick to just give some details on that.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Good morning, Andrew. We're here at the TFI this morning and we've been with our customers since Sunday. And, frankly, overall, the customers are accepting the changes that are going on in the phosphate market, in fact, are probably more concerned about availability for their usage. In the last 45 days, we've seen phosphate prices in North America increase $40 a short tonne. We've seen phosphate prices for Tampa go up $35 a tonne. You've seen China prices go up $70 a tonne. And so, with all of this, you're always selling into a market that's appreciating. And so, as Joc says, we're well sold into the first quarter, and we're very positive about what we expect realizations to be in the second quarter. Rich?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: And, Andrew, just one final point and that is, in the first quarter, we do have some turnarounds at some of our plants in Florida that we didn't have in Q4. And so as we move into later quarters, Q2 and beyond, hopefully, we see some improvements there with some additional pressure on ammonia prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Without sort of getting into a specific price forecast, I'm wondering if you could just sort of talk about what you think the trajectory of prices will be in potash and phosphate. And I guess what I'm really asking is you mentioned in 4Q you didn't see sort of the typical seasonal slowdown in prices the way that we might have in the past. So, I'm wondering if as we move through the spring season this year and get into sort of the summer doldrums, do you think we'll sort of see the seasonality of the prices resume or do you think we're just sort of on a slow steady glide path through the balance of the year, regardless of seasonal demand?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Vincent. What I would say to that is, look, we're heading into the year in a very constructive situation for both commodities. Both phosphate and potash seem to be – as Rick said, people are accepting the price increases that are coming. We would expect that as we get closer to spring and maximum demand seasonal, that those prices would continue to rise and maybe rise a little faster. And obviously, it's going to get a little softer as that spring season ends and we go into fall and refill season. Rick, do you want to kind of...?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: I think the only thing that I'd add is when we take a look at what we saw in the last year at this time, there is less inventory, both in our hands as well as in distributors' hands around the world, which we're showing that, a very good first quarter forecast for both P&K. But the second quarter, we're not catching up to people that want to charge distribution systems, that – and buyers that have been buying hand-to-mouth. So it'll be interesting to see what happens in that typically slow Q3 period, to see if inventories have caught up to demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Morning, guys. I was wondering about your distribution business in Brazil; first, just tactically on the quarter, how much of that growth was Mosaic versus market? And can you talk a little bit more about what you're thinking about this business strategically, particularly after the Vale acquisition?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Jonas. Good morning. Yeah, first of all, look, we've long said we think Brazil is a very attractive market. I think this result that we had in the fourth quarter really reflects Brazil overall. I think the numbers are out now. There was 34 million-plus tonnes of fertilizer delivered to Brazil this year or in Brazil this year, which is another record. It continues to grow at 4% or 5%. The one standout for us versus the rest was, of course, our performance of MicroEssentials. We really were able to capitalize on our ADM acquisition and take big advantage of our growing footprint there. And how it's going to fit in with Vale, I mean, we think they're very complementary. Again, after a long-winded introduction, I'm going to give it over to Rick to talk a little bit more about the Vale and how we see those two fitting together.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, Joc. Thanks. The acquisition of the Vale business is going to, as Joc says, fit really well to what we have. One, it's complementary as far as areas where we have not built solid market positions. That's one. But I think the bigger issue for us as we look at this, Joc and I just came back from a week of visiting all the Vale assets and the senior leadership at each of the facilities. And we walked away with what we believed, but a lot more confidence in the fact that we've got good long-term assets that we're going to have that are going to allow us to grow. The people we met, that are leading these businesses, are good, solid. We have good solid people coming to join us. And you just walk away after traveling through Brazil and visiting with people in agriculture about just what the opportunities to grow in that market will be. And, frankly, we'll be very well-positioned with assets, people and Mosaic's products like MicroEssentials.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Roberts, UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. With the rise in coal in China, could you talk about where you think stripping margins for Chinese producers are and how much more phosphate capacity might come offline?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, John. I'm going to hand that straight over to Mike Rahm. Dr. Rahm does a lot of work in this area. And I think he probably has a pretty good handle on where those costs mean for China.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and good morning, John. I think as we indicated, we're guiding exports at 7 million to 8 million tonnes next year, so that indicates that we expect that there will be further declines in phosphate production in China; can't get into too many details in terms of the nature of their cost curve, but, as you know, it's a very, very cost diverse industry. And, as we mentioned in some of the prepared remarks, the government has reported 70% of phosphate companies there are losing money. So, we do expect further reductions in both production and exports. And it translates into about a 2 million tonne drop in exports in our view of in 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Morning. Just a two-parter; so, first, you're projecting yourself to grow your potash volumes by 6% in 2017. I think your commentary was you don't expect any greenfield capacity coming on in 2017. Can you just tell us how you'll get 6% higher volume when you consider Rocanville reducing your allocation, when you consider Agrium adding volume and then the K+S legacy mine supposed to come on in June. And the other question was, you talk about that you're 80% sold for potash for Q1, but I think Canpotex put out comments that you're fully committed for Q1. So, can you reconcile those two statements? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Joel, good to hear your voice. First of all, K volumes, yeah, our K volume for the year is, we believe, exactly in line with how we've worked out North America Canpotex share and the growth of the global market. I'll let Mike talk about that in a second, but, before I do, you asked the question about us being 80% sold while Canpotex is fully committed. And, yes, Canpotex is fully committed to the quarter. And that means probably in North America, we're largely sold, but we still have a few sales left to go. Mike, do you want to just go through the potash volumes?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Yeah. We're projecting, as we said, a 2.6 million tonne increase in global shipments. We think Canpotex probably will capture about half of that. So, if you think of a 1.3 million tonne potential increase in Canpotex shipments, our share, our entitlement first half of the year for Canpotex is 38.1%. We think after the completion of our Belle Plaine proving run as well as the completion of Rocanville, that will drop a bit. We're using a little bit over 37% average for 2017. So, if do that math, that's about a, say, a 450,000 to 500,000 tonne increase in shipments through Canpotex. And then in the domestic market, we think there's probably a little bit of upside there in terms of demand, plus we're seeing a nice rebound in our K-Mag sales. So, you add 500,000 tonnes with a couple hundred thousand tonne increase in North American MOP and K-Mag sales and you land right in the middle of our guidance range.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And I'll just add here, we do expect some K+S tonnage, but they're not going to come, we don't believe, till quite late in the late. And when they come, we'll deal with that. The other comment to make here is, yes, Rocanville will come on with new tonnage, but we will also have an increase due to our Belle Plaine proving run, which we've just completed.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: And maybe just one final point, Joel, just as a reminder, these adjustments for Canpotex purposes don't kick in until July 1, and Canpotex is scheduling a very robust shipment schedule in the first half of 2017.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Mike, a question on your phosphate outlook, you talked about a $70 rebound in Chinese pricing. So, to what extent will that lead to reopening of some of the shuttered capacity or maybe, said another way, how much of the Chinese reductions are driven by economics? How much is driven by environmental restrictions? And then, in the second half of the year as we see new capacity from OCP and potentially the Ma'aden start-up, hat impact could that have on your market outlook?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Don, thanks. Well, let me just start by making a general comment of China. Look, we have long expected China to have to do some overall restructuring of their industry. They have some great low-cost producers, but they also have some very high-cost, old, highly environmental-impact sites that I think they're going to have to do some real reconciliation of. So, I think there's going to be a change in how that industry looks. I'll let Mike go on to the detail of how much of that is price-driven, how much of that is environmental-driven. The next comment, though, is with our forecast of China going down another 1 million tonnes or so, really, we see that more than offsetting new production from OCP and we really don't expect the Ma'aden to have a material impact until much later in the year. And even then, we see it starting up, but it's a mega project. It'll be a slower ramp up than instantaneous. Mike?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Don, you hit on all the critical swing factors, I think, in the phosphate business. Throw in crop prices, and I think you got all of them. But those are tough questions. As we said earlier, there are some uncertainties. We do think that the changes in China are driven, to some extent, by economics, but I think there are also very powerful industry associations that understand that restructuring has to take place. We've often referred to the May meeting of their phosphate association, where they have indicated that they think 3 million tonnes of capacity in P205 terms needs to be shut down. And so, yeah, economics will play a factor in this. But I think there are other things at work there that will achieve the objectives that the industry association has stated. And then I think Joc has covered the new capacity coming on later in the year. That certainly is an issue that we'll monitor very closely. The only thing I would add is that in terms of OCP's capacity, I mean, they have done a very good job developing demand for those hubs. And their sales in Africa have been outstanding, and that market continues to grow. I think there's also issues in terms of how quickly they can get tonnes out into the market. I think right now, we're seeing loading delays out of Jorf. And it's almost reminiscent of what happened in 2014 where all of a sudden, you had buyers come to the market realizing that the bottom was in, and you had this big, big surge in demand, and all of a sudden, the realization that there are some loading constraints. So I think there are a lot of things at play right now. But bottom line, you identified key risk factors, but, at this point in time, we still feel pretty good about the outlook for phosphate, but we'll monitor these closely throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew Korn from Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. If you could, could you help me unpack your CapEx guidance a bit for the year? What's the K3 amount earmarked in the range? What else is in there that's significant in terms of growth? And then, lastly, with ore production at K3 pending, which I'm taking from your earlier comments, when would your cost benefits start flowing through? And is there anything within the K3 ramp that's leading to the increase in your brine expense year-over-year? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Matthew. So, just to unpack our CapEx, as you say, we've done a lot of work to reduce our ongoing sustaining capital. We've made a real point of taking that down to, let's say, the $500 million range, which means that probably the big ones are still the major capital items that are still to spend. Those include, probably, we'll be coming to the end of Ma'aden this year. I think there's a couple hundred million dollars left to spend there that we'll see. And then, of course, we have K3. K3, we are actually, as per my comments in the start, hitting ore at K3 if not next week, probably within the next couple of weeks. So, we're largely through the major cost of building the shaft and sinking the shaft. So, it'll be fitting out the shaft. It'll be running conveyors over to K1 and K2. And then it will be – most of the development work, which will be to turn the hole in the ground into an operating mine. On that, we expect to spend somewhere in the range of the $150 million to $200 million a year for the next three or four years doing just those activities. And then, that'll probably come to an end not until likely early next decade. Your question on brine, I'd just like to say on brine, I mean, we've guided $160 million, $180 million which might be slightly conservative against this year. There's a high level of uncertainty in brine, depending on what Mother Nature throws at us. If we get a higher brine inflow rate for a period of time, we will spend a little more money addressing that. So, we've had a good year this year, from that perspective. And if all goes well, we'll spend the same or even less. But if there's a brine inflow, we will have to address it. So, that was the reason for the range on our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Ian Bennett - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks. This is Ian Bennett on for Steve Byrne. You guys made some comments earlier about improvement in pricing in standard markets in potash, but some degradation in industrial markets. Can you remind us to your industrial mix in both potash and phosphate in 2016 and expectations for 2017 and then how you think about the relative attractiveness of those markets over the next couple of years? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you. Yeah. I think just I'm going to introduce it and hand it over to Rick to talk about our mix and whatnot, but, just to be clear, the industrial market is priced somewhat differently than the agricultural market. And it's normally based on a trailing price from the agricultural market. So, while they move in slightly different timings, they do follow each other over time. Rick, do you want to talk about our mix and...?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Just the industrial market for us on phosphates is, frankly, a non-factor. Most of our industrial product is in potash and those are with, as Joc described, longer-term contracts. Now, going to kind of global potash markets, we've seen nice increases in granular product or blend grade product, into Brazil where we're at $250 for delivered potash as well as we've seen good strength into Southeast Asia, where standard potash is around $240. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I just want to say with this industrial, the other aspect of the industrial is because it lags, we've seen better than agricultural prices for the last six months. And as you hit the bottom, it will end up with a three to six month lag as we go up the market. But, overall, like I say, it'll fall off. In terms of percentage, 10% of our overall potash sales are industrial.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yonah Weisz from HSBC. Your line is open.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch): Yes. Hi. Thanks for the question. I wanted to maybe follow up on the industrial question in phosphates with animal feed. PotashCorp was saying the animal feed market is taking, seeming, a severe beating in North America. How do you see phosphate animal feed into next year?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Yonah, thanks for the question. There's no question. I think the feed market has been under a little bit of pressure lately, competitive pressure, mostly from probably the imports. But, for us, that's not a huge piece of our profitability. I want to just point out, you refer to the other company and their phosphate business. We service very different markets. We very much service the ag market, where they service more the industrial market. And so, we've had a few questions comparing the two, and I don't think they're really that comparable because we service such different markets. Rick, do you want to talk about the feed market a bit?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yes. The only thing that I would add is, for us, the feed market is about 5% of our total phosphates. It's a good segment for us. We're set up with some of the major integrators in North America and around the world. And, yes, we've seen pressure in the short-term, but that comes and goes. Our customers are long-term and we have good agreements in place with them.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc.: This is Oliver Rowe on for Ben. Could you just discuss the sustainability of the pricing pressure we're seeing in some of the key international phosphate rock markets? And further to that, how you see the rock S&D balance evolving in the mid-term now that some of the major expansions in Saudi Arabia and Morocco are behind us?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I'm going to hand that straight over to Mike. When we start talking about the global S&Ds, he's really the guy to talk about it. Mike?
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: All right. Good morning, Oliver. Yeah, there has been some pressure in the rock market, but I think things are stabilizing a bit. I just read the results of, I think, of Bangladesh tender here this morning for 72% rock netting back to about $100 both in Jordan and Morocco. So, I think many of those fundamentals have played out. And our assessment is that the rock market is probably going to stabilize here for most of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on your views on India, on the phosphate market, some of the swings in supply and demand there that you're looking at in the first half. And, more broadly, you didn't provide kind of the regional breakdown for potash and phosphate demand or shipments in the slide deck. Is there any way to discuss what would drive you to the upper or lower end of your bands? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Adam. Again, we're going to let Mike go through the S&Ds of the India phosphate market. Maybe Rick can talk about a little more of the near-term stuff and the regional distribution of the potash.
Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yes, certainly. Well, as you know, imports and shipments in India were off this year as they drew down stocks. Now, we think that that process is largely behind them. Inventories have been pulled down. We're projecting that shipments in 2017 will rebound a bit to kind of that 9.3 million to 9.5 million tonne range, up from about 9.2 million this year. And that imports will rebound from less than 5 million tonnes, about 4.8 million I think is our current estimate for last year, to about 5.3 million. And I think the key feature in India is that, as you know, they just announced their preliminary subsidy. And that was positive, I think, for both P&K in terms of a larger number of rupees allocated to that. So, I think some of that reflects the anticipation of these greater volumes. So they're facilitating, I think, import economics. So we think we that India is on the upswing. On-farm economics there are just fine. And the rupee has seemed to stabilize a bit. And all the kind of stars and moons are aligned for a recovery there. And I guess the real important part, I think, is just the pipeline, both P&K visible inventories have pulled down, but our team in India has used the term bone-dry to describe what they think are retail inventories at the literally thousands of small shops throughout India. So, we have factored in increases, and I think we're on the upswing and a positive trajectory there. And if anything, we think there may be a little bit more upside than what we currently have in our forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Graeme Welds - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good morning, everyone. This is Graeme Welds on for Chris. I was just wondering if you could give us a quick update on what's going with the ammonia off-take agreement with CF. And also just curious, given the moves we've seen in ammonia pricing since the start of the year, how does your contract with CF, how favorable is it relative to where it was last year? Any color on that would be really helpful. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, Graeme. Sure. So, as you're well aware, the ammonia prices spiked a fair bit in the last negotiation. I think we were up $70 over up to $320. That's largely the issues going on right now in the Ukraine between the Russians and the Ukrainians. And gas availability has put short-term tightness in that market. I would say that's certainly not likely to stay as long-term tightness, or at least we're not expecting that, but certainly it has created some short-term tightness. In terms of our contract with CF, I'm going to ask Rick to talk a little bit more about that, but just to be clear again, this is a eight-plus year contract with volumes of 600,000 to 800,000 tonnes. It will be based on the Henry Hub price of natural gas that will determine the price. So, at any given time, it may be in or out of the money. I think, at this stage, it is probably slightly out of the money. But we are not delivering against that yet. We'll start delivering at against it in the second half of the year. Rick?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. The only thing that I would add, Graeme, is that we are building a specific tug and barge to move the ammonia from their plant to Tampa. And I think we said that that's been delayed. So, we've developed workarounds with CF for the first half, and we expect to begin pulling product in the back half of the year.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. So, we probably have time for two more questions and then closing, so, Operator, back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. I just wanted to dig a little deeper into the timing on the Chinese negotiations. I know it's always tricky, but kind of given their inventory situation, do you have sort of a timeline that you're anticipating as being for a resolution? And between China and India, who would you expect to go first this year?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yes. Thanks, Michael. I'm going to make a little bit of a different comment, which is that really from Mosaic's perspective and certainly for Canpotex and the rest of them, we are very reluctant to talk a whole lot about that China contract. There's active negotiations. We understand that those will start after Chinese New Year, which is this week. But beyond that, really, I prefer not to speculate on that because I think that actually effects the negotiations themselves. And so, I'm going to take a pass. I know it's a different approach from others in the past. But also, from our perspective, A, it effects those negotiations, which I don't like. But what I can tell you is demand around the rest of the world is really good right now. As was mentioned earlier, Canpotex is fully committed for the first quarter. So, we're not in a huge rush in. And I got to tell you, although China is a benchmark contract, it's not as relevant as it once was, certainly not for us because there's a lot of other material that we move around the world. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citigroup. Your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Good morning. After your Vale acquisition, you will be unique in that you will have production and distribution in the country. Does that help you place more of your North American production in Brazil? And then secondly, quick question for Mike Rahm; you mentioned about India, you didn't mention about demonetization, if that had an impact in fourth quarter? And if it did, is there a snap back in 2017? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thanks, P.J. So, yes, Vale is a production business. They have their own customers, which are, in a large part, different than our customers. So, their servicing slightly different places in the country and in a slightly different way. A matter of fact, we are one of their large customers already. So, there is good synergy there. Our goal will be to as we look at Brazil, we'll be looking at it as holistically as we possibly can. So, there will be times when it may pull more of Mosaic's product from North America through, but we also have opportunity to pull more of Vale domestic product through our own distribution system. So, I think it works both ways and I think there is a real opportunity to optimize the net-backs overall to Mosaic. In terms of demonetization, our view is it probably hasn't had a big impact because there has been substantial and steady demand. Rick's in charge of our International Distribution, so he might have a little more to say on it, but, overall, our belief is that has been minimal impact.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. P.J., we saw a lot of talk about how big the impact was going to be on kind of November and December shipments of demonetization. And, frankly, November was a record for shipments in India in-country. And, as Mike commented, our group says we pulled down inventories at the retail level to a position of bone-dry and so, frankly, a lot of noise, but, in effect, not much impact.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. So, I would now like to close our call. And to close, I just want to reiterate our key themes. First, Mosaic is executing across all of our businesses and all around the world at a very high level. Second, the markets are improving, whether they're fast or slow, but they are improving month-over-month, week-over-week. And, third, Mosaic is in an excellent position to capitalize on better business conditions. We are working to maximize the opportunities with Vale Fertilizantes acquisition and what that acquisition will provide, while managing costs, preserving capital, so that we can create long-term shareholder value. We look forward to providing you with a more detailed look at our strategy and progress at our Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on April 12. So, thank you for joining our call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co. James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co. Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co. Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co. Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.
Analysts: Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker) Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch) John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter 2016 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Strategy and Market Analysis. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning, and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, during this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are in our quarterly performance data also available on our website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call. This morning, I will give you an overview of our results, then Mike Rahm will discuss market conditions, before Rich Mack takes you through some details on our performance for the quarter. I will have some final thoughts before we take your questions. The key concepts that we want you to understand from this call are: first, we anticipated improvements in the business in the second half of the year, and those improvements have begun to materialize. We continue to maintain a constructive outlook for the industry; second, the actions we've taken to lower costs and optimize assets combined with our scale and secure market access, positioned us to maximize the benefits of improving market dynamics; and third, our Brazil-centered growth strategy is clearly paying off. Our investment in MicroEssentials capacity expansion and the acquisition of ADM's distribution business came together to allow our International Distribution business to meaningfully exceed expectations this quarter. Now, let's discuss the markets. Mike?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joc, and good morning, everyone. Markets during the third quarter played out close to our expectations. Let's start with Potash. Three positive developments are taking place in the global potash market: one, on-farm demand remains solid worldwide; two, large channel inventories are getting worked down; and three, producers are optimizing operations in order to meet demand and compete profitably in this new market environment. On the demand side, statistics continue to point to a bunching of demand during the second half, exactly what we had highlighted on the last earnings call. Canpotex has announced that it is sold out for the rest of the year; its second half shipments are expected to top the 2014 record. We also project that second half North American shipments will rank as the second highest during the last five years. As you can see on the slide, North American producer inventories are shrinking rapidly, as a result of not only this demand surge, but also production cutbacks during the first half, normal summer turnarounds, and the temporary closure of our Colonsay facility. Current momentum is expected to carry over into next year. We project that global MOP shipments will climb to 61 million tons to 63 million tons in 2017, with the current point estimate of around 62 million tons. That computes to a 4%, or 2.5 million ton jump in shipments from our 2016 estimate of just less than 60 million tons. The projected increase is driven by continued solid on-farm demand and leaner channel inventories worldwide. Thus, shipments are expected to more closely approximate use next year. All of the big six consuming regions are forecast to post gains in 2017. In the case of Phosphates, the DAP margin turned up during the third quarter, as a result of improved fundamentals. The benchmark increased, but the sharp drop in raw material costs resulted in stable or only moderately higher prices in most regions, and that is helping to fuel broad-based demand growth. We estimate that global shipments will increase by 800,000 tons to 65 million tons to 66 million tons this year. China and India remain drags on growth, but gains from all corners of the globe are projected to more than make up the shortfall in the two largest phosphate consuming countries. In addition to increases in the United States, Brazil, Argentina, Australia, Pakistan, the former Soviet Union, and Africa are expected to post solid gains this year. Just like potash, several supply side changes are taking place. China year-to-date exports through September are down 29%, or 2.4 million tons from last year. We project that exports will drop from a record 11.6 million tons in 2015 to about 8.6 million tons this year. A restructuring of the Chinese industry is widely expected, with publicly announced plans to close outdated plants with capacity of 3.0 million tons of phosphate capacity by the end of this decade. That is the equivalent to 12% of industry capacity, or 6.5 million tons of DAP, roughly the amount of new capacity expected to start up in Morocco and Saudi Arabia during the next year or two. Looking ahead to 2017, we forecast that global shipments will increase by approximately 2.5% to 66 million tons to 68 million tons. China and India are expected to register modest gains next year, and continued growth is projected for most other regions, especially the Americas. Finally, we do expect a typical seasonal slowdown late fourth quarter and early first quarter. And two key factors we are continuing to watch closely are Chinese exports and the pace of new capacity ramp up. Now, I'll turn the call over to Rich Mack.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to you all. As Mike's assessment indicates, we expect the recent potash price and phosphate margin to remain fairly stable, seasonality aside. We also expect demand to remain strong, and limited additional price appreciation in the near term. Mosaic's performance for the quarter reflects the incrementally improved market environment, but it also reflects the resilience we've built into our business. We are maintaining our focus on the long term and controlling the things we can control, most notably our execution, our operational costs, and our capital. For the quarter, we reported earnings per diluted share of $0.11, which included a negative $0.30 impact from notable items that brought adjusted earnings per share to $0.41. Earnings also included a benefit of $0.08 per share from adjusting the full-year effective tax rate accrual. Our cost-reduction efforts are evident in the bottom line across our segments. You can see that we are achieving meaningful cost savings, and keep in mind that we made two acquisitions over this period. Our SG&A today is lower than it was before those acquisitions; and in fact, third quarter SG&A is the lowest in the last nine years. We continue to be on track to meet our combined expense-reduction goals of $575 million by 2018. We are demonstrating similar discipline with respect to our capital. We are continuing key strategic projects, and we are investing to ensure the safety of our employees as well as the mechanical integrity of our assets. As part of our strategic planning process, we took a very critical look at our CapEx requirements over the next five years. We are considering every capital decision very carefully; and as a result, we expect CapEx to come down meaningfully after 2017 to a level of approximately $800 million per year, down from earlier expectations of approximately $1.2 billion. With meaningful changes to our five-year capital program and significantly reduced operating costs, as well as expectations of an improving environment, we have maintained our dividend, which we will continue to review as market conditions evolve. We have also changed our target leverage range, now at 2.0 times to 2.5 times net-debt to adjusted EBITDA. We are also in the process of upsizing our revolving line of credit from $1.5 billion to $2 billion, maintaining our targeted liquidity at $2.5 billion. Going forward, we will continue to assess our cash generation and cash uses in light of our firm commitment to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. Now, I'd like to provide a brief review of our results and our expectations for each segment. In Potash, our sales volumes for the third quarter came in slightly above the top-end of our guidance range at 2.2 million tons. The volumes reflect the pent-up demand that came to fruition during the quarter, which in turn drew down producer and channel inventories. Prices responded accordingly, though they remain low compared with a year ago in earlier periods. In the fourth quarter, we continue to expect positive pricing trends, and our guidance is $160 per ton to $175 per ton. With our volume expectations in the fourth quarter of 1.9 million tons to 2.1 million tons, we believe the second half reflects the strong bunching of demand we talked about earlier this year. The narrower than normal ranges reflect Mosaic's essentially sold-out position for the fourth quarter. Our Potash gross margin rate for the quarter was 9%, above our guidance despite an operating rate in the low 60% range, and prices at the low end of our guidance range. The improvement reflects the benefits of our ongoing and aggressive work to reduce costs and optimize our operations. We expect fourth quarter margins to improve further with tailwinds from higher prices, higher operating rates to meet demand, and continued cost-reduction efforts. We also will be expensing some turnaround work during the quarter, and expect our gross margin rate to be in the mid-teens. Our margin rate guidance also incorporates further weakness in K-Mag prices reflective of the softer SOP market dynamics. Moving on to Phosphates, our business performed as expected. The Phosphate gross margin rate continued to expand as raw material cost reductions benefited our cost of goods sold, and with rock costs returning to more normal levels. Blended costs of rock reclined to $60 per ton during the quarter. Going forward, we expect slightly more variability in quarterly rock costs than in years past. However, our teams have done an outstanding job of mitigating some of the issues we encountered in the second quarter, and our goal is to maintain rock costs at or near current levels. Our average Phosphate's realized price and shipment volumes were in the middle of our guidance range, with strong global demand persisting, and with prices stabilizing despite falling raw material costs. As Mike said, the fourth quarter is seasonally slower, but we expect volumes to remain fairly robust at 2.1 million tons to 2.4 million tons, and DAP prices to seasonally weaken to a range of $300 per ton to $330 per ton. We expect relatively stable margins with a gross margin rate in the upper single digits, as lower input costs largely offset expected weakness in realized prices. We plan to run our Phosphates facilities at approximately 85% of capacity. Before I leave Phosphates, I'd like to briefly discuss our ammonia contract with CF Industries. As you know, the contract, which begins in 2017, allowed us to forgo the construction of a $1.2 billion ammonia manufacturing plant. We've worked with CF to align on the logistics, and we expect our barge to be completed in mid-2017. Given the long-term nature of the contract, the impact to our P&L will fluctuate based on nitrogen production economics. We fully expect there will be times we'll be benefiting from it and times that we will not. Moving on now to International Distribution, which was a bright spot during the quarter. Excellent farm economics in Brazil drove strong demand and improving prices. In addition, our unique position allowed us to capitalize on improving pricing trends with a meaningful improvement in International Distribution segment operating earnings. Gross margin per ton came in well ahead of expectations as a result of higher volumes and higher per ton margins of MicroEssentials, as well as better fixed cost absorption. As a reference point, sales of MicroEssentials in Brazil are up over 70% year-to-date. With a more stable operating environment in Brazil, we expect gross margins to be around $20 per ton, and volumes to be in the range of 1.7 million tons to 1.9 million tons during the fourth quarter. As in Potash, the narrower than normal volume range reflects Mosaic's sold-out position for the fourth quarter. Finally, the effective tax rate in the quarter was negative. The provision for income taxes in the third quarter included a $28 million benefit related to the expected reduction of the full-year effective tax rate. The low effective tax rate is a function of tax deductions that remain fairly constant, primarily depletion, combined with a currently low taxable income. In the near-term and in 2017, we expect more variability in our effective tax rate. Our other full-year guidance numbers can be seen on the slide. To summarize, we are seeing incremental improvements in the business climate, but we are continuing to plan for whatever the markets may bring. Mosaic has the financial strength and management discipline to adapt and take advantage of opportunities as conditions change. With that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Joc for his closing thoughts and to moderate our Q&A session. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Rich. Before we move on, I would like to address the situation at our New Wales Phosphate facility in Florida. As you probably know, a sinkhole developed in one cell of a gyp stack on the site, resulting in the loss of processed water that was atop that portion of the stack. This is an unfortunate situation, but I would like to commend the excellent around the clock work our teams in Florida are performing to resolve it. The key points for investors to understand are first and foremost, we have performed over 1,000 well tests, and we have not identified any off-site (16:24) impacts from the water loss. Collection walls are retaining the water, and we are pumping that water back up to another area of the gyp stack. We have done and we'll continue to do extensive water testing around the site, and we do not expect that there will be any off-site impact. Second, phosphate production at New Wales has not been impacted, and we do not anticipate any impacts. And third, based on the work we completed so far, and the consent order reached with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, we are comfortable that the cost to repair the sinkhole will be manageable. Now to summarize our thoughts on the quarter and the business environment, agricultural commodity fundamentals, including fertilizer fundamentals, are improving; albeit slowly. And Mosaic is benefiting from those improvements. Just as important, our work to reduce costs is driving better results now. And we are going to maintain this focus as conditions improve so that we can outperform across the cycle. And we are maintaining our solid financial foundation, by managing our liquidity and capital spending carefully. Mosaic is performing well, and we remain in an excellent position to thrive as conditions continue to improve. Now, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Hi, thanks, and good morning. So, my first question would be on the leverage ratio, how does your current leverage ratio compare to your new target range? And then second, in your prepared remarks, you've been pretty strong defending the balance sheet, but with the lower cash balance and some CapEx spend still remaining, how does that tie together with the overall dividend strategy? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Andrew. So, I'm going to hand most of this over to Rich, but let me just re-emphasize. We do take a conservative view with respect to our balance sheet. But also, we don't take a one-quarter view with respect to any of this. And I want to highlight that while the operating cash flow was relatively low this quarter at $96 million, if you take it over two quarters, we were $679 million over two quarters, which is down only 14% from last year. So, while we do have capital still required, we're generating good cash flows, and of course, we will continue to assess how those two fit together. Rich, do you want to talk a little more about our CapEx?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and good morning, Andrew. First on the leverage ratio, the way that we currently look at it is we're adapting our balance sheet philosophy, our capital management philosophy to the current market environment. And if you go back and you look at history, this is really a vestige of the years after the cargo split off transaction. We first rolled out our capital management philosophy in 2013, and it hasn't meaningfully changed since that point in time. Where we're at right now, we're not changing our overall liquidity buffer. We're keeping that at $2.5 billion. We're simply changing the mix of that by upsizing our revolver from $1.5 billion to $2 billion. And as you noted, we're moving our target leverage ratio from 2 times to 2.5 times, and I think it's important to note that we take a look at that on a through-cycle basis. We're a cyclical industry, and there are going to be times where we're going to be over it, and there are times when we're going to be under it. And, I think it's all guided by the guide post of a strong investment-grade credit rating, and we believe that the ratios and the liquidity buffer that we have articulated will meet just that. And then, moving on to your second question on the dividend. Obviously, a topical issue in the environment that we're in right now, obviously, it's something that we continue to monitor very closely. As you've seen in our results, we've aggressively and proactivity reduced our spend, both in capital and in operating costs. Earlier this year, we indicated that the second half was going to be better than the first half, and we're starting to see that, particularly in the Potash business and also with the good results in our ID business this quarter. And with the $2.5 billion, we certainly have ample liquidity and we can use this for a short period of time, but it's not something that you would use for a long period to cover your dividends. So, what I would simply say, in summary, is that this is something that we're going to continue to watch. It will be dependent on where the market goes, and it's going to be dependent on the tradeoffs between capital, operating expenses, and cash available for dividends.
Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Please go ahead. 
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Jonas. I'm going to start here and I'll hand it over to Rich. But a great lead in for I think what is a great story, which is our MicroEssentials story. First of all, yes, we did increase capacity. If you'll remember, we spent $250 million to increase the capacity of MicroEssentials at our New Wales plant. That largely got completed at the end of the second quarter. So, it's only been a very short period of time we've had new capacity available. In North America, our shipments of MicroEssentials will be up, although the growth rate of MicroEssentials in North America are still fairly low or now slowing down. However, in Brazil, where we have what we believe to be a great market opportunity with our own distribution business and the acquisition of the ADM business, this year alone we've seen a 60% increase in MicroEssentials sales, and that's all due to higher availability. So, you know, with where we're sitting, I think this is a great story and one that will continue with the new capacity. And sorry, I think I might have said Rich's name, but I will hand it to Rick to give us a little more detail. Rick McLellan.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, good morning. I'll just add to what Joc said, the production that came on at New Wales allowed us to point extra tons towards Brazil in the third quarter. And so, our growth in MicroEssentials is really coming out of this new production, and is occurring in Q3 into Brazil, and Q4 in North America. And just a reflection of how we're changing, our MicroEssentials sales for the third quarter were a record ever for Mosaic. And up until now, we've been supply constrained. Now, we can go and look at those markets where we've been developing the market for this product.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: And just highlight as well, just before we leave that, I don't want to miss saying that the big benefit in Latin America is, we not only get the producer margin for the MicroEssentials, but we also take that distributor margin. So, it's a great market for that product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. And good morning, everyone. Question on your CapEx forecast going from $1.2 billion to $800 million. Could you just give us a sense of what's allowed it to come down so much? And is there any impact to your plans for K3?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Thanks, Vincent. Let me say, first of all, we prioritize our capital as we've always prioritized our capital, which is making sure we protect the integrity, both mechanically and structurally, of our plants; that our key strategic projects continue on pace. But beyond that, we assume that all of our capital is negotiable. And so, what have we done? We have reduced or eliminated any capital that we believe isn't in that critical group for now. Some of it has been deferred. Some of it has been eliminated. And in terms of K3, we absolutely are focused on maintaining the critical path of the K3 project, and we will be getting to the bottom of that in February, or a little later than February, and continuing that project on schedule. Next year, our focus is to have a capital allocation of between $800 million and $900 million, and then decreasing to $800 million after that. So, thank you.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: And, Vincent, this is Rich. Just one supplemental comment to Joc's review there. And that is, keep in mind, we have spent ample capital in prior years, and so the condition of our assets and the quality that we find our businesses in right now, are in great shape. And so, that does allow us some additional flexibility to time some of the spending in the years ahead of us.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Good add.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, thanks very much. I was listening to Rich's comments about the ammonia barges earlier on. I just wanted to clarify it somewhat. Does this mean you'll be taking ammonia from CF in mid-year 2017, rather than at the beginning of 2017?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Simple answer is yes. I'll leave it to Rich to give any color to that.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yes. Your assumption is correct, Jeff. I don't think there is any more color to it.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And...
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Just to add one thing, Jeff. We've made an agreement with CF to handle the delay, so we're taking tons from them, but in a different manner than through the barge.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Just to circle back to the CapEx question. Is it fair to assume that the $600 million target still has a decent amount of growth CapEx in it? And where would that growth CapEx tend to be focused post Esterhazy?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Sorry. Hi. Thanks, Mark. First, let me clarify. I heard you say $600 million, we're $800 million to $900 million.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: I'm sorry, $800 million.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, next year. And so, where is that focused? Let me just break it down. Our sustaining capital, which we were targeting in the $600 million range, we're now targeting in the, let's say, $450 million or $400 million to $500 million range, and the other $300 million to $400 million will be spent on growth capital. The first priority one is clearly Esterhazy K3. We have a few small projects that are coming to completion like the New Wales MicroEssentials plant, the barges and others. And then, we'll be focusing I guess early in the next decade probably on the new mines in Florida. But other than that, most of them are complete.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, how much of that $650 million of cash that you have is offshore, and therefore would be subject to tax if repatriated?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Steve, I'm going to hand that straight to Rich to give you the details for the cash positions.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, Steve, I don't have an exact number for you, but there is a portion of it that would be offshore and be subject to the minimal withholding taxes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Oliver Rowe - Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker): This is Oliver Rowe on for Ben. Could you please provide some color on the dynamic that you're seeing in the global rock market? We're beginning to see some pricing slippage in international markets that have been stable historically. And then, how does this play into your stripping margins, which we've seen falling for the last few years?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay, Oliver, I'm going to hand that straight to Mike. Mike keeps pretty close tabs on the global S&Ds for all of the, both potash but mostly and obviously the phosphate products. So, I think the phosphate rock market is something Mike keeps pretty close tabs on.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Sure. Good morning, Oliver. Yeah, you're correct that we've seen some slippage in phosphate rock prices. As you probably know, rock is transacted a little bit differently than the finished products, and that if you're running a plant that's not integrated and relies on rock you typically contract for a period of time. So, as fundamentals change, there is a lag in terms of when rock prices adjust. That said, we haven't seen a Draconian drop in rock prices. I think in terms of the structure of that market, rock prices have held up reasonably well in the current environment. With respect to how that plays into the stripping margin, our stripping margin is calculated based on a finished phosphate price DAP, less the cost of ammonia and sulfur. So, it doesn't come into play in terms of the stripping margin that you might see coming from us. And I think as we've indicated earlier, our actual rock costs have varied a little bit over time, but remain fairly constant in terms of trend costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe a question in potash in North America. Your volumes in the quarter were up pretty strongly, you've laid out an interesting outlook for producer inventories through early next year to be down maybe about a million tons year-over-year and 1Q 2017. Can you talk about your view on distributor inventory levels into early next year? And specifically, thinking about your shipment outlook for North America to be flat year-over-year, if you're actually seeing underlying consumption growth with the American farmer? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Adam. I'm going to leave this over to Rick, but let me start by saying, yes, in fact, we believe the distributor – or sorry, producer inventories are well down and going to continue to go down, due to curtailments, including our own Colonsay curtailment and good demand in North America. In terms of the distributor and channel inventories, the market has been such that nobody wants to have extra inventory in their system. So, I think that bodes well for people buying hand to mouth, which means there isn't a great build-up in that channel. But, I'll let Rick give that some color.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Joc. Good morning. Frankly, there's a couple of things happening. I think Joc's – between Joc and Mike's information, we've seen and we'll continue to see producer inventories draw down. In North America, we're shipping only to people that are buying right now. So, we aren't able to, because of our own inventory position, kind of fill the pipeline, like maybe in other years that we would have. And early indications coming from the farm is that at this type of price level, application rates are as good or better than we've seen in the last two years. Mike?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, I would just add maybe a little bit of a global perspective. We've seen global shipments come down the last two years by about 1.8 million tons per year, and that goes back to the big build of channel inventories worldwide in 2014. If you recall, from the charts that we've shown earlier, shipments in 2014 ballooned about 9.2 million tons. And it has taken a couple of years to work that down. And I think what's exciting, I think there's a very good and under-appreciated story in potash shaping up for 2017. We are finally going to see I think growth in global potash shipments next year to the tune of 2.5 million tons or so, due to the fact that we can't live off the pipeline anymore. And secondly, we've seen some very significant adjustments on the supply side, with North America alone about 2.25 million tons of capacity, get permanently closed. So, you add that all together, and I think the projected producer inventories that we're showing for North America are probably similar for most producers around the globe. So, bottom line is, I think there have been some very positive developments take place in the global potash market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi, good morning. I had two questions. So, first on Colonsay, I know you talked about making a decision whether you will keep Colonsay offline in 2017 or make it later. But can you give us a bit of insight into where you are right now and the puts and takes on that decision? And my second question would be, you guided to earlier this year that the issue at New Wales, the sinkhole, would cost maybe $20 million to $50 million over the next couple of years. I think you've spent $60 million in Q3. I don't know if there's some insurance or some accruals going on, but can you give a little color on that? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thanks, Joel. Well, let me touch on Colonsay first. So Colonsay, we shut down to ensure that we maintained our inventory position over this period of time to what I would say is low but manageable levels. As we go into 2017, we're frankly expecting a pretty good spring for all of the reasons that Mike Rahm has just explained. So, we're believing that it will probably be necessary for us to be starting up Colonsay in the early new year, as per the original expectations that we set. In terms of New Wales – and I'll let Rich – Rick talk a little bit more about Colonsay in a second, and the potash market in North America; but in terms of New Wales, yes, we certainly guided to, I think, $30 million to $50 million. And the difference between the upper end, the $50 million, and the $60 million was more testing and water treatment for a longer period of time than was originally anticipated. And just to be clear, I think this is a reserve. This is not an outflow at this stage. This is a reserve that will cover the cost over the next 14 months to 20 months. So, it's not a cost today. As per the original expectations, we expect that repairing the hole will take around the $30 million. Other treatment and whatnot around the plant will take the second $30 million. And Rick, do you want to talk about the potash market?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, Joc. Good morning, Joel. Just to add to Joc's comments about needing to bring back Colonsay early in the new year, as we look at global inventories in country, we're sitting in Brazil right now with their in-peak season, but there's a lot less inventory sitting in distributor hands there. We're seeing drawdowns in India, and the market is beginning to move a lot faster in China. So, we see those inventories in the distributor hands globally being drawn down; and for that purpose, we're going to need to make sure that we've got the inventory to make that happen.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: The other thing I just want to not let that comment about seasonality get missed. Our demand for this product is highest in those spring months, and we have to be positioned to meet our customers' needs. As we've always said, we're very disciplined. We will run to value, not volume; but when there is a market need, we will have the volume available for our customers. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you. You've seen the Chinese take off a few million tons of phosphate capacity this year, which has clearly helped offset some increases elsewhere, but you've also seen the remaining export FOB prices continue to decline, which has been reflected in lower central Asian prices. So, can you just comment on your expectations for the phosphate global cost curve over the next few years, given the high price Chinese capacity is now being offset by lower capacity in the Middle East and North Africa? And how should investors really kind of parse out these themes through 2018, 2019? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. I think this is easiest to just let straight over to Mike. I might add a bit at the end, but I think Mike Rahm can give us some thought on the...
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, Chris. It's a good question, and something that we're watching very carefully. As you saw from the statistics, if you look at year-to-date exports out of China, they're down 29% to 2.4 million tons. We think that is clearly on track for our projection for quite a while here, that we'd see about a 3 million ton drop. I think, just to kind of look at the big picture of phosphates, we see a very constructive longer-term outlook, but there are some uncertainties in the near-term. And I think one of those is how quickly we see restructuring take place in China. When you look at global phosphate shipments, they really have flattened a bit, and they've flattened due largely to declines that have taken place in China and India. And fortunately, all of those declines have been offset by gains in other parts of the world. But the fact that we've seen declines in China and India has really hit the Chinese industry very hard. And as a consequence, we've seen Asian prices in particular get hit. And as a result, I think that will accelerate the restructuring taking place. And with respect to the industry cost curve, as you know, the Chinese industry is a very heterogeneous industry. They are high-cost players that we think will get driven out. And as we've indicated, the Chinese make no bones about the fact that they too believe that restructuring is needed. And I guess the bottom line is when we look ahead, we see decent demand growth of 2%, 2.5% per year. And if you look at shipments of 65 million tons, 2% growth is 1.3 million tons per year. Over five years, it's 6.5 million tons, which is roughly equal to the additional capacity coming on in Morocco and Saudi Arabia. So, we think that that will happen. And in China, we would expect that there will be restructuring; and at the end of this decade, China will be operating a smaller, more efficient, and a bit more competitive industry. So, I guess a long-winded answer that we do see a very constructive long-term outlook for phosphate; and in the near term, a few adjustments that I think the market will go through to set itself up for a very good medium-term outlook.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Question for Rich. If you were to do a major acquisition, would you still want to retain your investment-grade rating, or would you be willing to go below that for a while? Or, said another way, if you did a major acquisition, would you have to issue equity to maintain that investment-grade rating?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Good morning, Don. We started out as a non-investment grade company in 2004 when we were formed. This industry just is not very conducive to be in that mode for any meaningful period of time. And that's one of the reasons why being investment grade is as important as it is to us. So, I think that's a pillar here, and I think you would expect that we would not – at least, as currently envisioned, want to slip below non-investment grade, even in the context of an acquisition.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: And any update on where you are in discussions with Vale?
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Well, that's something you see these in the news. We read the same things that you do in terms of these market rumors; but, as you know, we can't comment on anything that we do relative to M&A, and that has been our long-standing policy, and it remains the case today.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Let me highlight; however, though, that if we were to look at any acquisition, it is very situational. How we would use equity, how we would use debt, it's going to depend on how that affects our credit metrics, how affordable it is, how much cash flow the acquisition might bring, and the long-term returns to Mosaic. We always said that anything we do is going to be focused on adding long-term value to this company and their shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yonah Weisz from HSBC. Please go ahead.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch): Yes, hi, good afternoon. A question or two if I may. First of all, given the operational issues that you've had with the sinkhole and I think with the U.S. Department of Labor issue, would you not think that a bit more sustaining capital could be needed in 2017 to shore up these type of safety issues? And in addition, could you talk a bit about how you see taxes developing in 2017? What kind of tax rate you think you may be paying?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. I got to understand if I got the questions right. So first of all, the sinkhole is part of our capital and expenditures that we will spend in 2017. We go through a very detailed and comprehensive process to determine our capital needs; and in doing so, decide what we can do, balancing off our need for cash, the benefits of long-term sustaining capital, et cetera. So, all of those things come into play. The sinkhole, in terms of capital, will probably be about half of that $60 million will be capital, and so it's virtually not an issue from a capital perspective. I don't know what you're referring to in terms of Department of Labor, so I'm going to leave that. But recognize that the sinkhole itself, a natural event. These things do happen. It's very unfortunate. And our goal is to make it right. We take it very seriously, and we will make it as per before. We will treat the water, and we will spend the money that it requires to do a great job of that. That's our social commitment.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: And, Yonah, this is Rich. If you were referring to the RCRA settlement or matter that we had previously, that would be included in our forecasted capital. So, we wouldn't see any incremental capital beyond what you've heard earlier today. You asked a question about taxes in 2017. I think that taxes at least in the short-term with the lower level of profitability, because of just simply the lower pricing environment you have for phosphate and potash, you should expect that in 2017, a good proxy for our effective tax rate would be around 10%. And then as the cycle continues to turn, in 2018 and later, a normalized level for us would be approximately 20%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts from UBS. Please go ahead.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. How much of the margin improvement in International Distribution is timing effects? I assume what you're buying is going down faster than what you're selling.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I'm going to hand this over to Rich – or Rick, sorry. Now, clearly, as you sell down inventories at higher prices in a distribution business, you'll make some gains; but the underlying performance of the business is actually improving, and that's driving our earnings. Rick?
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, I think when we look at the margin tower that we get in our International Distribution businesses, it's driven by how we go about selling it. It's the logistics, and it's how we choose to operate our plants and our blending plants in each of the countries. So with better utilization and making use of how we move product into the country and how we move it out to the customer, we're able to increase margins. The biggest portion driving the margin increase is us being able to deliver a premium product like MicroEssentials in those marketplaces.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Anderson from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Vincent Anderson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to touch a high level on your marketing strategy for Ma'aden as that ramps. Are you thinking about maximizing netback on every ton, or targeting larger tenders, or given what we're seeing in the market over the next couple of years, walking that capacity out gently?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I'm going to hand that, again, back to Rick. But let me say, Ma'aden will come in and it offers two advantages to Mosaic that I want to emphasize. One is geographic diversity and the ability to reach our Asian markets at a beneficial freight cost. And the other is just its low, low position on the cost curve, which is a low, sustainable, bottom of the cost-curve position. So, we see that as an important addition to our portfolio of products. How we bring that to market will depend largely on how the market is developing at the time. And as Mike said earlier, we fully expect that this product will be needed as the Chinese industry is restructured. So, let me hand it over to Rick to talk a little more detail of the marketing strategy.
Richard N. McLellan - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, Joc, I think you've really cut to the big items. We've got existing sales books on and will have them. And from a Mosaic perspective, we're going to fit those tons into our existing sales book. And the beauty about having the tons coming out of Ma'aden, is frankly, will be the first multi-hemispheric phosphate producer. And we'll be able to move product to markets, which gives us significant advantage when we go to looking at where we might ship product out of against our sales book. The details of the Ma'aden marketing plant are still being developed, though.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Now, I'm going to hand it over to Rich Mack to make a couple of comments as well. He sits on the board of the joint venture and is intimately involved in the details.
Richard L. Mack - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. And I was just going to speak to timing. We've noted that the ammonia production has begun in Saudi Arabia, and that will continue to ramp up. But I think with respect to phosphate production, as we noted in the past, I think a good date is going to be the middle part of 2017. And this is not like when you are commissioning a brand new plant, you don't just turn on the spigot and have 3 million tons the next day. And so, it will be a ramp-up process, that will take likely several months before we would be anywhere near a full capacity rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning. I just wanted to see and dig in a little bit more onto India and your outlook for 2017. Do you see the change in the subsidy levels having a big impact next year? Or do you think it's more just a function that India has worked down their inventories that's driving the growth that you're forecasting for that market? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Thank you, Michael. I'm going to hand that straight to Mike Rahm again to talk about the India market.
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, Michael, I think there are several factors that underpin our optimistic outlook for India next year. One, I'm going to start with the rupee, that has remained relatively stable compared to the volatility of other currencies. Secondly, international P&K prices have come down; and as a consequence, that has – with current subsidy schemes, has translated into lower retail prices. That is underpinning good on-farm demand, which has resulted in – or is resulting in a pull-down of channel inventories, especially at kind of that retail level. As we go forward, I think there's a great opportunity for India to try to address the imbalance between nitrogen, phosphate, and potash use. And I think what they've done so far with the subsidy is conducive to trying to achieve a better balance. So, I wouldn't see any major change in that. I think given where international prices are headed, given a stable outlook for the rupee, there will be a subsidy in place that continues to encourage P&K consumption in India.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC. Please go ahead.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc.: Good morning, and thanks for taking my call. Joc, maybe you can comment about how you're thinking about the recent wave of consolidation in the ag, chem and fert sector. Do you think you need to be bigger to be competitive? And maybe, specifically, thinking about the potential Agrium/Potash merger, how does that change your operating environment?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah, thanks, Jacob. Look, in terms of consolidation, we have long said that there would likely be consolidation towards the bottom of the cycle. Having said that, bigger is not necessarily always better. I'm not referring directly to any of those. I think they have their own benefits and their own reasons for doing it. But for us, particularly, I don't think we need to be bigger to be competitive. I'm very comfortable in our competitive position. I'm very comfortable in our position and how we will compete with those bigger companies. And particularly the NewCo, or combined Agrium/Potash company. I feel comfortable we can compete with that. How does that affect our strategy? Look, I think our strategy has long been to serve our customers well, make sure we run for value, not volume, to make sure that we run for a long-term customer relationship that gives great service and product to our customers. I believe as long as we do that, we will do very well in any market. Okay, we have time for a couple more questions here, and then we'll have to go.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Please go ahead.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes, good morning. Joc, you mentioned bigger is not better. Your competitors are merging, and you are going to be smaller in relation to their size, but you also don't have the kind of cost-cutting opportunity that they will have. So, would you be willing to align with another, let's say, smaller distributor?
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: I think that's getting into a little too much detail to ask if we would align with a different distributor. We have a number of customers, all of whom are important to us. Including CPS, Agrium's retail arm, is an important customer. I don't believe the alignment of retailers with suppliers is necessary, or in this case. But, I want to go to your other comment about not having the cost-cutting potential. I think Mosaic has cut $575 million over time, or is committed to and close to completing a $575 million cost-cutting program, which I believe is industry-leading. We have seen fantastic changes in our cost structure. We've done great things with respect to our capital management. So, again, on a per-ton basis, we absolutely believe we have the same potential to cut our cost, and we believe we are as focused or more focused on cost than anybody else in this industry.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Brett Wong from Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks for fitting me in here at the end, guys. I appreciate it. Mike, just wanted to ask if you could talk about some other currencies in your outlook into 2017 impacting potash pricing, specifically Russia or China?
Dr. Michael R. Rahm - The Mosaic Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Brett. That's a good question. To some extent, we think the key potash currencies kind of follow oil. And I guess if you've got a view on oil, I think you have a view on some of the key currencies. If you look at what the Russian and Belarusian ruble have done since the first quarter of 2014, they collapsed about 55% through the first quarter of this year. With some improvement in oil prices, we've seen the Russian ruble appreciate a bit. And I think, looking ahead, I guess, we're not oil experts, but I think if you're trying to assess where that's going, having a view on oil is probably your best guide.
James C. O'Rourke - The Mosaic Co.: Okay. Thank you. So to conclude our call, I just want to reiterate a couple of our key messages. First, business conditions are improving, and have improved throughout the quarter as expected, and our outlook remains positive. Second, the actions we've taken to reduce our costs, to optimize our assets and lower our capital spending are clearly benefiting our bottom line. And third, our International Distribution business is exceeding expectations, primarily because of strong economics and our investments to grow in Brazil. Mosaic remains well situated to succeed through this low point in the business cycle, and to thrive as conditions continue to improve. So, thank you for joining our call, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial
Analysts: Carl Chen - Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker) Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Strategy and Market Analysis. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, during this call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures are in today's press release. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. Today, we're going to discuss two primary topics; the market environment and the actions we're taking to ensure Mosaic is competitive at all points in the cycle. Let's start with the markets. We thought it would be useful for you to hear directly from Dr. Mike Rahm, who leads Market and Strategic Analysis for Mosaic. Mike has been analyzing global agriculture and fertilizer markets for decades. So it's safe to say that he understands a wide range of market conditions. Mike.
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Thanks, Joc. Let me start by acknowledging the obvious. Industry phosphate and potash margins have declined significantly as evident in our earnings so far this year, as well as our third quarter guidance. The drivers of the downturn range from a collapse of key phosphate and potash currencies to the deferral of demand this year to elevated channel inventories to the startup or even the expectation of the startup of new capacity. Buyer sentiment remains cautious for several reasons, such as volatile crop prices and exchange rate uncertainties. But we do think the global supply and demand balance is not as far out of kilter as current prices indicate. More importantly, low prices are causing material adjustments on both the supply and demand side of the ledger. High cost production is moving offline and demand is accelerating, especially in key growth markets. On the demand side, prospects remain solid. In fact, we have not changed our P&K shipment guidance for 2016. We still project that global phosphate shipments will total 65 million tons to 66 million tons this year and global MLP shipments will total 59 million tons to 60 million tons, despite the long delays in settling contracts with Chinese and Indian buyers. Furthermore, we see a high likelihood of seasonal bunching of demand for both P&K in the second half of the year. Our first look at 2017 indicates that phosphate shipments are forecast to climb to 66 million tons to 68 million tons and global MLP shipments are projected to increase to 61 million tons to 63 million tons next year. Several economic and agronomic factors underpins constructive outlook. First, plant nutrients remain affordable despite lower and volatile crop prices. In fact, our affordability metric at the end of July indicated that plant nutrients were 21% more affordable than the average since 2010. It is worth noting that our affordability metric is calculated using only corn, soybean and wheat prices, and crop prices are not moving in lockstep. Corn, soybean and wheat prices have fallen, while other prices, including sugar, cotton and coffee have increased significantly this year. Second, shipment prospects are bolstered by the pull-down of channel inventory so far this year, especially throughout the Americas. Our sales team tells us that channel inventories are thin, heading into what is expected to be another very good fall application season in North America. In Brazil, the most recent statistics show that phosphate and potash inventories throughout the distribution channel shrunk nearly 600,000 tons and almost 200,000 tons, respectively, during the first half of this year. Third, Brazilian demand forecast just keep getting revised higher and higher, despite the chaotic political backdrop, a volatile exchange rate and tight farm credit. That is not a surprise given record-high local currency prices for soybeans, corn, sugar, cotton and coffee. Based on record first half shipments, our team now projects that total fertilizer shipments will top 32 million tons this year, up 10% from forecast just six months ago. Shipments this year could best the previous high mark of 32.2 million tons in 2014. Fourth, demand in India looks to be back on a solid growth trajectory. The monsoon is delivering above average rainfall across nearly all of the country for the first time in three years. In addition, the combination of lower international prices, modest cuts in subsidies and a relatively stable rupee has resulted in declines in retail DAP and MAP prices of roughly 15% and 30%, respectively, and sets the stage for strong P&K use. Demand prospects in other Latin American and Asian countries, such as Argentina and Pakistan, remain positive. Furthermore, significant demand is emerging from other regions, such as the former Soviet Union and Africa that are not necessarily on most radar screens. On the supply side of the ledger, several adjustments have occurred and more are underway today. In the case of phosphate, China has shuttered capacity as evidenced by the 1.5 million ton decline in DAP, MAP and TSP exports during the first half of this year. Restructuring of China's large phosphate sector is beginning to take place and plans outlined at the national phosphate and compound fertilizer industry association's annual conference in May called for the permanent closure of outdated facilities with capacity of 3 million tons of P2O5 or the equivalent of 6.5 million tons of DAP by the end of this decade. In the case of potash, large producers continue to optimize operations by idling or shutting down higher cost facilities and maximizing operating rates at lower cost facilities in order to compete with producers who have benefited from a collapse of their currencies. For example, all of the North American facilities that were at the right end of every estimate of the industry cost curve have closed. The closure of six North American mines has resulted in a net loss of 2.25 million tons of capacity. Finally, foreign exchange tailwinds are beginning to diminish for some producers. Currencies like the ruble are recovering along with the price of oil. Inflation, as expected, is picking up in these countries, and most importantly, P&K prices have come down significantly. In our view, the large drop in potash prices is more the result of the collapse that keep potash currencies rather than a surge of new capacity. This is an important part of our thesis that fundamentals are in better balance than current P&K prices would indicate. In summary, adjustments are taking place in response to low prices and margins. Demand is beginning to accelerate and high cost capacity is shutting down. As a result, we project relatively stable global phosphate and potash operating rates through the rest of this decade. While we're not wildly bullish, we see some positive developments that markets seem to be ignoring or discounting for now. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks for that insight, Mike. Clearly, the current environment is very challenging even with the strong global demand Mike described. While this weak part of the cycle has been more pronounced than we anticipated, we do understand commodity businesses are cyclical and that the troughs can be difficult. We also understand the imperative to navigate the troughs while enhancing our ability to outperform in better times. We are taking the necessary actions to do just that. We're conserving cash and protecting our balance sheet so that we can continue to meet our customers' needs and seek opportunities to drive future shareholder value. We've taken a number of steps to reduce costs. First, we're well on our way to achieving the five-year $500 million expense reduction goal we established almost three years ago. The cuts have been implemented across the business. Second, on our last earnings call, we told you that we are targeting an additional $75 million in savings in our support functions. With the actions we took in June, we are well on our way to achieving that goal. Third, we are continuing to optimize our assets, so that we can produce enough crop nutrients to meet our customers' demands while reducing our cost per ton. With the decision to idle our Colonsay Potash Mine for the remainder of 2016, we will be able to meet market demand with our lower-cost Belle Plaine and Esterhazy mines, as well as our existing potash inventory. And fourth, we're managing our capital carefully without starving our operations or risking employee safety. We are deferring or permanently eliminating capital spending when and where we can. All these decisions have reduced our costs. Our MOP cash production cost per ton came in this quarter at $98 per ton, which included $21 per ton of brine management costs. For the first half of 2016, our MOP cash costs came in at $93 per ton, which is $74 of direct production costs and $19 per ton of brine management costs. This was comparable to last year, despite a much lower operating rate. It is important to highlight that every big producer has its own cost curve, mine by mine, and you can see ours on this slide. When we run our Esterhazy and Belle Plaine mines at optimal rates, as we intend to do in the second half of 2016 with Colonsay down, we can achieve significantly lower costs. Esterhazy is capable of achieving direct production cash cost per ton close to $50 when we eliminate brine management costs in the mid-2020s. And Belle Plaine can produce at approximately $70 per ton. As a reminder, we look at our costs excluding brine expenses because brine management is largely a fixed cost. As you know, we have a plan to eliminate brine expenses over time. Our costs are also well controlled in phosphate, even with lower operating rates. So, we are making good progress, but we're not conserving cash just to weather the market storm. We are mindful that opportunities arise at the low points of the cycle and especially when the low point lasts longer than usual. Of course, we will maintain our strategic discipline as we consider potential opportunities. In total, yes, the business environment is challenging, but we believe in the bright future of this industry and of Mosaic. We are managing aggressively to ensure the company's competitiveness for now and for better markets. It is in times like this that management can make a real difference. Now, before we take your questions, I'll ask Rich Mack to provide a bit more detail on the quarter, as well as our guidance.
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Joc. I would like to reiterate the key points made by both Mike and Joc. No doubt, our markets are challenging right now, with prices failing to rise even with strong global demand. That said though, we do expect conditions to improve in the second half of the year. Mosaic has the ability to withstand challenging conditions longer, if necessary, and to thrive as market prices improve. As a reminder, Mosaic has a $2.5 billion liquidity buffer which remains untapped. So we continue to have ample financial flexibility even during this down part of the cycle. The notable items this quarter, which netted out to a negative $37 million or $0.09 a share, included $69 million in after-tax charges that reflect our deliberate focus on reducing spend and preserving cash. We recorded charges for severance, the write-down of the initial construction of a second ammonia barge and for our share of the decision not to pursue a Canpotex port project at Prince Rupert. Now, I'd like to provide a brief review of our results and our expectations for each segment. In Potash, our sales volumes for the second quarter were within our guidance range, which anticipated a lack of shipments to India and China. Prices fell further during the quarter, with Mosaic recording an average realized price of $178 per ton. With uncertainty in China and India now resolved, we expect that the pricing floor is now established, with the third quarter potash prices to be in the range of $160 per ton to $175 per ton, which reflects a heavier mix of lower-priced export sales. As Joc noted, the Colonsay shutdown will lead to a lower operating rate of around 65%. Notwithstanding Colonsay, however, we are maintaining our annual sales guidance of 7.5 million tons to 8.0 million tons of potash. In the second quarter, our Potash gross margin rate was 12%, and 20% excluding Canadian resource taxes. As you know, we have been relentlessly focused on costs, which has helped us maintain reasonable margins during the downturn. In the third quarter, we expect gross margin rate to decline as a result of lower prices and the impact of a lower operating rate. In Phosphates, second quarter sales volumes were well within our guidance ranges as global demand remained strong. Our average realized price came in at the low end of our guidance range while raw material costs also declined. The result was a gross margin rate of 10%, which was in line with our expectations. We expect the gross margin rate in Phosphates to stay around 10% in the third quarter with additional benefit from lower sulphur and ammonia costs, offsetting expected lower realized prices and higher phosphate rock costs. We plan to run our phosphate facilities at a relatively high operating rate in order to meet North American fall demand. Our guidance for third quarter Phosphate sales is 2.4 million tons to 2.7 million tons. In the International Distribution segment, as Mike noted, demand is strong in Brazil and India, and the agricultural situation in both of these key regions remains promising. Our margins in International Distribution continue to be muted by lower fertilizer prices. For the third quarter, we expect International Distribution sales to be in the range of 2.1 million tons to 2.4 million tons and a sequential improvement in profitability with the gross margin dollars per ton in the $15 to $20 range, which assumes a stable real. We have lowered again our full year SG&A guidance to be in the range of $330 million to $350 million, down from the initial guidance of $350 million to $370 million. Just as a reminder, SG&A at Mosaic was $394 million in 2013 prior to the CF and ADM acquisitions. We have also lowered our capital expenditures by an additional $50 million this quarter to a range of $750 million to $850 million, which is in addition to our investment in the Ma'aden joint venture, which was $220 million in 2016. Because of the lower expected earnings, we are revising our effective tax rate guidance to be around 10% for 2016. We have also lowered our expected full year brine management costs from $150 million to $170 million compared to our prior estimate of $160 million to $180 million. Finally, we expect Canadian resource taxes to range from $95 million to $110 million in 2016. To summarize, we continue to benefit from our strong financial foundation and we are pulling the necessary levers to ensure that we can compete across the cycle. We now have the long desired clarity on China and India potash needs. And along with strong global demand and supply adjustments, we believe potash prices have bottomed and we see potential for modest price increases in the second half of the year. In what we believe will be an improving environment, we will continue to assess the market and our respective balance sheet and capital management positions and we will adapt as necessary as the business environment evolves. With that, I'm going to turn the call back over to Joc to moderate our Q&A session.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Rich. Operator, please open the call for questions.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Carl Chen - Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker): Hi. This is Carl Chen stepping in for Ben. Thank you for taking my question. Joc, now that you have lowered your CapEx guidance for the past two quarters, is this largely a function of project ramp-up deferral or is there a cost savings baked in there as well? And how should we think about the K3 ramp-up schedule going forward?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Carl. Good morning. Let me start by describing how we think about CapEx in general. We prioritize all of our capital based on what is most critical to maintaining our operations and of course, what's critical to maintaining the safety of all of our employees. That we certainly will not compromise. What we have looked at is capital that we feel that we can defer with limited risk to operational continuity. It may incur slightly higher costs in terms of operating over a short-term. But we believe that the cash conservation is valuable. In terms of K3, our thinking has been ancillary equipment, any of those type costs, yes, we will consider. But we are being very cognizant that we want to maintain the critical path of the K3 project. So, on that basis, we're taking out costs we believe we can defer, but making sure we're not compromising the integrity of our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe a couple of questions on phosphate, if you don't mind. Maybe, first, in the quarter, and you alluded to in the third quarter as well, your rock costs have been higher. Maybe a little bit more clarity about the drivers there. Second, you deferred or you canceled the second ammonia barge related to the CF ammonia contract for next year. Can you talk about what volume capability that gives you under the terms of that agreement, if you can still take the full volumes, or if not, if there's any penalties associated with that? And then finally, on phosphate, just want to get your thoughts on India for the second half and confidence on DAP imports? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Adam. Let me just put these in some order here. Okay. Let me take them one at a time and I'll probably hand the India second quarter over to Rick [Rick McLellan] and Mike. But let me talk on rock costs. Clearly, on the long-term, we've been able to manage our rock costs extremely well in our Phosphate business. What's happening today is we've run into some, what I would call, short-term geology changes that have meant that the grade or the amount of ore that we're able to pull per ton of mining's decreased at our Four Corners Mine. It's one portion of the mine. We're talking about a decade-long reserves. And sometimes those are variable. Sometimes we hit areas where the rock quality is much higher than we expect, and other times we hit rock quality that's maybe lower than what we expect. We do expect it to be transitory. And on the long-term, we hold with our expectations of superior rock costs. In terms of the ammonia barge, yes, we certainly can move full volumes with one ammonia barge. We have a little less buffer, I guess, would be the way I would put it, and maybe five years or six years from now when we have to have some statutory shutdowns of those barges for repairs, there may be short periods of time where we'll have to come up with different plans. But overall, we believe we've managed the risk very well while still conserving as much cash as we can. Now, in terms of India's second half, I'm just going to hand that straight over to Mike and let him talk about that.
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Okay. Good morning, Adam. Yes, why don't I give you some numbers and, Rick, you can provide some color commentary here. Yes, in general, the outlook in India remains very positive. As you know, the monsoon is delivering above average rainfall. Retail prices for DAP are off about 15%. The rupee has been very stable compared to other currencies. And finally, importer margins, given all those parameters, are profitable. So, all the stars and moons are lined up to make import economics work. We're projecting about 5.6 million tons of imports this calendar year in India. First half of the year, they imported 1.8 million. That would leave about 3.8 million tons second half of the year that we think they need to import into the country. And so that's a big number. That's 500,000 tons more than what they did last year which was a very good second half for them. And on the comments here, we mentioned the bunching of demand in the second half of the year. I guess if you put the 3.8 million tons that India has to import alongside the 2.9 million tons we think Brazil needs to import, plus the prospects for a good North American season, we do believe that there will be some pretty strong seasonal pulls on shipments second half of the year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Thank you. Question on capital allocation, you talked about being positioned to buy assets at the bottom of the cycle. I know you've been looking at phosphate assets in Brazil. I guess the question would be, with the upcoming Ma'aden investment, why would you be looking to expand your phosphate production capability via acquisition, particularly given where your own shares are trading, which would seem to be at a lower multiple of replacement costs than an acquisition might be?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you, Don. Between Rich and I, we'll answer that question. Let me start by saying, we fundamentally believe that some of the best opportunities come at the low part of the cycle. So, we'll continue to look at those opportunities. However, we'll always continue to be prudent with how we manage our balance sheet and our investment-grade balance sheet in particular. We always look for opportunities that add long-term shareholder value. And I think we've said it before, each time we look at those, though, we measure those against the value of buying back our own shares and how that looks for the long-term. So, we'll always take into account our normal capital allocation requirements and priorities and then balance the opportunity against that and the long-term opportunity it gives us. Rich, do you want to add some color there?
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and hi, Don. The only thing that I would say is, if you go back and you take a look at the history of Mosaic and really even the formation of Mosaic, there are periods of time when there are very strategic assets that do become available for sale and compelling opportunities do arise. And so, that has been our history in a number of acquisitions likely to continue to be our history as we move forward. But I think, as Joc noted, anything that we do has got to have a very high strategic fit, and it goes through a very high bar in terms of an investment analysis. And so, certainly, one of the things that we would look at is the opportunity cost of not repurchasing our own shares.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I guess the last thing to leave this with is, fundamentally, we believe there's room for consolidation in both the Phosphates and the Potash industry, and we believe that there could be some real value-added by that consolidation. So, we're certainly not against consolidation and we think there could be some value-added.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I think in your quarter, your adjusted corporate gross margin was about negative $34 million. Why was that, in that it's much larger than what you had in the first quarter? Why is your tax rate going to 10% and why in the future is there no more Canadian resource tax guidance?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm going to hand that straight to Rich, because it's a fairly technical question. Did you...
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. I think I got it, Jeff. There's an elimination of profit in inventory in the corporate segment that really relates to the buildup of inventory in Brazil in anticipation of a large season coming up there. And then with respect to the Canadian resource taxes, the increase this quarter was generally related to a catch-up accrual of about $10 million. And also, you have to take into account where the production is occurring and what the profitability is on a mine-by-mine basis. And so with the shutdown of Colonsay and less production there, more production coming out of Esterhazy and Belle Plaine, in particular, leads to a slightly higher Canadian resource taxes this quarter, which I would expect to fall back to what I'll call more normal levels in Q3 and Q4. And just as a reminder, this year, year-to-date, Canadian resource taxes are just slightly more than, I'll say, $50 million compared to last year, where they were about $130 million to $140 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you very much. Can you just offer a little more commentary on your expectations for Phosphate margins as we head into the latter half of the – second half of 2016, and even into 2017 given the current trends you're seeing in ammonia, sulfur, some of the cost-cutting efforts you've made? But also your expectations for quarterly Phosphate op expenses, just any color would be appreciated. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, three questions if I understand it. Phosphate margins as we head into quarter three and quarter four, and then a look at 2017, is that correct, Chris?
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Sure. That's it generally. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And then operating expenses, of course.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I think it's probably best just to hand that straight to Rick and Mike to talk about how we're looking at this next quarter.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yes. I think Mike covered it in his prepared comments, talking about bunching of demand. And as we look at what we've faced so far for margins, we've seen impact from a strong U.S. dollar, deferred buying, and effectively some increased pipeline inventories at our customers' hands. Those have cleaned themselves out, so we expect good North American and South American demand. A good indicator of South American demand is the fact that our Distribution business took $300 million in prepayments from customers for all fertilizer products, which means that farmers there, it underpins the 32 million ton overall demand forecast that we talked about for Brazil. So, as we go through the quarter – through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we see margins improving as demand starts to bunch up in all of those markets; India, Brazil, Argentina and North America.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Mike, do you have any...
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: I guess the only thing I would add is, I think it may get interesting sort of from the middle of September to the middle of November as far as the seasonal bunching. And I think we're beginning to see evidence of a price uplift from demand finally coming to the market. Barge prices have increased. C&F price in Brazil has moved up here recently. And we know that raw material prices for sulfur in the third quarter have come down $5, ammonia prices at $2.70 for August, and we don't see much of a threat in terms of any uptick in those, and potentially more downside as well. So, put that all together and as we said, we're not wildly bullish, but we think that the combination of all of that is going to improve margins as we head into late third quarter and into the first part of fourth quarter.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me just sort of pull that together really quickly. Basically, what we're seeing is an increase in demand. So, we see a volume increase, which should lead to better costs in general because of the better usage of our assets. And then in terms of margins, we're probably – a minor ability to improve from sulfur and ammonia perspective. So, we see the costs being fairly flat to down because of a higher operating rate. And then in terms of going forward into 2017, again, we see this market as fairly well balanced. So, we think 2017 should be a fairly good year for our Phosphate business.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's helpful color. And just very quickly, just most producers that have reported, as well as some of your international peers, have increased North American potash shipments fairly significantly during the first half of the year. And it also looks like you just tweaked or cut your regional guidance on demand a bit. So, can you just comment on what you believe inventory levels are relative to the beginning of the second quarter, and then how you expect this to flow into the summer fill tons and eventually the fall, just any change there? And then also whether or not you've seen an increase in consignment tons. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I'm going to hand that back to Rick and Mike again to talk about our inventories and regional inventories.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yes. Good morning. I'll start with just saying, what our sales team has come back and reported is that after a very good spring, where buyers bought their last ton of both potash and phosphate, inventories, pipeline inventories in the hands of retailers and distributors in North America have been drawn down. And they're at lower levels than they were last year. We see continued movement in kind of a summer fill program happening right now and prices – uptake of those have been good in both P&K. And for ourselves, we have agreements with customers where we separate shipment from invoicing our FPD program. And frankly, we're seeing people step in and buy product that's in inventory right now as well as buy product that's coming to them. So, frankly, we see very good, solid position. Mike?
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Yes, in terms of the numbers, the North American potash market has been a pretty stable market for a long time, despite all of the cries and concerns about cutbacks in application rates. In 2015 calendar year, we think shipments were about 8.9 million tons. And we think this year they'll inch up a little bit to 9 million tons and then drop off back to about 8.9 million tons. But I think the important point there is when you look at imports, imports surged to, by our count, about 1.4 million metric tons in calendar year 2015. Those have come down. We think 2016 will end the year with 1 million tons and probably another reduction in 2017, largely because of the big price discount in North America that's just not as attractive to move tons into North America now. And there are better options with decent demand prospects in other parts of the world.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. You highlighted the strength of the Brazilian agricultural industry. So, can you comment on the credit environment and what type of access to capital Brazilian growers currently have for fertilizer purchases?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Sandy. Let me start by saying we are seeing a great deal of improvement in terms of access to capital. I'm going to hand that to Rick to talk a little more in detail about it. But in general, we're seeing, as you've heard already, we're seeing a really good start to the second half of the year in Brazil, including a record prepay. And that record prepay is a good indication of credit availability. Rick, do you want to just give a little more color there?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yes. I think that what we're seeing – no, I don't think. I know that what we're seeing there is at times when the grain market has been where it's at and the currency has been frankly where it's at today, those Brazilian farmers had stepped in because the cost of crop nutrients compared to the price of grain is probably at its best level that it's been in, in the last 12 years. And so, we're seeing farmers step up. Credit availability in a marketplace like Brazil that's still developing is always going to be an issue. But we don't see any constriction to what we're selling there from a credit availability standpoint.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'd just add, regardless of the conditions, they're getting the job done. Our first half shipments of all fertilizer products in Brazil were at a record level, 13.2 million metric tons, the largest amount of fertilizer that's ever been shipped in the first half of the year. So, as we said, despite the political chaos, exchange rate concerns, credit concerns, they're getting fertilizer to the farm.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Morning, guys.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jonas.
Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: A question on the cash generation. Your earnings is almost nothing, yet you generate as much cash as you did last year in this quarter. Can you comment on that?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. We can comment on that, for sure. And I'll hand it to Rich to really give it the detail. But I think, the biggest piece of that is what we've just mentioned. I think some number of $360 million worth of prepay into Brazil is a heck of a lot of cash coming in and really makes a big difference to how we're setting up for the second half of the year. Rich, do you want to go through the full details on that?
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, it's prepay which is a large percentage of it, Jonas. And then it is favorable working capital adjustments during the quarter. But you're right. It led to a very strong cash flow of nearly $600 million.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I don't want to miss taking credit for some of the costs that we've actually reduced and some of the expenditures we haven't made, which again has conserved cash through this period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citigroup. Your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you and good morning. Quickly, I have a question on potash and you were expecting potash volume growth of 4% next year, driven by inventory build. And my question is really on China, but can the inventory situation, or destocking, continue next year? I look at Chinese potash inventories and they're down from the peak, but they're still quite high at 2 million tons. And then Qinghai Salt Lake is also adding about 0.5 million ton capacity in 2016 and 2017. So, when you look at that, why do you think Chinese potash import will continue to grow?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, P.J., I'm going to hand a lot of this over to Mike Rahm, who does a heck of a lot of work on the world S&D for potash, obviously. But we do see a rundown of Chinese inventory over this year. We continue to see more product go to the actual ground, which is – what gets shipped is one thing. What actually gets used to produce crops is really what matters in the long-term. So, we do see China's need for potash fertilizer in particular continuing to grow, and they will have to supply that in the years to come as they have in the years past. But with that, I'm going to hand it to Mike to talk about the details of the S&D.
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Okay. Good morning, P.J. Yes, China, as you know, is a big complicated country. And frankly, I think there's something going on there in terms of potash consumption. I think all the numbers would suggest that maybe potash consumption is a little bit better than everyone is giving China credit for. Just to review some of the numbers, China imported a record 9.4 million tons last year. We think they've produced about 6.6 million tons and shipments, probably in that 16 million ton range. So, there's a little bit of an inventory build last year. We think that's getting pulled down. Our shipment number this year is 12.9 million tons. We think it'll increase to 13.9 million tons next year. So, imports, we think imports this year probably will be in that 8 million ton range, so down from last year, and it probably stays in that range in 2017. The other factor, you mentioned Qinghai Salt Lake, our team in Beijing believes that production has dropped this year, probably closer to 6 million tons to 6.2 million tons. So, while there's some additional capacity coming on, I think there's been some adjustment in terms of domestic production in response to the current price environment as well. But I think the bottom line is we don't have a record shipment number factored in for China next year. And we think the imports are going to be relatively stable at about 8 million tons.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And let me just talk a little bit about the port inventories, which I think you mentioned at 2 million tons. I believe our last number was about 1.8 million tons. But remember, 1 million tons of that is in bonded warehouses, which will now get turned into sales fairly quickly. So, the actual port inventory of non-bonded warehouses isn't as high as all that. And the other thing you have to consider in China is upcountry inventory, which I think can play a big, big role in this. And what we're hearing from both our own distribution team and from Canpotex is those upcountry inventories are certainly being depleted now. So, thanks, P.J.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. When would you make a decision whether Colonsay would be ramped back up for 2017? What would be the factors around it? It seems like, considering some of the different things going on in the industry, the Rocanville proving run, the legacy ramp, your demand projection, you might not need the Colonsay tons for some time. And a second question as well which would be, you did not lower your dividend like one of your Canpotex partners did last week. You're running maybe around 200% payout ratio right now. What would have to happen for you to revise your dividend? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Joel, thank you for those questions. First, Colonsay, I mean, Colonsay's decision is clearly how do we meet our customer needs while optimizing our overall cost and cash output. So, we'll have to make another decision on Colonsay towards the end of the year. Our expectation at this stage is we will bring it up in January as per what we've previously announced. I mean, really the deciding factor there will be how much we think we'll need for our spring season and how well-positioned we are at the end of the year for that spring season. But at this stage, we're expecting we will bring up Colonsay in January. In terms of the dividend, look, at this point, we don't plan to cut our dividend as you've said. We see the fundamentals improving in the second half of the year which mitigates the need for a dividend cut. Now, if the markets don't improve or if they deteriorate, we may have to revisit the affordability of our dividend. However, just let me point out in the first half of the year, we generated sufficient cash to cover all of our commitments including capital and our dividend. So, our $1 billion of cash is still intact and our $2.5 billion liquidity buffer is still intact. So, we don't see an impending need to review our dividend at this stage. We leave that open that we may in the future. And, Rich, do you want to just add anything to that?
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes, I would just say, Joel, that obviously it's something that we closely monitor and we'll continue to closely monitor in the future, Joc noted. And we have a conservative liquidity buffer of $2.5 billion. Interestingly enough, we've never really dipped into the liquidity buffer in our history, and we've got over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And at the same time, we're reducing our cash spend. So, we're lowering our capital, we're reducing our SG&A. We're maximizing working capital as much as we possibly can. And so this is something that we'll continue to review, obviously with the mindset of maintaining a solid investment-grade credit rating going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Could you remind us on some of your CapEx requirements? How much is left for Esterhazy K3 and what's the timing and CapEx requirements for phosphate mine development? I don't think we've had an update on that in a while. And then just on your targeted leverage ratios and what that level currently is? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So, first of all, CapEx. We are in the process today of looking at all of the opportunities and possibilities around a new phosphate mine. I think our latest says that we will need to have that in place by, I think, the 2023 type timeframe. So, certainly, we're in the planning phase now. I'm trying to go back to our last Investor Day, where I believe we said the cost of that would be circa $600 million now that we're expanding South Pasture Mine rather than building a brand new Ona Mine. In terms of the capital requirements left for K3, we are largely finished the shaft sinking on K3. Our incremental cost going forward, not including what we save in taxes because of the write-downs of capital, would be in the range of $600 million. And those are for mine development, infrastructure and conveyor ways between K3, K1 and K2. In terms of our leverage targets, I'm going to hand that straight over to Rich to give the details.
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. Andrew, our leverage targets, as stated, are roughly between 1.5 times and two times. But keep in mind that that is kind of a through-cycle target. And so, at any given point, you're going to have a spot leverage ratio that may be higher or lower than that. And so, we look at it on a through-cycle basis. Right now, we're slightly higher than the upper end of that range, but when you take a look at it as a rating agency would look at it over, call it, a three-year to five-year period of time, we're comfortable with where we're at right now, and obviously we're at the bottom end of the cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you. Just following on the K3 comments, does the goal of cutting CapEx influence how you're thinking about that transition or managing it? Are you looking to speed it up or slow it down, or is that still up in the air? And then the second question, do you anticipate spending more on the Brazil distribution build-out near-term? I just wonder if you could give us an update there and let us know whether you're still seeking to expand?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Mark. Thank you. So, first of all, let's talk about K3 and then move on to Brazil. What we've said today is we will continue on the critical path of K3. So, the big thing right now is finishing the shaft sinking, build the loading pockets, build the infrastructure, so that we can start mining at K3. How fast we ramp that up greatly depends on market conditions and what the needs are for product at that stage. So, that I think is going to come in a couple of years when we really know what's going on there. But in general, I would say if times are tougher, it would push you more towards moving from K1 and K2 to K3 earlier to reduce the brine inflow costs. But I think that decision is a ways out. In terms of Brazil distribution, we believe our footprint right now is pretty strong in Brazil. We like where we stand. Over the longer-term, we can see ourselves expanding into the Northwest into areas of Mato Grosso and towards the northern region, towards Amazonia. But in the near-term, the only expansion plans that we will consider is if we need to expand our port capacity at Paranaguá, which we may feel we need for good logistics.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez from UBS. Your line is open.
Edlain Rodriguez - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just one quick question. Before you've talked about the potential for potash prices to move higher in the near-term, so, like how does the softness in crop prices play a role in farmers' reluctance to either pay up or not, especially in the U.S.?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Edlain. Let me start by just highlighting that, certainly, lower crop prices does impact at least the psychology of fertilizer. Having said that, fertilizer's very affordable to the farmer right now. Our fertilizer to crop price ratio is probably as good as it's been in a long, long time. But recognize that the impact – the soft crops prices are driven by higher yields. And those higher yields means higher fertilizer removed from the soil. And so, that in itself tends to drive higher demand. The other thing I want to highlight on that is we talk about soft crop prices, we normally are talking about corn. If corn acres goes down in the U.S. for instance, they'll probably be replaced by soybean acres and so likely for us, there won't be that big an impact. And also remember, only 30% of fertilizers are used on the corn, wheat, bean complex. The rest is crops like sugar, coffee, which are doing very well. So, with that, Mike, did you want to add anything to that?
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Yes. I think that's a good question, and certainly a concern that we have and monitor. I think one of the things, we had a very good run in prices in June and our intelligence tells us that farmers sold pretty heavily into that, as well as probably forward priced some of their 2016 crop. So, I don't think you want to focus too much on current spot prices. Clearly, there's a big crop that's coming in shortly and that's impacting prices now, but there's still a fair amount of uncertainty about what happens in the Southern Hemisphere, particularly with the expectation of a La Niña event and the negative consequences that typically has towards Southern Hemisphere harvest. So, if you look at the 2017 new crop prices, they're still at levels that we think underpin decent demand. And as Joc said, we're very much corn, soybean, wheat-focused and the 30% number Joc referred to is that 30% of the potash worldwide is applied to those three crops. For phosphate, it's about 40%. So, the fact that you're seeing dramatic increases in sugar prices, cotton prices, coffee prices, fruits and vegetables, those are the ones that are going to, I think, provide a very good demand base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. A question on Brazil for 2017 for potash and phosphate volume, how much do you expect it to increase if you expect it to increase at all next year? And are you assuming that the current very attractive soft commodity prices there in local currency stay intact for next year?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Vincent. I'm going to hand a lot of this over to Rick. But let me start by saying, we expect to see the growth of agricultural output and as such, the use of fertilizers to grow at about a 5% per year in Brazil over the next number of years. So, we expect that to continue. And in terms of the softness and the underlying prices, most of the projections show a continued weak real or even a weakening real, which all bodes very well for the economics of farming in Brazil. So, we expect 2017 to be another good year. I don't have the exact numbers. Mike can give you those. But in terms of ongoing growth, we expect 5% a year for the next number of years. Mike, do you want to give the specifics there?
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Yes. Good morning, Vincent. Yes. We see the demand continuing to grow in Brazil. We're projecting potash shipments of about 9.1 million tons this year, increasing to 9.4 million tons next year, and of that, imports going from 8.5 million tons this year to 9 million tons next year. So, very good demand prospects there. We see the real probably remaining fairly stable. And yet the local currency prices of the key crops in Brazil remaining attractive and causing more acreage and decent input usage. In the case of phosphate and in terms of import demand, we think imports of DAP, MAP, NPS and TSP will go from about 5.2 million tons this year to 5.6 million tons next year. And so, yes, there's nothing at this point that we see that sort of derails the growth trajectory that we're seeing in Brazil. I don't know, Rick, do you have any comments?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: The only thing – I'd go back to something that Joc mentioned, and it's really around farmer economics. At today's grain prices, despite them softening and the currency where it is, returns for this crop that will be planted and harvested – planted this fall and harvested in January, February, are very, very good. And the prospects for the 2017-2018 crop are just the same. So, that really underpins demand. Farmers needing the product to get the yields that they need, plus having good, solid economics.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we only have time for one last question and then close this call. So, Yonah, I think it's Yonah that's up next.
Operator: Yonah Weisz, your line is open.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch): Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. I guess, perhaps, talking, you mentioned about Brazil and the improving environment there, which has really occurred for the most part of this year. I'm just wondering why you don't think there's been more leverage on that in actual potash pricing, even though demand appears to be fairly healthy? On the same note, if you talk about bunching of demand into 2H 2016, why is your phosphate price or DAP price range at the top of its range flat with current pricing and actually shows a potential for a drop in 10% to $310 per ton?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Yonah. So, we'll hit these one at a time. First of all, Brazil, I think we are seeing some potash improvements in terms of near-term pricing in Brazil. There's been some $10, $20 up in the last couple of weeks. And we expect that to continue as we get closer to their main planting season. I'll let Rick and Mike just talk about that quickly. And the next question is, why is pricing flat despite the bunching? I mean, we would hope for an improvement in both margin and pricing in the second half. But we need to see the demand first and then the price will follow.
Mike Rahm - Vice President of Market and Strategic Analysis: Yes, Yonah, good morning. We said there's some bunching in the second half. We think that the impact on price probably doesn't show up in spades until probably the – maybe the second half of September. I talked about things probably getting interesting from the second half of September through the first half of November. And that's when peak demand is going to be hitting in terms of shipments into the big markets, whether it's India, Brazil, North America. And so, I think that's reflected in our third quarter price projections.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: The only thing I can add, in Brazil, you've seen for the first half of the year deferred buying. In the second half, they can't defer it anymore. Inventories are used up. And so, that's where we see some price momentum in Brazil both for P&K.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, to conclude our call, I just want to reinforce our key points. The business environment remains tough, but we see signs of stability and improvement. We expect strong global demand and modest improving prices in the second half of the year. At Mosaic, we're taking the necessary actions to withstand the current environment and thrive when the markets do improve. We're conserving cash by cutting our costs and our capital spending. We are continually looking for opportunities to create shareholder value now and into the years ahead. So, thank you very much for joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market & Strategic Analysis Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial
Analysts: Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc. Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker) Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. And welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, during the call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP measures are included in the presentation slides and in today's press release. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Joc.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Thank you for joining our call. Today, we're going to focus on the actions Mosaic is taking so that we can continue to successfully navigate in this market environment. The key concepts we want you to understand are: first, Mosaic's operational flexibility and solid balance sheet give us significant competitive advantages in a prolonged period of softer markets; second, we expect global demand for our products to be healthy, particularly in the second half of the year; and third, this management team has been through a number of cycles, and we have the experience and discipline to position Mosaic for success across the cycle. I know that most of you understand the headwinds that we have been facing, so I won't spend a lot of time belaboring the business environment. Suffice it to say, while the market environment has been challenging for crop nutrients in recent months, we fully understand and accept the cyclicality of our business, and know, from prior history, that this cycle, too, will turn for the better. It's our responsibility to be well-positioned when this happens and to take advantage of opportunities the cycles present. Grain and oilseed prices have stabilized, with the upward trend in recent weeks. In fact, both corn and soybean prices are higher today than they were 12 months ago. El Niño-related weather conditions around the world are creating concern for the current crop, which is driving a rally in soybean prices and firming corn prices. These improvements, along with expectations that U.S. farmers will plant a big crop, underpin our strong fertilizer demand outlook for the remainder of the year, yet fertilizer prices remain low with our average realized prices for potash and phosphates coming in at $207 and $355 per tonne, respectively, in the first quarter. Our realized potash prices have fallen by over $80 per tonne compared with a year ago. Several factors continue to impact fertilizer prices, including: the strong U.S. dollar, especially against key currencies in potash producing countries; ample channel inventories; declining farm incomes; lower raw material costs; perception of oversupply in potash; and deferred purchasing behavior while the market awaits the bellwether potash contact with China. Demand has been slower to materialize than we anticipated. A short period of warm dry weather in Corn Belt in March created an expectation for an early spring, which just did not materialized as we progressed through the quarter. These conditions, taken together, led to a challenging start to the year, as we expected. Mosaic earned $257 million, or $0.73 per share, on revenue of $1.7 billion in our first quarter. Adjusted earnings per share totaled $0.14. In the Potash business, we generated $86 million in operating earnings and reported a gross margin rate of 30%, excluding resource taxes. Our Phosphate operating earnings were $18 million, with a gross margin rate of 7%. Phosphate margins were impacted by a smaller in-season rebound in prices than we expected and the timing of raw material costs, which Rich will address in more detail shortly. We continue to expect a strong second half, with improving global demand for the remainder of 2016. North American spring application is in full swing, and we're seeing good indications from other key regions. Demand is high in Brazil, despite the political and economic turmoil. Similarly, in India, a good monsoon season and a constructive nutrient subsidy resolution, including unchanged potash subsidies despite lower market prices are driving strong khareef application. Our outlook for the remainder of the year includes rising demand and respectable shipment volumes, as well as traditional seasonal pricing behavior. The recent run-up in agricultural commodity prices, combined with current nutrient prices, make our products very affordable. In fact, crop nutrients are more affordable today than they have been during the last five years. This gives us confidence in the second half outlook. Now, let's discuss the affirmative steps we're taking to effectively manage our business and the levers that remain available. First, we are benefiting from our work to reduce expenses. Mosaic, today, is a low-cost producer and we are building on this competitive advantage. Two years ago, we announced a plan to obtain $500 million in cost savings. We are on track to achieve that goal, and we are working now to cut costs further. With the current softness in the industry, we plan to reduce support function expenses by an additional $75 million per year, and expect most of the benefit to be realized in 2017. We are actively working on our plans in this area and intend to provide additional information and insights during our next earnings call. We also plan to reduce our capital expenditures for 2016. During our last call, we provided capital guidance of $900 million to $1.1 billion. We are reducing our 2016 guidance to $800 million to $900 million. This reduction will not compromise employee safety or critical sustaining capital needs, but we are deferring or eliminating capital spending where we can. In addition, we plan to continue our work to optimize our asset portfolio. We've made important progress over the last few years, including the sale of Hersey and the shutdown of MOP production at Carlsbad. We have exited underperforming businesses, regions, and assets. And we have curtained production when the markets softened. We will continue to manage our asset base to match supply with global demand environment. This is an area where we will provide more detail, along with cost saving and medium-term capital spending, later this year. At the same time, we are not just battening down the hatches. We are also looking for opportunities to invest, and we will continue to drive a culture of innovation so that Mosaic with continue to lead the industry across all cycles. With that, I will ask Rich Mack to provide insight into our results for the quarter, as well as our guidance for the second quarter. Rich?
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Joc. I'd like to reiterate Joc's key points. Mosaic is committed to maintaining a solid balance sheet because we understand the cyclicality of this business. We do have the ability to withstand difficult market conditions, seek opportunities and emerge strong and ready to outperform in better markets. And make no mistake. Better market will materialize at some point. So, today, I'd like to begin by providing an overview of our results in each segment. In Potash, our shipment volumes came in at the low end of our expectations. We shipped just over 1.5 million tonnes of potash, with demand in North America hampered by weather and cautious purchasing behavior by our customers. Potash prices drifted lower during the quarter, pressured by the seasonally-slow demand, the lack of a China contract, and additional product available in North America. In light of the market dynamics, our Potash gross margin rate of 30%, excluding resource taxes, was respectable. And it demonstrated our significant progress on cost control. We have made the difficult, but necessary, decisions to stop higher-cost production and curtail production elsewhere, and we have reduced spending across the business unit. Our operating rate in Potash was 77%, which was within our guidance range. We are continuing to manage our production to meet customer needs and global demand. With the spring planting season finally in full swing in North America, demand is emerging. We expect global demand to surge when producers reach contracts with Chinese customers, which we expect to occur in the second quarter. Once that contract price has been set, we should see pent-up demand from other regions around the world, most notably India. As a result, we now expect our global shipments for the year to be in the range of 7.5 million to 8.0 million tonnes, with more of those sales occurring in the second half of the year. In fact, our Q2 volume guidance assumes minimal shipments to China and India. We expect prices to remain range-bound, primarily due to the effects of the strong dollar and available global supply. We anticipate average realized prices in the second quarter will be in the range of $180 to $200 per tonne. Prices will continue to put pressure on margins. And our expectation for the second quarter is for the Potash gross margin rate to be in the mid-to-high teens, excluding resource taxes. A sequential decline in realized prices, the negative impact of reduced operating rates, and a $50 reduction in average realized K-Mag prices are the main drivers of reduced segment profitability. In the Phosphate segment, shipment volumes came in at the high end of our guidance at 2.2 million tonnes. Demand was good in Brazil and North America, while demand began to develop in India toward the end of the quarter. Market prices increased $40 per tonne in the first quarter, but we did not see quite the magnitude of improvements we expected, mostly due to the timing of North America planting and an increase in competition from imported product. Lower finished phosphate prices, as well as the timing of raw material pricing, caused our Phosphate gross margin rate to fall below our expectations. We regularly discuss the impact of raw materials on our margin in Phosphates, so I'd like to explain that in a bit more detail now. There is a time lag between purchasing raw materials and selling finished phosphates. It generally takes three to four months for raw materials to move through the finished goods inventory and cost of goods sold and to be recognized in our financials. Recently, finished phosphate prices declined faster than raw materials, leading us to sell higher cost inventory at lower prices, which put pressure on margins. While raw material prices are more stable today and sales volumes are picking up, phosphate prices are under pressure as Brazilians wait out the impact of the recently-strengthened real, while Indian importers are slow to purchase as they draw down inventories. As a result, margins in the second quarter will remain around 10%. We do expect both Brazil and India to import sizable volumes later in the year and also anticipate Phosphate gross margins to return to the high teens in the second half of 2016, where we will see the full benefits of the lower ammonia and sulfur prices. For the second quarter, we expect Phosphate volumes to be in a range of 2.3 million to 2.6 million tonnes, with a sequential increase driven by rising seasonal demand. The year-over-year decline reflects our decision not to participate in certain geographies, most recently, for example, India and, to some extent, Brazil, where current offers, in our view, do not reflect favorable economics and ignore current global supply and demand dynamics. Our full-year volume expectations are now in the range of 9.0 million to 9.75 million tonnes, with the decline driven by a slower start to 2016. In the International Distribution segment, volumes were slightly higher than expected. We experienced good demand in India and improving demand Brazil, where access to farm credit began to improve last quarter. The economic and political situation in Brazil remains volatile, to say the least, and it is challenging to precisely forecast how it will affect farmers and farm credit in the months ahead. We are seeing evidence that farmers in Brazil are continuing to plan for big crops, which bodes well for fertilizer demand. We do not expect a meaningful improvement in International Distribution profitability in the second quarter. In fact, our volume guidance reflects a decision not to pursue market share at these lower margins. The recent run-up in soybean prices, however, should help improve the profitability of our Distribution business later in the year. Overall, we expect business conditions to improve in the second half of 2016. The three main drivers for this uptick include: one, as we've said, we expect global demand for potash and phosphate to accelerate in the second half. In fact, we continue to expect global shipments to be near all-time records. Two, as a result of these strong volumes, we expect to see higher operating rates driving lower costs in both our Potash and Phosphate businesses. And three, we expect the competitive environment to level out as the robust U.S. dollar tapers in value compared to other currencies. For example, we've already seen the Brazilian real and the Russian ruble correct to a certain degree, and macroeconomic indicators suggest that further strengthening of those key currencies is not out of the question. Of course, that also means higher dollar-denominated operating cost for us in Canada, but we believe we are well-hedged against short-term Canadian dollar fluctuations. So, as Joc noted, in the current environment, Mosaic is focused on optimizing cash flow by influencing key levers which we have a meaningful degree of control over. This includes: reducing, or altogether eliminating, capital spending; finding ways to further materially reduce operating and support function costs; optimizing Mosaic's portfolio of assets; driving working capital efficiency; and lastly, managing balance sheet targets relative to current liquidity requirements, such as investments and our dividend. So, let's start with capital. As Joc noted, we intend to reduce capital expenditures further this year by deferring, eliminating and reprioritizing investments. We expect CapEx to range from $800 million to $900 million, plus approximately $220 million for the Ma'aden project, which is down significant from where we were projecting three months ago. On a normalized basis, Mosaic will spend roughly $500 million to $550 million in sustaining capital projects. In some years, this number may be higher, while in more challenging years, we will spend less. In addition to typical sustaining capital, today, we have three distinct projects that increase our CapEx requirements to the revised range that I highlighted above. These projects include Esterhazy K3, the Ma'aden joint venture, and Mosaic's next-generation phosphate mine in Florida. Our Ma'aden spending will be concluded in 2017, and we will be allocating some capital for both K3 and the new phosphate mine for the next several years until completed; having said that, however, you should know that we are also evaluating further opportunities to reduce capital spending on the last two projects, as well as additional asset optimization scenarios across our entire organization. To reiterate Joc's points regarding expenses, we are moving quickly and aggressively to reduce support function costs. We are targeting an annual run rate savings of $75 million, the majority of which should be captured in calendar year 2017. A portion will also be realized in 2016, which is, in part, driving a reduction in full-year SG&A expenses, now expected to be in the range of $340 million to $360 million, down from $350 million to $370 million provided earlier in the year. We expect to have more detail on these initiatives on our second quarter earnings call. Our balance sheet remains a source of strength and resilience. Our strong liquidity buffer of $2.5 billion exists for us to use when necessary for protection in difficult parts of the cycle. Our balance sheet strength also allows us to remain committed to our dividend in today's market environment. So, to summarize, we have built Mosaic, its operations, its talent base and its financial foundation to succeed across cycles in a business that we know to be cyclical. We are taking the actions necessary to adapt to this environment and to ensure Mosaic remains in a strong position, regardless of the market environment. We will continue to actively assess and manage our balance sheet and we will adapt, as necessary, should the down part of the cycle be longer or more pronounced than expected. Now, I will turn the call back over to Joc for his concluding remarks.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Rich. At Mosaic, we are focused on what we can control. And we are executing during what we view to be the bottom of the cycle. We are reducing operating and capital spending, optimizing our portfolio, and using our balance sheet strength to ensure our resilience now and into the better price environment that we are sure will come. We are not losing sight of the long term. We are executing all the good strategic moves we've made since 2013, driving innovation across the company and looking for opportunities to take advantage of our relative strength. The long term remains compelling for agriculture, crop nutrient and for Mosaic. Demand for our products continues to rise with the population and its never-ending demand for food. We intend to meet that demand by managing this company prudently, regardless of the market environment. Many of Mosaic's leadership team have lived through four or more agricultural commodity cycles, spanning back to the mid-1980s. We have the experience to manage through this cyclicality and to recognize the opportunities that it presents. Now, we will take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets.
Andrew Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: So, I just wanted to touch on the Phosphate margin guidance. It's a bit better quarter-over-quarter, which is good. I guess that's some of the input cost savings. But I think it's fair to say that it remains quite weak. So, in the presentation and in your prepared comments, you've mentioned that the Phosphate gross margin will go up to 15% to 20% in the second half of this year. Can you just talk about how much of that improvement will be driven by price versus benefit from lower input costs? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Andrew. Yeah. Let me start; Joc O'Rourke here. Let me start by saying, certainly, we do expect some price increases in the second half, as demand really takes off around the globe. And I think to really put the phosphate market into its best perspective, I'm going to let Mike just talk about what he expects for global demand towards the second half, which is really what's going to drive our second half results in Phosphate. Mike?
Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market & Strategic Analysis: All right, thanks, Joc, and good morning, Andrew. Yeah. We have not changed our view on phosphate demand. We actually nudged up our point estimate for global shipments to about 65.6 million tonnes, and we narrowed our range from 65 million to 67 million to 65 million to 66 million. If you look around the globe at some of the key markets, several positive developments there. In the case of India, I think there's a growing optimism, as far as demand prospects due to a forecast for an above-normal monsoon. You've had some strengthening of the rupee. And we have a very workable subsidy scheme that was introduced at the beginning of their fiscal year. When you look at a country like Brazil, local currency prices of key commodities like oils, like soybeans, sugar, coffee, are at near all-time highs. We think that underpins very good demand. You look at the fact that there's been an early release of more credit. So, farmers have greater flexibility. The product is moving to the farm, so a lot of positive developments that make us optimistic for second half demand.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, what that means, Andrew, in terms of margin, is, yes, we expect some price improvement. We certainly expect the raw material inputs will benefit from that as they fall through our products. And just as importantly, you've seen our operating costs that we've really have worked hard to reduce and as operating rates go back to more normal rates as this demand picks up, our costs will further decline. So, we expect to see, as we said earlier, pretty normal margin rates in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Joc, I'm wondering if you have a view on whether or not Canpotex should consider shipping into Europe at all, just given there's European assets starting up in Canada and there's been an increase of imports into the U.S. over the past couple of years.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I guess, at this stage, as you're aware, Canpotex – sorry, Vincent, welcome. At this stage, as you're aware, Canpotex doesn't ship a lot into Europe, although we do ship into Europe. I guess probably today, our disadvantage from a freight perspective probably makes Europe a less attractive market. And if you think about the markets as what goes to one place offsets somewhere else, we're focusing on the areas where we can compete the best. I'm going to let Rick just give a little more color, if he likes, to that.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah, good morning, Vincent. Canpotex ships into Europe today mostly to industrial accounts that need white potash, and that ends up being a very good market. And I think Joc hit it. When we look at the freight grid, we're much better off going to other markets than we are going into Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jacob Bout with CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc.: Good morning. So, I think in your preamble there, you were talking or hinting about further asset rationalization in the Potash division. And just wanted to get your thoughts on how you're thinking about K3. Is there a possibility that you ramp up the CapEx spend there and then have the ability to shut down K1, K2? You guys could lower your operating costs as well.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, good morning, Jacob. Welcome. Thank you for the question. Certainly, when we talk about asset rationalization, we're talking about across our global footprint. We've proven before that we can optimize our costs in some time. In terms of K3, we continue to drive K3 at an accelerated rate. Although we've reduced capital this year, we have done nothing to impact the critical path of K3. And certainly in early next decade, we'll fully understand where the market is for that, and we'll be making decisions on K3 based on those market conditions at the time. So, we continue to match our production and sales with global demand, and we'll rationalize our assets to satisfy that demand. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes. Hello. Two questions on potash, one, I noticed your pricing was boosted by the industrial and feed, and I wonder how long that premium will last. Is that just a lag that will soon go away? And then, a broader question on Canpotex selling into Asia, you've got contract customers, yet we've seen cases, such as with India last year, where when the contract price is above the market price, they ask for an adjustment. And when you get into a delay in the negotiations over the new contract, it seems to paralyze the whole market. So, would Canpotex be better off moving to a spot basis with its Asian customers?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Don, I'm going to turn a lot of that over to Rick. I just start with your comment or question. Clearly, there are other ways we could be selling globally, including spot markets. And those discussions are, of course, being held in Canpotex, but I wouldn't want to discuss Canpotex's specific market strategies in this call for Mosaic. That would be something, I think, inappropriate for here, but, Rick, can you just talk about our pricing strategy in Canpotex in Asia?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah, good morning, Don. In Asia, the two big markets there, India and China, have been contract markets. And I think Joc did a good job of portraying it. There probably needs to be some changes, but right now, when we're in (28:27) the midst of a discussion about that contract for the remainder of the year, it doesn't do any of us any good to speculate on whether we go contract or spot. Your second question on industrial and feed accounts -- those contracts have a lagging pricing formula. And those differences will become less as we get through into the second half of the year.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you very much. Can you just comment on your expectations for international phosphate prices, specifically in India and Southeast Asia, as recent tenders have been in the kind of 350-ish or even slightly lower range? You alluded to this in your prepared remarks, but, in general, how should we think about your intentions to participate at these levels or lack thereof, particularly if activity's already over-subscribed? And just any color on your expectations for netbacks would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Chris. In terms of-- generally, I think I'm going to first just highlight that where the market pricing and over-participation, as you say, has been high, Mosaic has taken the position of actually walking away from those markets where we're not getting what we consider to be acceptable returns. Now, having said that, we are price-takers in the end, and we have to meet market. So in terms of our expectation for phosphate pricing in India, I think the issue there is really about the subsidies and what the retail prices are in India and how that fits in. And for that, I'm going to ask Rick and Mike to just touch on that.
Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market & Strategic Analysis: Okay. Yeah, just a couple things in terms of possible second half pricing. One, I think we mentioned before that we think there could be a pretty strong bunching of demand. So we think Brazil will be in the market, India will be in the market, and North America in the fall fill will be all active at pretty much the same time. So, there's the potential for some strong seasonal pressures, we believe. I think the second point is that raw material costs have come down a lot. And then, that's been part of the reason for the drop in phosphate prices, and those costs are beginning to stabilize. So I don't think there's going to be quite as many tailwinds from lower raw material costs. And then, a third point is some of the currency changes that have taken place is beginning to pinch margins for some of those producers, who've greatly benefited from a depreciated currency. And then, finally, as Joc mentioned, the subsidies that was announced in India is a very workable subsidy. And I think it remains to be seen how the market sort of sorts out the spoils of that subsidy. If there is a bunching and you get some price pressure, certainly, the Indians can afford to pay more. We've done some real simple analysis that shows if retail prices drop slightly in India, certainly the Indians can afford to pay prices up into the 380s. So I think there is the potential there for lots of things combining to provide some uplift in prices second half. Rick?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. I think, Mike, you've nailed it on the impact of India and Southeast Asia pricing. I think the good thing to look at is in the near-term, we've seen an uptick in prices into India and into Pakistan, which is a good first step at a time when Indians have deferred buying. So, when they come with full force, we think that creates a different pricing environment. And if I was an Indian buyer, I'd be stepping in and getting some cover at these levels. And as we look at what the impact is on netbacks, Joc talked about it earlier, but we see slight improvement in prices. We see the impact of raw materials in the second half hitting us positively, and we see the fact that with the plants running at more normalized operational rate, we see all those three things positively impacting our margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard with Bernstein.
Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi, guys; morning. Two questions, if you don't mind. The first one, I was trying to reconcile the potash prices you had on slide seven, I think, you said $207 realized. And then, you guide to $180 to $200. Am I comparing apples-to-apples when looking at those two numbers? And the second question is completely different. You took down the CapEx both internally and for Ma'aden. Does that mean we're pushing out the start dates, particularly for Ma'aden, or how should I think about this?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Jonas. Good morning. Good to hear your voice. I'm going to hand both of those over to Rich Mack. I think the first question is really about the math and existing market rates. And then, the second question I think as a board member of Ma'aden, Rich can probably give you the most color.
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. Thanks, Joc, and good morning, Jonas. With respect to your first question, yes, it is apples-to-apples. And it really goes to, I think it was Don's question earlier and that is, we benefited in the first quarter from some of the industrial and K-Mag sales that are at higher prices compared to where they will be in the second quarter. Recently, we've seen a precipitous decline, for example, in SOP and that results in some recalibrating for K-Mag prices, just to give one example. And then on Ma'aden, what you should assume there is this is basically a timing issue with respect to capital. We would effectively guide exactly as we have in the past and that is ammonia production will start in the fourth quarter of this year. I think we are anticipating somewhere in the vicinity of 300,000 tonnes of ammonia that will be produced out of the Ma'aden joint venture in 2016. Phosphate production will start sometime in the middle part of 2017. Both of those points in time are generally consistent with what we talked about previously. So, think of the deferral in capital in 2016 related to Ma'aden to be something that will be picked up in 2017.
Operator: Next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about the strategy in Brazil on potash, my understanding was the distribution arm, your distribution arm, bought tonnes from Eastern European suppliers this past few months to try to ease some of the burden in the country. And also, I know a few months ago when prices were as low $210 a tonne, your distribution arm was going in and trying to buy tonnes and couldn't. Can you talk about now if you're going in and trying to buy tonnes at $215 and $220, if you're finding volume from European competitors on potash? Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi. Good morning, Joel. Thanks. I'm going to just hand this straight over to Rick. This question's come up before and I think we need to probably nip it.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. Good morning, Joel, and thanks for your question. As far as our Distribution business, we did step in and buy tonnes outside of – Canpotex is our primary supplier, in fact, our sole supplier, but we did step in during a period where they had less tonnes going to the market and bough some from third parties. That continues into the second quarter. It's not a huge amount of tonnes. And frankly, we've been able to manage through kind of a tightness in the marketplace, so that's first. There was some question of us buying up some tonnes in North America and trying to move them into our own Distribution business taking an arbitrage on the price spreads from the center Gulf to move them into our Brazil business. That, we could not collect up enough to make a vessel truly work, but that arbitrage is there. And if prices remain lower in North America, that would sure lead the opportunity for somebody to play that game.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank.
Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Just looking at Slide 23 on P&K shipments to China and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how influential China is on your Phosphate business, particularly with respect to do you see net capacity growing or shrinking over the next couple of years? Are the Chinese price-setters either all year or perhaps on a seasonal basis? And are the Chinese disciplined when it comes to phosphate production? Thank you.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ben. Most of this I'm just going to hand over to Mike, who really spends a lot of time analyzing this market very carefully. And I think, though, I will say in general our expectations. And I think if you read the major analyst companies, their expectation is Chinese capacity over time will remain flat and will possibly shrink. So, that's basically what's in our plan. But I think to give better detailing, I'm going to hand it straight to Mike.
Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market & Strategic Analysis: Sure. Good morning, Ben. I guess several components to that question. Let's talk about the export numbers first. According to Chinese Customs Statistics, first quarter exports were down about 560,000 tonnes from a year ago. We think that that will continue in the last three quarters of the year. And our last estimate from our Chinese team indicates that we believe that Chinese exports will be down about 2 million tonnes for the year, from the record 11.7 million last year to about 9.6 million tonnes this year. As you know, the Chinese have stopped building phosphate plants after this dramatic expansion over the past 10 years. And, as Joc mentioned, we think that there will be some restructuring that takes place in what's a very heterogeneous industry there. And that over time, exports probably will stabilize somewhere in that 7 million to 8 million tonne range. There is an analog, if you looked at what happened on the nitrogen side of the business. I think 2015 was the first year where closures of ammonia capacity exceeded increases in capacity. And so, capacity in China can decline. And we think that over the next five years, you will see a significant restructuring and China becomes certainly a large, but a more stable player in our market.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks very much. You talked about the cycle being cyclically weak at this juncture. Notwithstanding that, is it the case that you'd contemplate any meaningful acquisitions? And should you make them, how much are you willing to leverage your balance sheet?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Jeff, good morning. Thank you. So, if I understand, are we contemplating acquisitions and what would we be willing to lever? Let me start this off, and then I'm going to hand it to Rich, but yeah, we look at this part of the cycle, and we're actively looking for opportunities to grow our company over the long term. And we believe this part of the cycle may be opening up opportunities for value that might not exist in other parts of the cycle. That being said, our basic philosophy is any acquisition we make has to meet a return on capital requirement, that meets cost to capital, plus a risk premium, plus a return to shareholders. And then with the share price where it is today, we have the added need of it having to compete with the potential to just buy back our own shares. In terms of leveraging up, yes, we would be able to lever up. And we have said before we would go beyond our normal 2-to-1 debt-to-EBITDA ratio for the right investment, but realize that we are very conscious of our credit rating, and we're committed to maintaining that. Now, having said that, we expect any acquisition would come with its own earnings, which would offset some of that. Rich, do you want to add some color to that?
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think you've covered it, Joc. I would just say, Jeff, Mosaic will be disciplined through any process that we undertake. And I think we've noted this before. Mosaic was essentially evolved through acquisitions during the down part of the cycle. And so there certainly are opportunities that come in front of us. I've mentioned before almost any phosphate or potash opportunity will come across our desk. And if the circumstances are right, we have the balance sheet capability to do it. And we definitely will stay disciplined, and we are committed to maintaining an investment grade credit rating.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And one other point, Jeff. I just want to make, this discipline means we're going to be just as happy to walk away from things if we can't get them at a price that we believe adds real value to our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Joc, you mentioned declining farm income in your opening comments, but how significant a role has that actually played with nutrient prices going down? And as I measure it, nutrients got cheaper and farm income didn't really go down that much in North America this year. So, I'm just curious. You listed it as one of several issues, but how big is it really?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Mark. And actually, it's a great point. Rick and I were with one of our major customers just last week, and they have a relatively detailed analysis of the different costs. And of all the costs, I think potash and phosphate amounted to $61 per acre on a farm in your Indiana-Illinois-type area. Interestingly enough, you're glyphosates and chemicals came to a higher number than that. Nitrogen came to over $100 and seed well over $100. So, if you look at a farmer and affordability from just that analysis, it really says that if a farmer wants to maximize his revenue from every acre, the last thing you should be doing today is compromising the amount of fertilizer he puts down. Rick, did you want to add anything to that?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: No. And I think that the changes in commodity prices have truly been positive, given where crop nutrient prices are at. I think the issue is is that in a period with everyone, where farmers have lived with prices that are much higher than they are today, there is a percentage of farmers that, at today's prices and nutrient costs and all the inputs, aren't going to make money. And I think that's one thing. That's why we mentioned it is that we're going to go through a period where we just have to understand what real farm income is. And whether it's in Brazil or in North America, we see those things happening. Mike?
Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market & Strategic Analysis: The other thing -- if you just look at North American shipments of potash and phosphate, I mean, they have been remarkably constant for about the last five years or since the financial crisis, and both of them right in that 9 million metric tonnes. So, while there might be front page stories in The Wall Street Journal about the difficulty of Farmer Jones in Decatur, Illinois, the proof is in the pudding as far as the actual shipments, and they've been very, very constant.
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citigroup.
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good morning. This is Dan Jester on for P.J. Just want to clarify one thing. The $500 million cost savings program you announced a few years back -- is that complete? And if not, how much do you have left to get on that? And secondly, if I recall correctly, you were going to start a new sulfur melter this past quarter. Did that start up? And maybe talk about what the impact on your sulfur cost could be. Thanks.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Dan. Thanks a lot. Let me start with the $500 million. The $500 million program was a five-year program to take out reoccurring costs over that timeframe. We announced that three years ago. And I would say we are certainly on track for it, and probably a little bit ahead of track. We still have some areas where we think we can get some further reductions in both G&A and operating costs, but you can see in our results that a good chunk of that is flowing through our results today, as you're well aware. I mean, our Potash costs are flat, despite a 16% reduction in our operating rates. Our Phosphate conversion costs are lower, despite a significantly lower operating rate. And we've held our phosphate raw costs flat for several years. And all this is part of that program. You can see our SG&A costs this year down 10%. So, overall, you can see the results as they flow through, but we still have some cost left to come. But it's going very well. In terms of the sulfur melter, that sulfur melter is now running. Where that will probably have the biggest impact, and you've seen the sulfur prices in the Gulf come down recently. I think what it's done is it's forced the trade flow to go to what makes the best sense. And so what we will see in terms of costs is probably not a significant decrease, but what we will see is the center Gulf liquid sulfur market going down to trading at a discount to solid sulfur again, as it has five, 10 years ago.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Mike had a few remarks earlier about the outlook for India and Brazil. And I wanted to just drill into U.S. and China a bit here. And with respect to the U.S., given your view of fall applications of P&K and where the spring looks like it's trailing out here, would you say the P&K applications in this fertilizer year that we're in right now will fall short of historical levels or compared to, say, what was removed with last year's harvest? So, that's a U.S. question. One over on China -- it appears to us that crop yields in that country could be constrained by under-application of potash, in spite of over-application of nitrogen. Would be interested in your view on that and what do you think is the mechanism for those proportions to change over time?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: All right. Thanks. Lot of questions, I'm going to hand it straight to Mike to go through this. We want to get through everybody's questions.
Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market & Strategic Analysis: Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Steve, and good morning. And I'll make some comments and I think Rick probably has some comments as well. In the U.S., as far as the spring application season goes, I guess we would characterize it as a strong season. We're seeing good shipments, no indication of changes in application rates. And as we mentioned before, we believe that P&K shipments will continue to be in that 9 million metric tonne range. So that's the situation in the U.S. And obviously, the spring season is pretty much complete and history. And now, we're beginning to look ahead for fall season. And certainly, when you look at futures prices, you have corn and soybeans still at relatively high levels. Assuming there's a decent crop and a good pull of nutrients, we have no reason to think that the fall application season is going to let up at all. And I guess a positive in North America -- we think the pipeline has been pulled down to much more normal levels or even lower levels after seeing some elevated stocks. In China, yeah, I think your point is spot on. We expect that. As you know, China has announced zero growth policy after 2020. And they've also announced some changes in their crop support prices. And in terms of no growth, I think you'll see maybe a reallocation of nutrients from nitrogen into phosphate and especially potash. And I think there's some evidence of that taking place already, because last year, China had record potash imports of over 9 million tonnes, domestic production was up, and their potash shipments are on the rise. And I think that, clearly, is evidence of acknowledging the problem you bring up. Rick, do you have anything?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: No. I think you've got it covered, Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from John Roberts with UBS.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Morning. Can you hear me?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. If you don't get a Chinese potash agreement this quarter, I assume your full-year outlook would be worse because pent-up demand would continue to be deferred, but do you think that price would still be stable in that scenario? That is, do you think that price may have stabilized in part here because of expectations of a near-term agreement and things could get sloppy again if we don't get that?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm going to hand that straight to Rick just to answer that as a...
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Good morning, John. Our expectation is for the contract to get completed with the Chinese during the second quarter. So, if it didn't happen, I think that how we operate would be to match up our production to what we believe the market is going to be. And we'll continue to operate that way.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Leith Piken - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning. Just a couple of quick questions, the first one being, in terms of your longer-term strategy, I mean, if the market on potash, in particular, appears to be over-supplied, what is the potential for Canpotex producers to continue to cut production if other producers are running at very high operating rates, particularly those that are higher on the cost curve than you guys?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Look, let me start by saying, and I'm reiterating a point I think we've made a number times, which is we don't see the market as really being all that out of balance. You have a weak market today because of cyclicality. You've also had the impact of seasonality. And the two have combined to create a situation that's pretty difficult for that market. That being said, we believe once the normal flow starts, i.e., once the Chinese contract is in place, once India starts buying and they get a contract in place, the demand gets sopped up pretty darn quickly, and that everybody goes back to more normal operating rates. So, when you ask the long-term, our expectations are Canpotex and Mosaic will continue to match global demand with our available production, as we have in the first quarter. And that we don't see any reason for that to change at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. A couple questions, one, how has the challenging backdrop for growers impacted demand for higher margin products, such as MicroEssentials? Second question is any thoughts on how India's pending phosphoric acid settlement will impact the region's desire to import that versus producing the product locally? And then finally, on the longer-term supply demand balance from the phosphate industry, what are your thoughts on how quickly OCP will bring on new granulation capacity?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. There's three there. Thanks, Sandy. There's three there. I'm going to try and get all three. First of all, MicroEssentials, our limit to selling MicroEssentials so far has been our production capacity. We have just completed a $225 million increase in capacity at our New Wales plant, which will give us the capacity to produce 3.5 million tonnes. As per the earlier question about the economics of buying fertilizer, we believe the economics of using MicroEssentials is better than it's ever been because of the challenging market, not despite the challenging market. So, I would say, first of all, we expect the careful producer will be doing everything they can to increase yield per acre, which includes using the best quality premium products, which would be like our MicroEssentials product or our K-Mag or any of those products that tend to bring on better yield. In terms of P2O5 to India, I'm going throw that straight over to Rick.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. Good morning. With P2O5, with the acid contract into India, I think there's already been contracts closed into Europe that are at higher levels. I think how the Indian producers think about their phosphoric acid contract is they're producing more NPKs because that allows them to maximize their return from the subsidy. And if you look, in our forecasts, we show less DAP being produced in India, which in turn leads to more imports.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I'll just quickly touch on the OCP. Obviously, we don't have any information that you don't have that's been publicly stated, but OCP has publicly stated that they will contribute, I believe, half the world's growth by their granulation growth. So, I'm assuming that is exactly what they'll do. We have time for one last question on the thing here. So, let's keep moving.
Operator: You're next question is from Yonah Weisz with HSBC Bank.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch): Hi there. Thanks for taking the question. A question actually is on your balance sheet, and on some ideas of capital allocation. In the past, you've talked about keeping a $1 billion cash buffer on your balance sheet. There's a chance, I guess, with lower profits and good amount of capital spending, that you may eat into that buffer and go lower than $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So, I guess I'm curious to know how low can you go or do you want to go below that $1 billion mark for cash on the balance sheet before something critical happens, like you have to, for example, perhaps cut a dividend or take some serious cuts into your capital spending?
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you, Yonah. Let me quickly touch on this, and then I'll hand it to Rich for a second. But the liquidity buffer we carry is $2.5 billion, and exactly what the name implies, it is a buffer for short-term liquidity. Today, we have announced significant cost reductions, further capital reductions, to minimize the impact on that liquidity buffer. But if our cash needs exceed our short-term generation, we will dip into that buffer. Rich, do you want say anything on that?
Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Yonah, I would say that you should just think of what our end goal here is to have about $2.5 billion of total available liquidity, and that can be comprised of either cash on balance sheet or available revolver capacity. And so, at times, that will fluctuate up and down. Today, we still have a very strong cash balance on our balance sheet. And we certainly, we believe with the conservative way in which we have managed our balance sheet in the past, we've got the opportunity to weather any market challenges that might come our way.
James C. O'Rourke - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. With that, I'd like to close off. And let me just make a couple of closing comments. I know there's at least one other company reporting today, so we don't want to cut into their time. Look, we fully expect the markets to strengthen as the year progresses. With that said, year-to-date, our production rates are down, consistent with our intention to balance production with sales and global demand. I want to highlight some positive steps, though, that we've taken to reduce our spending, so that Mosaic can weather this current environment and thrive across the cycle. We've held our production costs flat year-over-year in Potash, despite a 16% reduction in our operating rate. This represents good cost management, as well as some currency benefits. I want to point out our brine inflow cost, while somewhat dependent on Mother Nature, these are down by $70 million to $90 million from the peak, largely due to good cost control, good technology application and some currency benefits. In Phosphates, we've driven our conversion cost lower, despite a significant lower operating rate. And we've held the cash costs of our mining operations flat over several years. We attribute both of those to good cost management. We've reduced our annual capital spending expectations this year by $200 million plus deferred almost $100 million in spending for Ma'aden. Our SG&A costs are down 10% year-over-year, as lower incentives are driven by our performance. And our performance reflect the challenging market environment. And we've lowered our full-year SG&A guidance. This clearly demonstrates the benefits of our work to continue to be the low-cost producer in potash and phosphates. So, with that, I want to conclude our call by reiterating our key messages. We have the operating flexibility and balance sheet we need to weather to current market environment. We fully expect the markets to improve in the second half of this year. And we understand and are prepared for the cyclical nature of this business. The long-term remains very promising, and we manage this company for long-term success. Thank you for joining the call. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining The Mosaic Company's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - VP, IR James O'Rourke - President & CEO Richard Mack - EVP & CFO Michael Rahm - Vice President of Market & Strategic Analysis Rick McLellan - SVP, Commercial
Analysts: Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Jonas Oxgaard - Bernstein Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse P.J. Juvekar - Citi Jacob Bout - CIBC Steve Byrne - Bank of America John Roberts - UBS
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes the prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition we will be presenting non-GAAP financial information that we believe will provide insight into the company’s results. Reconciliations to the nearest GAAP numbers are found in the presentation slides and in today’s press release. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joc.
James O'Rourke: Good morning, thank you for joining us for our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. It seems clear to us that you’ll understand the market related challenges we face. To summaries, we’re experiencing a major decline in the broader commodities markets as well as global economic uncertainty and unprecedented strengths of the U.S. dollar. Agriculture, the grain and oil seed supply and demand situation remains relatively balanced. Even after three consecutive huge harvests and despite the severe price decline across other commodities, crop prices have been relatively stability. Unlike hard commodities we do not see a structural imbalance in agriculture. So, we’ve a positive outlook for the 2016 global shipments in both potash and phosphates. We believe recent price declines in potash and phosphates have been driven more by macroeconomic trend then by the current supply and demand balance. Weak currency valuations against the U.S. dollar are low in production costs for exporting nations and raising prices for importing nations. Normal seasonal pressures are exacerbating the fertilizer price trends. As a result our realized prices were down in the fourth quarter and have been under increasing pressure since the beginning of this year. We see several factors that are giving farmers around the globe and centers to use fertilizers to maximize yield and revenue per acre. The price declines in fertilizers have led to high crop nutrient affordability. Farmers are experiencing lower energy costs. Currency valuations are providing tailwinds for non-U.S. growers, selling U.S. dollar price crops. And the reasons to big harvests have withdrawn large amounts of nutrients from the soil which must be replenished. As a result demand is expected to remain strong. Without operating environment as a backdrop, we’ve three important concepts to discuss today. First, we expect Mosaic to emerge as stronger company from this difficult period. Second, the resilience we build into our business is real as demonstrated by the strength of our balance sheet, our cost control and our strong execution. We believe it will yield compelling opportunities for growth as this cycle plays out. And third, agricultural commodities bear different dynamics than many other commodities and that’s a fact that we believe has been overlooked amid the general commodity market pessimism. Cycles can turn more quickly in agriculture because of unpredictable weather and the consistent underlying global demand for food. We understand the cycles are inevitable and that they’re neither tidy nor predictable. We’ve always managed Mosaic for the long term for success across the business cycle that is a lot easier to say then it is to do. So let’s explore the characteristics of our franchise that we believe will allow us to emerge ahead of our competition as the business improves. First, the earnings we reported today show our resilience. We reported $0.44 per share or $0.53 per share excluding notable items and a catch up in our tax accruals. This catch up was a result of higher accrual to the first three quarters of the year and a trump in this quarter, which resulted in a low effective tax rate in the quarter. For the full year we earned $1 billion and our earnings per share of $2.78 were higher than the $2.68 per share Mosaic earned in 2014, reflecting both our execution and our capital allocation. It is important to note that Mosaic remains solidly profitable and free cash flow positive despite the very tough markets. We have taken the actions necessary to ensure stability. We made tremendous progress on costs. We are well ahead of schedule on our initiative to generate $500 million of cost savings by 2018. It's important to note that we began that work with Mosaic already occupying competitive cost positions on the global potash, and phosphate cost curves. We have made tough decisions including difficult moves to stop our MOP production at Carlsbad New Mexico and decommission our potash mine in Hersey Michigan. We have also saved significant cost through innovative decisions and by investing the necessary capital to improve processes for the long-term. We have made major progress towards a strong and efficient balance sheet. We have reached our leverage targets while maintaining enough cash to provide a buffer. That seem conservative to some no doubt but it will prove prudent and provide flexibility others do not have in this environment. In 2012 when potash prices where close to $450 per ton we in-definitively postponed a $3 billion potash expansion. Two years ago we had the opportunity to contract for ammonia with natural gas base prices and decided to fore grow building a $1.2 billion ammonia plant. We took that capital and returned it to shareholders, retiring nearly a quarter of our outstanding shares since we were split off from Cargill. And we are executing at a very high level. Our plants and mines are efficient we have had very little unplanned downtime and as an indicator of our effectiveness we delivered another year of record low reportable injury frequency. To put it simply we have not built the company just to weather storms. We have built it to succeed across the cycles that we all know will come. We have also created a great deal of potential. And that's why we believe so strongly that Mosaic will emerge a winner. We expect to realize the value of our many growth initiatives across the cycle and we believe we have created a tremendous amount of leverage for when better conditions arrive. We have covered our many growth initiatives in the past. So, I will provide you with a short update. The Esterhazy K3 potash mine remains on schedule and on budget when the project is completed the mine will be amongst the lowest cost most efficient mines in the world. It will give us important operating flexibility including the ability at some point to fully eliminated material brain management costs. The CF phosphate acquisition has exceeded our expectations. Those facilities generated excellent margins for the first 18 months we owned them. The ADM acquisition in Brazil and Paraguay continues to hold significant promise. The current difficult economic and political situation in Brazil is temporary muting the benefit we expect. Our work to ensure stable, cost effective access to our phosphate raw materials is nearing completion. We have finished the sulfur smelter project in our new wells facility in Florida and our ammonia supply agreement with CF begins next year. While the economics in the near term are less attractive with $310 per ton ammonia long term economics remain highly positive. Also at New Wales, our project to increase micro-essentials capacity is nearing completion. We will have the ability to make 3.5 million tones of micro-essentials which provides significant value to the farmers, the retailers and to Mosaic. Wa'ad Al Shamal Phosphate project in Saudi Arabia is also progressing and we expect initial production of ammonia later this year. Taken together all this work is Mosaic’s resilience and potential which in turn gives us the opportunity to emerge from the weak part of the cycle in the lead. Now I will turn the call over to Rich Mack for insights into our financial results and our guidance. Rich?
Richard Mack: Thank you Joc, and good morning to you all. To briefly reiterate Joc’s commentary on the markets, our financial results are being impacted by a confluence of challenging factors. Global macroeconomic uncertainty, ongoing currency volatility and weakness in key currencies against the U.S. dollar, the lack of sufficient credit in Brazil and in potash it recently completed Canpotex proving run that added supply in the seasonally slow part of the year. Over the longer term though, we see cause for optimism including a balance supply and demand picture in phosphates, a manageable supply in demand picture in potash, and good conditions for agriculture in Brazil where the weak riyal leads to high prices in local currency for grains and oil seeds. Now, I will provide an overview of results in each of our three operating segments. In phosphates, our margins were lower in the fourth quarter primarily because of timing. We were selling fertilizer manufacture when raw material prices were higher than they are today. At the same time prices dropped quickly as traders anticipated the impact of lower raw material costs and buyer delayed purchasing. So, for the near term we are seeing seasonally limited sales volume and softer prices before we can realize our lower raw material costs. These trends are expected to continue into the first quarter. If we look longer term however our [strength] margin is expected to remain healthy with much lower raw material prices offsetting lower fertilizer prices. We expect continue declines in sulfur reflecting a number of curtailments announcements in China as well as our own. These low raw materials costs combined with a firming of phosphate prices in the spring leads us to expect margin rates to rebound to normal levels after the first quarter. In the first quarter we expect the seasonally slow sales to continue in raw material cost to fall further. Last week we announced that we are once again curtailing production to avoid the building of high cost inventory. As a result we expect our phosphate operating rates to be in the range of 70% to 80%. These factors are all embedded assumptions in our phosphate guidance. It is noteworthy that sales volumes picked up after we announced our decision to reduce production. For the full year we expect margins to be similar to last year underpinned by our constructive view of the industry. We expect to ship between 9 million and 10 million tones of phosphates with global market shipments increasing yet again this year to a range of 65 million to 67 million tones. In the potash segment we remained solidly profitable despite the drop in prices. Our works to reduce costs, as well as the tailwinds provided by the weak Canadian dollar have enabled us to maintain reasonable margins. Looking back at potash supply and demand, in the later part of 2014 customers built significant inventories with the expectations of a drawdown in 2015 that inventory reduction occurred to some extent, but it was less pronounced than we had expected. Heading into the 2016 planting season in North America, we expect strong demand in good shipment levels tempered by the fact that retailers continue to hold higher inventories. As a result of these factors we have lowered our estimate of global potash shipment by 3 million tones to a range of 58 million to 60 million tones consistent with 2015, which was a second highest year of shipments ever. We do not believe the potash supply and demand scenario is grossly out of balance. Many producers including Mosaic have cut back volumes in response to the seasonal lack of demand. Per our earlier production curtailment announcements we reduced our operating rate in the fourth quarter by about 20 percentage points compared to last year. In the first quarter we planned to operate our potash mines at approximately 70% to 80% of capacity in order to meet global demand we expect to emerge during the second quarter. We expect pent up demand to come from most of our major markets, China, Brazil, India, Southeast Asia and North America as well as from Europe. All at roughly the same time this year which should provide a solid foundation for prices. In the mean time we will maintain our disciplined approach to meeting our customers’ demands. We have operational flexibility, a low cost structure including the benefit of low natural gas prices at [Belpoint] solution mine and the benefit of a weak Canadian dollar which in 2015 was down as much as the Russian ruble against the U.S. dollar. Our first quarter potash volume guidance anticipates demand emerging around the world toward the end of this quarter and as a result our expected operating rate is well below the same period last year. Margins are expected to be on the low to mid 20% range reflecting both lower realized prices and our decision to produce only to expected market demand. We expect our shipments to North America to be about flat with last year's levels with the reduction in volumes primarily a function of delayed demand in the export markets. Our full year volume guidance of 7.5 million to 8.5 million tones reflects an expected increase in Canpotex potash exports. In our international distribution segment we continue to be impacted by the difficult political and economic situation in Brazil. Fertilizer demand remains slower than usual primarily because farmers are having difficulty find appropriate access to credit. The credit situation is giving farmers incentive to acquire their inputs through border, a system that can benefit Mosaic because of our strong relationships with key players in the Brazilian border market. These arrangements also allow us to take a conservative approach to granting credit which lowers overall credit losses. Farmers in Brazil continue to plant for big crops, in fact, a high percentage of second crop corn already has been sold in advance because of the favorable currency dynamics. So farmers need to plant their acres and maximize the yields. We believe that will facilitate additional fertilizer demand. Brazilian credit availability is the swing factor in our volume guidance assumptions for the first quarter and full year because of the relatively high proportion of fixed costs, higher volumes positively impact margins per ton as does the higher proportion of micro-essentials in our sales. Finally, I should note that our forecasted margins anticipate relative stability in the Real. For 2016 we expect our distribution volumes to range from six to seven million tones. For calendar 2016 our annual guidance ranges are as follows. Canadian resource taxes and royalties are expected to be in the range of $180 million to $220 million, down from $281 million in 2015. Brine management costs are expected to be consistent with 2015 in the range of $160 million to $180 million. Our SG&A expense is estimated to be $350 million to $370 million. We will continue to look for opportunities to take additional costs out of the system to increase cash flow and to manage the company for the inevitable cyclical upturn. Our effective tax rate is expected to be in the high teen percentage range. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range from $900 million to $1.1 billion plus around $300 million for our interest in the modern Wa'ad Al Shamal Phosphate Company. As we have previously guided approximately $600 million of our capital expenditures is sustaining capital and the majority of the remainder is for projects already well underway. We are prepared to calibrate capital spending further to reflect current market conditions. Given the current attractiveness of Mosaic share price new capital commitments must meet a very high risk adjusted hurdle rate. And one more note on capital. Today we announced an accelerated share repurchase program of $75 million. As you know, cycles bring opportunities and during the fourth quarter we were evaluating some unique opportunities and didn't affect additional share repurchases. We are pleased to be in a position to make today's announcement and we will continue to embrace the capital management philosophy we have often articulated in the past. To conclude I would like to reiterate Joc's main points. There is no doubt that markets are challenge on several fronts but Mosaic has made and will continue to make notable progress. We have the financial and operational resilience and discipline to succeed in weak markets and we have significant leverage to outperform as conditions improve which they always do in this sector. With that I will return the call back to Jack for his closing comments. Jack?
James O'Rourke: Thank you, Rich. To summarize we are operating in a challenging environment. With volatility and headwinds coming from many fronts, but at Mosaic we have learned to embrace the cyclicality of our business our philosophy to produce to demand in both potash and phosphate has not changed. We are also managing costs remaining flexible on our capital spending and looking for opportunities to create long term value for our shareholders. We have been profitable through the trough. We have created the potential to accelerate quickly in better markets and we believe agricultural markets will prove more resilient than current sentiment expects. Mosaic is in excellent position for now and for the years to come. Now we would be happy to take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Go ahead, your line is open.
Ben Isaacson: Thank you very much. I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on Rich's comment on the phosphate market. Can you start by talking about how finished phosphate fertilizer inventory levels look worldwide right now? And then secondly, what changes to global supply do you see occurring in 2016 with the particular focus on China's export capability? Thank you.
James O'Rourke: Thanks Ben. Joc here. I am going to hand that straight to Mike I think this is really an area where he can give us the best answer. Mike do you want to just take that.
Michael Rahm: Sure. Let me start with the second question first in terms of Chinese export I am sure you are all aware of that exports spiked in 2015 to, I believe the China customers numbers in the 11.6 million ton range. As I think was noted earlier there have been some shut downs in China. Those tones we think will be lost our projection that we are using right now in our S&D is somewhere in that 10 million ton range we think it will be off a bit from the record last year. In terms of the first question phosphate inventories and Rich you should comment as well. I think it varies from region to region certainly continuing in China, we know that inventories have built up at the plant level. We think they are high there. Distributors in China are the same as distributors around the world in terms of when prices are trending down they tend not to take position, so we have seen a back up of inventories at the plant. But overall, we don't think inventories in china are excessive. The situation India maybe a little bit different. They had 2.5 million ton increase in imports last year and we think that inventories there are certainly greater than what they have been in the last couple of years when they were pulled down to very low levels. North America I think is in good shape. And in terms of Brazil inventories ended the year maybe a little bit above average but I think we are seeing some positive signs there that things are beginning to move. So I will let Rick provide his color commentary as well.
Richard Mack: Yes, good morning Ben. I just spent some time going through with our Brazilian team something that are happening in the marketplace there and we have seen since the start of the year some pretty significant moves of volumes that had weighted to come to market, so these are blended volumes that are going out. And we see the phosphate inventories frankly being drawn down Mike described them as a both even year-over-year, but the sales that are going on right now for the first quarter reflect farmers coming back in to that marketplace. So I think those inventories get drowned down and we just finished spending time this week with some of our larger North American customers and I would say their buying is probably lower than it's been for the last three years. They are going to wait and move hand them out and so they are not sitting on a lot of inventories, there is not a lot of inventories sitting in North America and so we expect when the season hits us both is very well. And volumes will move through the system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning this is Neel Kumar calling for Vincent. I had a couple of questions regarding micro essentials. Would you characterize demand is still in excess pie in the current operating environment? And can you also talk about how you have been managing the price premium with that and whether or not price has been secured in that?
James O'Rourke: Hi Neel. Joc O'Rourke we will start – I will start off with just the quick comment. As you are probably well aware our production capacity for micro-essentials was reaching us limit in the last year or so and we are just in the process of expanding that capacity at our new wells plant up to 3.5 million tons so as the future goes by we will actually have sufficient capacity. So in that timeframe volumes have not necessarily increased but we have really focused on the value add that we can achieve through that. I am going let Rick just talk about this for a little while and maybe come back with some closures.
Richard Mack: Yes, good morning. Joc is right, we saw volumes stay relatively flat year-over-year, but we saw the increases in the premiums we have been able to capture for both on micro-essentials. We really are looking forward to the fact that we will have this increase production sometime in 2016 and our focus is really on expanding significantly into Brazil. Last year we did grow but it stayed relatively flat our plans for it to grow further but the I think a lot of activity in Brazil, a lot of uncertainty and so we felt real good that we stayed flat. We really are looking for opportunities to grow in the Caribbean basin as this new production comes on fill in the holes in North America where our customers and people they have not able to get access or asking for it and still I think I mentioned it before we are doing research in Europe because the crop cycle there is very similar to what we see in Canada which is one of our fastest growth markets.
James O'Rourke: We continue to have a very good view on future micro-essentials and it's about to real value to Mosaic on the long term. And I will close with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Don Carson: Yes, couple of questions on potash given your more conservative view on shipping this year despite the benefit falling prices, do you have any plans to idle Colonsay indefinitely or do you think other should be doing more to idle production as well Saskatchewan? And then, just from a market perspective can you talk about your FPD program in potash given falling prices are you finding that you are shipping more potash with the price to be determined post shipment?
James O'Rourke: Let me start off with, we have said and we continue to say we will operate to the demand in the market and of course as we look at that we will make sure that the production that we curtail gives us the most long term benefit so whether that's because of the higher cost operations or whether we need maintenance or our differing maintenance at certain plants I think that decision gets made based on the value that adds to Mosaic. So, we are certainly not going to specify how we plan to do that but we expect to make sure that our production meets expected demand and that's why our guidance this year is 70% to 80% in the first quarter and it was about 70% in the fourth quarter against last year we operated 91% in the fourth quarter and 90% in the first quarter. So we are looking at controlling that to meet the market. I am going to give the FPD question straight over to Rick.
Richard Mack: Yes, good morning Don. And it's a very appraisable question. We are seeing people take advantage for us and them of using our FPD program and I think we saw the impact of that showing up in our fourth quarter. There was question about our third quarter volume into North America and frankly we saw those volumes come back in the fourth quarter. I think the one thing that people don't understand is our program separates price from shipment and so it allows the dealer to put product into place, but the pricing mechanism is they can buy up to the moment they sell to the farmer. And at that point they have to price at the current price. And so their revenue recognition and ours match up, we think it creates a competitive advantage for us and it certainly does for our customer base.
James O'Rourke: I think just to reemphasize Rick other point there which is we believe the FPD program allows a much smoother logistic or supply chain for our products in other words we can get the products to market on our convenience and allow them to be where they need to be when the market will start moving.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong with RBC Capital. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong: Thank you and good morning. In Rich's prepared comments I think he mentioned that Mosaic was evaluating some unique opportunities in the fourth quarter, can you talk about which parts of your business you would like to see maybe footprint expanded would it be distribution or production and geographically what sort of regions you might be interested in? Thank you.
James O'Rourke: Andrew, thank you and obviously we are not going to comment on specifics of any M&A type activities. We might be involved in, but I would say just give it back to Rich for some more color, but I would say look we are interested in both of our sectors. We are certainly interested in anything that gives us a long term risk adjusted superior return above our cost of capital. Now having said that as per Rich's comment, the hurdle rate has to be adjusted for what we believe is low stock price right now so we are measuring any investment we make against the benefits of buying back our own stock. Rich do you want to add something to that?
Richard Mack: Sure. Andrew. What I would say is it goes to impart capital management, it goes into the cyclicality of the industry and if you take a look at Mosaic historically going way back to the Cargill years the down part of the cycle due present opportunities and if you take a look at our track record Cargill got into the phosphate business at the down part of the cycle, we years later ended up consolidating with IMC Global that was a great opportunity for us and just a couple of years ago I would argue that we rolled up the CF phosphate business at a very attractive evaluation. So as Joc noted anything that we would do would go through a very strong filter but the fact that we have a strong balance sheet which I would argue would be the envy of many in the mining sector and [age] sector today is of great benefit to us and so we will continue to balance between repurchasing our shares and looking for opportunities out there and if there is something that is extraordinarily compelling it's something that we could act on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi, good morning. Two part question. When do you expect the modern phosphate plant to come on stream and how much more do you have to spend on it? And then secondly your corporate cost this quarter I think was an income benefit of 29 million, I was wondering why that was the case and your other current assets year-over-year are up about 260 million and I was wondering why what was too?
James O'Rourke: Okay I am going to hand the more technical finance questions over to Rich in a second here. Let me just quickly touch on modern actually over there couple of weeks ago on – it's really come a long well I think we are pretty pleased with where we are set with modern, they were just adding gas and starting to commission the boilers for the ammonia plant and recognize a big piece of the value of the modern joint venture will be that ammonia plant. Now to come on midyear, this year and probably finish commissioning somewhere around the third quarter, the rest of the plant should be ready by let’s call it late 2016 or early 2017 and then start commissioning at that stage. So that's kind of timing. And I believe we have about $3 million left to spend on it but again I will get Rich to give you little more background and then give you answers on our corporate spending. Thanks.
Richard Mack: Sure thanks Joc. Hey Jeff, your two part question had five questions and so I will try to address them. This year we are the tail-end of modern as well as what I would say 2016 will represent the vast majority of our remaining expenditures there I think we are suggesting about $300 million in 2016 there could be some spillover effect that goes into 2017 and that you have to be determined based on variety factors in terms of how the construction is progressing today. Joc noted ammonia production comes online later this year. Phosphate production will come online sometime during 2017, but there will be a ramp up period. And we are progressing I would say very quickly right now in terms of the constructions process and those time horizons are still generally consistent with what we thought about couple of years ago. Your question about the [indiscernible] the positive contribution in the corporate segment really relates to intercompany eliminations between our phosphate segment and our international distribution segment. So when we sell phosphates to international distribution primarily Brazil, we do not take, we back off the profit or the profit is recognized I should say in the phosphate segment and then it's eliminated in the corporate segment until that product is sold by international distribution. So what you are seeing here is product that moved in the fourth quarter out of international distribution and therefore the profit is fully being recognized by Mosaic. And then I think your third question was an increase in other current assets and I think the answer to that is primarily additional FPDs this year compared to the last relevant period so I hope that's response to your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. So maybe let’s see your thoughts on India and particularly both on P&K near term seems the inventory there have built up pretty sharply and demand has weakened. Can you help me think about kind of how the back half of the year could progress actually get that import demand back up is it probably pretty swing factor in the sea borne P&K markets? Thanks.
James O'Rourke: Hi Adam, thanks for the question. I am going to hand out straight over to Rick McLellan to answer it, I think it's –
Rick McLellan: Yes. Good morning Adam. I think it is the swing factor of, I will ask Mike to add in after I am done. But, late in January the Indian government stopped allowing shipments to be moved from ports in country. So inventory had build up. It will get cleaned out quicker. How long that last and we have seen it before where it allows inventory to be cleaned up in country and it allows them to reset the subsidy. I have no idea what the subsidy will be for P&K in India, but it will be lower. And I think the other piece that the inventory built up for a couple of reasons and I think the biggest one was that the expectations for demand last year were little higher than people than what ended up happening. The impact of the drought in India impacted both P and K usage and right now what we are seeing in country with our own in country business is product is moving from the distributor shelf to the farmers. And so we have to separate what happens on the import side from what happens on the distributor shelf. And frankly, this move of their will help clean up some of that inventory and we look forward to the back half of the year will be very good going in to India but it won’t be at the level we experienced last year. Mike you want to add something there.
Michael Rahm: Yes, just a couple of notes. Obviously, there are lots of uncertainties there with respect to how good or bad the monsoon will be this year what happens to exchange rates, what if any changes to subsidies. So lot of moving parts there but bottom-line of our best guess at this point is in terms of MOP imports we think they will be off a little bit recall that in calendar year 2005 Indian port had formally in tons potash off a little bit from 43 to previous year but up from 3 million tons in 2013. We think they will be in at 37 to 39 ranges this year so off a little bit. Phosphate maybe a little bit different story as we noted earlier the import surge to 2.5 million tons last year from very low levels. We think they will probably be off maybe a half million to 3 quarter of million tons this year and how much it depends on all of those factors we noted earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonas Oxgaard: Hi, morning. So, I am curious about those timing effects in the phosphate so I understand most of that is ammonia moving down quite dramatically now you guided for Q1 on a 10% gross margin but can you talk a little bit more about what we expect Q2, Q3 even its starts betting, both in the percentage and absolute terms?
James O'Rourke: Sure. Thanks, Jonas, for your question. Certainly in Q1, we are faced with the impact of declining ammonia prices. Now that takes about a quarter to just work through our system. So, whenever the price is declining, the inventory value of your product tends to be higher for about that quarter until we work that higher cost material through our system. As we said in our guidance, by about the second third quarter, we expect our gross margins in phosphate to be returning to more or less what I would say as our normal range of high teens. And so we would expect the last three quarters to be in that high teen's area. Rick, did you, or Mike, did you want to add anything on those movement of those products?
Michael Rahm: No. I think you hear that Jonas, that the change year-over-year in raw material cost and even quarter-over-quarter, if you look at our sulfur core cost Q1 of '15, it’s a $147 a ton. Q1 of '16 is 95. Our ammonia cost in January '15 were 545, we bought ammonia in 16 for 350. In February of '15, we bought ammonia for 495, at February of '16, it's 310. So, those are significant drops and so as that stabilizes and we move through Q2 and Q3 and Q4, those are going to drive and improve gross margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Go ahead, your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Thanks. On the potash guidance you've given for volume. You're giving guidance that Mosaic will have roughly flat shipments on its own with that global demand for potash began about a 1.5 million ton. So, can you talk about how you see Mosaic gaining share, I know there is some flips going on in capital allocation between Vansco [ph] and New Brunswick being taken out of and potash getting more allocation there. I mean, in your base case, do you see that the Belarusians and the Russians cut capacity? Thanks.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Joe, god to hear from you. Our base case actually is pretty darn flat for both world shipments and I'll let Mike expand on that, but also on our shipments. We go down slightly in Canpotex but with the inclusion of the New Brunswick tonnage into Canpotex, I think our overall Canpotex tonnage goes up slightly. And then North America is quite flat for us. So, we're expecting with sort of normal ranges, a very similar year to what we have this year. And Rick or Mike, do you want to expand on the global?
Michael Rahm: The only thing I would point out in terms of our global shipments, we've revised our 2015 estimate to 60.7, largely based on a big surge of imports by China. And our point estimate for 2016 is 59.7. So, we're looking only at about a million ton drop. So, I don’t think there's a great inconsistency there between what we're projecting internally and what we're projecting for the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Go ahead, your line is open.
Chris Parkinson: Good morning, everyone. This is Graeme Lyness on for Chris. I'm just wondering if you could talk to us a little bit on where we stand on the CapEx spent for Esterhazy, like percentagewise versus your total target. And then also wondering longer term, what's the potential there to improve your cost per ton? I know you mentioned that eventually there will be the opportunity to potentially eliminate the buying cost with, just wondering it's that like how much could you potentially bring on a cost per ton? Thanks.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Graeme. Let me just highlight what Esterhazy. It's a little difficult to give an absolute CapEx number because much of it will be going forward will be development money that we spend developing the add-its and the mining area in undergrounded Esterhazy. And that is money we will not be spending at K2 or K1. So, there is a tradeoff there. We have probably about three to $600 million to spend over the next three years, at Esterhazy for the other equipment, like the conveyors, the shaft and development around the shaft. So, I would say those are the expected and then there is a net tax effect. So, overall the net money we're spending, I'm not sure the exact number, but it isn’t the gross number is about 600 million. The thing I'd point out is once we do have that completed, once we have ramped up Esterhazy, if we can remove our total buying cost at some point that is today costing us about $18 a ton across the whole business. So, we see the Esterhazy cost as being extremely competitive, probably some of the best in -- certainly some of the best in North America, once we get this done. Rich, do you want to continue that?
Richard Mack: Yes. The only thing that I would add is just maybe in terms of the total CapEx program at Esterhazy on a percentage basis, where somewhere probably in the low to mid 30% range in terms of completion and then in terms of overall cost. I think as we've commented previously, once K3 is completed, not only will it eliminate obviously the brine info as Joc just noted. But the distances to the main shafts and so forth are going to be significantly closer and the overall operating cost environment for that line will be extremely good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Go ahead, your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar: Yes. Hi, good morning. I think Mike mentioned that North American inventories of P&K are in good shape. One of the retailers complained about the wet fall season that prevented some application, plus, you talked about your FPD program. Given all that, one would think that retail inventories are slightly higher than normal, but maybe you can just talk about how do you see inventories, currently.
James O'Rourke: Thanks for the question P.J. I'm going to hand this to Rick pretty quick here. But I think the inventory buildup is more in the nitrogen suite than it is in the P&K suite. We did not see the same, although we didn’t see a big fall season because of the weather issues that were mentioned. We see it probably a lot of pent up demand and not a lot of inventory moved out to the retailers yet. And Rick, do you want to just expand on that?
Richard McLellan: Yes. Good morning P.J. What you're saying on weather conditions frankly is very regional. But there is big chunks of the U.S. market that need to get product out this spring. And all of them are hoping for an early spring so that they can get at some of that work. I think the biggest thing that will be a challenge in 2016 spring is the fact that dealers have held up placing the inventory in to bins. So, there's bins in out there that are empty. And when everyone starts, it will be where is the inventory, how close is it to them and frankly if everyone comes to the trough at the same time, it's just the inventory is not going to be there. And I think that's a good place for us to be. The other thing is that it will help pricing because inventory in place is going to be worth what people want to pay for it that day as they go to the field. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Sure, I just had a couple of comments. One, I think we'd characterize the fall application season has been generally average, that we didn’t see a major drop off and maybe in pockets here or there, but there are also pockets where it was very good. Case and point talking with one of our larger customers in Eastern corn belt. They actually sold more corns this fall than what their average was. So, I wouldn’t characterize it as necessarily as a poor fall application season. The other factor is with the expectation of corn acres being north of 90 million this year. We think that overall usage in the United States for P&K likely would be up 1% to 2%. And given that, coupled with the fact that there was good hold this fall. We're thinking both well for spring movement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout with CIBC. Go ahead, your line is open.
Jacob Bout: Good morning. Wouldn't mind getting your thoughts on the dividend, specifically as pertains to your capital allocation positions in the context of CapEx share buyback or that type of thing.
James O'Rourke: Thanks, Jacob. Good to hear your voice. I'll hand this over to Rich pretty quickly, but I need to quite to say for my perspective, our capital planning or capital strategy is unchanged. So, with that I'm just going to hand it to Rich to just reiterate our strategy.
Richard McLellan: Sure. And Jacob, our stated philosophy on dividends is we're going to grow the dividend as our business and our earnings grow, obviously in the last 12 to 18 months. It's been a much more challenging environment out there. But in terms of our overall capital management philosophy, I think the dividend is a very important component of it. I think that it is something obviously that is entirely sustainable going forward. And as the cycle turns, we will continue to evaluate that against what our current share price is and make decisions accordingly.
James O'Rourke: And we believe we have strong enough cash flow capabilities through the whole cycle that we can not only pay a reasonable and fair dividend but we can also balance that with our growth opportunities and returning money to shareholders through share buybacks as we demonstrated through our accelerated share repurchase plan that we've announced today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Bank of America. Go ahead, your line is open.
Steve Byrne: Yes. Thank you. I have a couple government actions that I would like you to comment on first being Brazils action last week to release some farmer credit, and with those moneys impact fertilizer demand in the near term. Are you seeing any activity as a result of that? And then the other one being trying this decision to terminate the crop support price there, are you expecting any impact from that action on fertilizer demand in China. How much of that 60 million ton shipment of yours, Mike, worldwide for potash is China versus a year ago level?
James O'Rourke: I'm going to hand that straight to Mike. I think he really has a good hand along our world supply and demand balance. Let me hand that straight to Mike.
Michael Rahm: Well, why don’t you have Rick talk about Brazil?
Richard McLellan: I'll talk about the Brazil credit. And good morning, Steve. I think that I expressed earlier that our team in Brazil is reporting for the second crop corn and second crop period that we've seen demand increases from the 1st of January. And that credit being freed up by the government is very good to see. It's not new credit, its credit that had been announced in last year's budget. But the fact that they freed it up is really quite significant. And we see that as positive. Farmers are still having issues with access to credit, but from our own business we're doing a nice job of managing credit, helping farmers connect themselves with either banks or with barter opportunities. Mike, you want to take the China question?
Michael Rahm: Sure. I guess in terms of what we know, obviously last year the Chinese dropped their corn support price, 10%. But that basically took their support price down from the ground numbers, $10 to $9. We expect that there will be further cuts in that, but it still keeps Chinese support prices for corn at relatively high levels compared to the rest of the world. So, just in terms of farm economics, we think farm economic remain healthy in China. The drop that we are showing in for example in potash shipments relates more to the buildup of inventories in any drop in demand. I think the bigger concern there is making Chinese corn for example more competitive. We'll cut into their imports of corn substitutes, whether it's DDGS, sorghum, barley, or whatever. But by and large, we think Chinese farm economics and the demand drivers there are still okay.
Richard McLellan: Mike, just one thing I'd add is, our local team in China made a point of saying farmers are seeing their support coming from the government not in the support of corn prices but in other subsidies that are replacing that. And so, as Mike said, let me just said, let me just add on to it. The farmer economics in China are really very good today.
James O'Rourke: Okay. So, we have time for probably one more question before we close.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Roberts with UBS. Go ahead, your line is open.
John Roberts: Thank you. [Indiscernible]. I think you gave guidance for a 70% to 80% mine operating rates in potash for the first quarter. That would seem like a pretty wide range given we've only got six weeks left in the quarter?
James O'Rourke: Thanks, John. Yes. Probably is a wider range. We in general give about a 10% range or an estimate on that. But due to the high level of uncertainty in this first quarter, we thought it was prudent to make maybe a little higher range than we would normally give. Rick, do you have any comments on that that you need to add?
Richard McLellan: No, Joc. Just this is Q1 with, it's interesting we could run at higher rates if we see both the Chinese and the Brazilians come back into the market place. But we're putting the range in, so our assumptions on the lower end of the range reflect a little movement into either of those markets.
James O'Rourke: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Let me conclude. Before I even start my concluding remarks, I just want to point out maybe a bit of a Graeme reminded me of a point that we haven’t made much out lately. Which is we are now at 2600 feet deep in our two potash shafts on our way to 3100 feet. So, those projects are getting very near to completion in terms of the two shafts. It's been a very well executed project from our perspective, continues to run right on budget and right on schedule. So, just a call out to our potash team that has really done an extraordinary job of a very complicated big project. So, let me give my conclusions. To conclude our call, I just want to reiterate our key themes. First, we expect Mosaic to emerge as a stronger company from this challenging part of the cycle. Because we built the resilient business. And second, demand for agricultural commodities remain strong because global demand for food continues to grow. And I know we harp on that, but the reality is the whole thing is based on the food story and it continues to grow. So, we have created significant potential to accelerate when business conditions improve and we know the business conditions will improve. So, thank you very much for joining us today. Have great and safe day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference, you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning Walter F. Precourt - Senior Vice President-Potash Operations
Analysts: Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Sandy Klugman - Vertical Research Partners Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch) Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings call. Presenting today will be Joc O'Rourke, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Joc.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings conversation. This morning, I will discuss current market conditions, and then Rich Mack will review our financials and provide our guidance. Before we take your questions, I will provide closing remarks. Mosaic delivered solid results in our seasonally slow third quarter despite a variety of market based challenges. There are three points I want you to know. First, demand for our products remains strong in most parts of the world. We understand investor concerns regarding future potash supply and I will address the supply and demand picture for you shortly. Second, Mosaic continues to execute at a very high level and effectively allocate capital. We are focused on capturing the value of our investments. To put it simply, we believe Mosaic is in an excellent position with significant upside when market sentiments and conditions improve. And third, Mosaic has displayed market leadership and a thoughtful production philosophy for many years. We will continue to pursue a strategy to maximize value. For the quarter Mosaic earned $160 million on net sales of $2.1 billion, compared with earnings of $202 million on net sales of $2.3 billion in the third quarter of 2014. We reported earnings per share of $0.45 this quarter compared to $0.54 a year ago. Adjusted for notable items, primarily the non-cash impact of foreign exchange rates, Mosaic's earnings increased over 10% to $0.62 per share, compared to $0.56 per share last year. Our higher year-over-year adjusted earnings per share despite tougher markets reflect successful cost control efforts, the lower share count resulting from our active share repurchase activities and a lower effective tax rate. So let me turn to the markets, which are quite different from country-to-country, and from product-to-product. The one constant around the world however, for both potash and phosphate is that demand remains strong. We expect total global phosphate shipments to set a new record, and total global potash shipments to decline slightly this year compared with last year's record. That is an important point, demand for fertilizer is underpinned by demand for food and we have no doubt that this demand will continue to grow along with world population. Even if supply outpaces demand for a short period of time, demand will continue its steady upward trajectory. We're seeing this now in the day-to-day operations of farmers all around the world. Going into each of the last several application seasons, market sentiment has been negative with forecasters expecting significant lower fertilizer applications and each season has exceeded expectations for several reasons. First, high nutrient removal rates from the recent record global harvests have required growers to replenish their soils. Second, grain and oilseed prices have remained stable. And third, fertilizers remain necessary and affordable. In addition, challenging macroeconomic factors are not having significant impacts on demand. For example, in Brazil, where the economic and political situation remains volatile, 2015 is expected to be the second best year in history for fertilizer demand. Demand has also remained strong in other key countries, including China and India. Currency devaluation against the dollar have both positive and negative impacts on agribusiness. A strong dollar is a net positive for agricultural regions like Brazil that are large exporters. Growers can pay for many imports in local currency and sell their grains and oilseeds in dollars. In North America, the fall application season is meeting our expectations. Potash shipments to North America in 2015 are expected to be lower than last year, mostly because of built up in retail inventories we saw at the end of 2014. Retailers are working through inventories now, and we are seeing evidence that inventories are reaching low levels. Supply is a different story, and we realize that concerns about future oversupply are driving current equity valuations. We have maintained and we continue to maintain our philosophy to match supply with expected demand, as our decision to curtail production at our Colonsay potash mines demonstrates. It is also worth noting that most of the additional potash supply that is expected to come to market is still years away, so demand will have some time to catch up. Let's put this into context for Mosaic. We have two attractive businesses that are of similar size, in markets expected to experience long-term secular growth. In Potash, we've taken actions to right-size our operations and reduce cost. We are confident in our ability to manage through, if not take advantage of, the current market dynamics. In Phosphates, we've also taken out cost and made significant investments that solidify our leadership position. We believe these investments will continue to drive growth in the years to come. The Phosphates business continues to generate attractive margins and demand is strong. We are ahead of schedule in our work to achieve $500 million in cost savings across the company. And this work is visible on our bottom line. This slide tells the story. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share were higher this year than in 2014, despite lower product prices and overall revenue. Our strategic initiatives, including acquisitions, capacity enhancements, decisions to exit or curtail underperforming assets, and substantial capital returned to shareholders, are delivering the benefits we anticipated. While macroeconomic and agricultural market conditions remain challenging, Mosaic remains in an excellent position to continue to reap the benefits of these initiatives, and has significant leverage to the upside when this market turns more positive. Now I will ask Rich to provide more insights into our results and our guidance for the fourth quarter.
Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Joc. I'll begin today with an overview of our three operating segments. The Phosphates segment continued to generate good results and strong margins. Mosaic's Phosphates shipment volumes for the quarter fell slightly below our expectations with delayed Brazilian demand and cautious buying behavior in North America being a big part of the story. As Joc noted, the global phosphate market remains balanced, and the relatively stable margins support that statement. Cost control, including low cash rock mining costs, continues to be a margin driver. In the Potash segment, our results reflect lower production levels during a seasonally slow demand period when we traditionally take maintenance shutdowns. Having said that, our 20% gross margin rate in this segment reflects excellent cost control. Despite an operating rate of 67%, we produced MOP at a cash cost per tonne of just $105 including $20 per tonne in brine management costs, down 21% from a year ago. In the International Distribution segment, results were better than expected, especially in light of the difficult political and economic situation in Brazil. Gross margin per tonne was $30, which is $4 per tonne above the high end of our guidance range. This quarter we sold more tonnes of product than last year at higher than expected margins capturing time-place utility and leveraging our fixed costs. Now, I'd like to address our capital management. We have repurchased roughly $700 million of Mosaic stock or 15 million shares since the beginning of the year. We repurchased $75 million of our shares during the third quarter in the open market, have over $900 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization, and will continue to be prudent about our share repurchases in the future. We will continue to manage capital carefully and embrace a balanced approach in our allocation across growth initiatives both organic and inorganic as well as shareholder distributions. This is a cyclical business, and the most compelling opportunities present themselves at the bottom of the cycle. With that said, our share price in the mid-$30 range creates a high bar for investments other than our own stock. Now let's move on to our guidance for the fourth quarter. You can clearly see the guidance on the current slide, so unlike prior quarters, I won't go through the details and instead focus on assumptions, risks and opportunities. In Phosphates we anticipate that both the upside and the downside on sales volumes will come from North America, which will represent a higher proportion of expected sales in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. If you recall, earlier in the year, we diverted tonnes that were destined for North America to the export market, which Mosaic and our size, has the ability to do. As the fall season progresses, our guidance assumes more tonnes will be needed here domestically. We expect relatively stable margins in the fourth quarter as lower realized prices are largely offset by lower raw material costs. In our International Distribution business, Brazilian credit availability is the swing factor in our volume assumptions for the fourth quarter. Because of the relatively high proportion of fixed costs, higher volumes positively impact margins per tonne, as does a higher proportion of MicroEssentials in our sales. Finally, swings in the Brazilian reais have an impact on local currency costs. Our forecasted margins do not anticipate any appreciable strengthening in the reais. In Potash, our volume guidance is below last year's levels because, unlike last year, we do not expect dealers in North America to build inventories late in the year. Similar to Phosphates, albeit to a lesser extent, we expect higher sales volumes domestically compared to the quarter we just finished. These assumptions are incorporated into our pricing guidance. Margins are expected to be in the mid-20% range, reflecting both lower realized prices and our decision to hold back production to match market demand. The mechanical failure at our Esterhazy K1 shaft is expected to take three weeks to four weeks to repair, and we have accelerated other work that was originally planned to occur during a maintenance shutdown in December. As a result, we don't expect this event to impact our sales in the fourth quarter or impact our ability to meet expected demand in early 2016. For the remainder of 2015, our annual guidance ranges are as follows: Canadian resource taxes and royalties are expected to be in the range of $265 million to $295 million, down from $310 million to $350 million. Brine management costs have also been revised down to the range of $170 million to $180 million from $180 million to $200 million. Capital expenditures and investments are now expected to range from $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, down from $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. Our SG&A expense range is now estimated to be $350 million to $370 million, down from $360 million to $380 million. And our effective tax rate expectations were lowered to be in the mid to high teens range. Our outlook for 2016 includes the expectation of stability in our markets based on growing demand. Demand for our products is not predicated upon construction of bridges and roads in China, but on the need to eat. We expect demand for our products to grow. The rate of growth will vary from year-to-year, but over time, we are confident in a 2% to 3% average annual growth rate. Our first look at 2016 producer shipments is yet another example of this trend. The issues we face are not demand driven, as demand in 2016 is expected to be the second highest on record. The concern we hear about, the new supply many investors worry about, is fairly limited until 2017. During the next two years, we expect demand to continue to grow and over a longer period of time we expect demand to consume much of the excess supply. In the meantime, Mosaic will continue to embrace our operating philosophy of producing only what is needed by our customers. So, I would like to summarize my comments by reiterating Joc's main point earlier. There is no doubt that markets are challenging on several fronts, but Mosaic has made and will continue to make notable progress. We have a realistic market outlook and are taking actions to position the company to excel. With that, I'll return the call back to Joc for his closing comments. Joc?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Rich. Over the past several years, we have experienced a wide array of challenges from the external environments. Agriculture specifically, and commodities in general, are currently facing headwinds from several sources. Mosaic's growth story is driven by the execution of our strategy and reaping the benefits of investments we've made and continue to make. We believe it is a compelling growth story. At Mosaic, we have worked to optimize our business portfolio, reduce our cost, invested in additional capacity the market will demand, and returned significant capital to shareholders. We have also maintained a strong balance sheet that gives us the ability to take advantage of compelling opportunities that arise at the low part of the cycle. We understand that success in this business requires an operating foundation that will not crack when times are tough, but Mosaic is not just resilient. The moves we have made over the past decade and increasingly during the last two years, have also constructed a powerful engine for growth. Mosaic is in a great position. We believe we have the strongest combination of talent, assets, financial strength, and global reach in our industry. We intend to use that strength to our advantage, now, and as business and economic conditions improve. We intend to maintain our discipline, build on our leadership and continue to execute at the highest level possible. In my three months as Mosaic's CEO, I've traveled to meet with a wide range of our stakeholders, customers, shareholders, employees and others in our industry. I've heard a lot of concern about the current markets and the short-term. But I'll say this, I've also seen and heard a lot of reasons to be optimistic, for the industry, and especially for Mosaic. The short-term situation is not as nearly as dire as market sentiment seems to expect and the long-term remains extremely compelling. Demand for our product will continue to grow and we're managing this company to meet that demand efficiently. And don't forget, Mosaic has many advantages, from our industry-leading premium products portfolio to the earnings leverage our recent strategic moves will provide in better markets, the CF and ADM acquisitions, the Ma'aden joint venture, the decisions we made to exit higher cost businesses and the capital we've returned to shareholders, all provide real opportunities to grow our bottom line. From my perspective we're executing very well and our future looks great. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: On your production curtailments, could this have an impact on your market share in other phosphates or potash markets, and – or do you expect similar production curtailments from other producers globally? And then, longer term, how do you think about the economics of curtailments, having lower volumes versus better pricing compared to like a volume over pricing kind of strategy? Thanks.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Andrew. I'm going to start by making a couple of comments, and then I'm going to hand it over to Rick McLellan to talk. But let me talk first about market share. I wouldn't say that Mosaic gets too focused on market share. What we focus on is serving our customers well and optimizing the value from the tonnes that we sell. So I don't like to be characterized as either pushing for market share or pushing for price. I think they're interchangeable in many respects, and you're really pushing for value. What we have done, as you've seen, is we've looked at what the market needs from our perspective and we've aligned our production to that level. In the short term, that's things like the shutdown of Colonsay for a temporary shutdown. In the long term, it's the permanent moves we've made such as curtailing production of MOP at Carlsbad and selling our Hersey operations. So we've really positioned from a perspective of developing a long-term view of where the market is going to go and serving that market well. In terms of where we sit next year, I'm just going to leave that for Rick for a second.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Okay. Thanks, Joc. As we look at our planning, we don't just look at the quarters. We look forward at least 18 months, and Joc's done a good job of describing what we do with our customer base, both globally and in North America, and we plan our production to meet their needs. And we do several things to make sure that – there's a lot of times where people try and shoot ducks when there's none flying or sell into a vacuum. We take the point of we'd rather match up when people are buying to when we're producing, and we've done that so far this year. And as we look forward for 2016, everything we're doing today is on a look of being sure that we can provide our customers the products when they need it and produce it to optimize our returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions on your North American Potash strategy. Joc, can you remind us of the advantages of the consignment strategy that you employ? And do others follow a similar strategy, or is there a potential competitive risk there? And then my second question is, is there a possibility to start securing long-term MOUs with U.S. customers, and if not, why not? Thank you.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So first of all, we do not use a consignment – sorry. Thanks, Ben. Good to hear you. We don't use a consignment process. What we use is what we call FPD, which is future price deferred. So what we're doing to allow for the efficient logistics, we use customer space for our best customers, we ship to them and then decide on price when the product is actually getting used. Others may use other strategies, and I really wouldn't talk to their strategies. I believe our strategy is a good balance between making the product available in the market to give us the time-place utility that we need to be efficient while still giving us good economic results. I'll ask Rick to go further.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. I think part of the question you asked was on MOUs with customers. And I just – I'll spend a couple of minutes there and then I'll go back and add a couple of points to where Joc – Joc's points. Right now, we have three-year planning agreements with our top customers. Those aren't contracts, but they are agreements and we build in incentives against those agreements, we build in the portfolio of products we offer. So rather than have formalized MOUs, we have three-year planning agreements with most of our main customers. We think that better reflects a way for us to go to market. The second piece is – and Joc talked about, you asked whether it put us at a competitive disadvantage versus other programs like price protection that are being offered out there. Frankly, with the customers we work with, what we recognize in a quarter is what we've revenue recognized, not what we've shipped and billed at provisional prices. And we think that's a much better way for us to operate a business and our customers to make sure they take advantage of the use of their space.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Good morning, guys. I want to stay in North America so, looking at your guidance for 2016, your numbers for 2015, potash demand will be down 3 million tonnes this year and you've lost about 1 million tonnes of share, all in North America, your Canpotex partner, PotashCorp is about flat. So my question is who else lost market share in 2015? You guys took a big hit of it. Why was that the right strategy? And looking to 2016, do you see gaining 3 million tonnes back in the global market. Do you think you'll be able to gain back that 1 million tonnes and where will those 3 million tonnes come from? Thanks.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, this will be another one I'm going to put over to – sorry, hi, Joel, good to hear you. I'll put this back to Rick as well. I think there's a couple things I want to point out before I give it to Rick though, and the first is we saw this in the first half of the year where in the slower part, first quarter it appeared that our market share was behind. And I think that's got something to do with how we revenue rec as opposed to our competitors. And then, in the second quarter what we found is that that was basically made up. We expect we'll see similar things in this year, so in the second half of the year. So ultimately, I don't think it's quite legitimate to look at quarter-by-quarter market shares. I think they vary, and again, we've got long term plans with our customers. And as long we're meeting those long-term plans with our customers, we expect that we'll do fine. And I guess the other aspect is where are those imports would be the other aspect of market that we have to look at. And frankly, the imports are playing a bit of a disruptive role, and we'll have to look at how we manage that in the next year. We'll be pushing that out.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: And Joel, I think Joc's done a good job of it. You need to separate revenue recognized sales from shipments. And that's where things will get corrected in the fourth quarter.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: And can I ask Mike Rahm just to give us a view on where the 2016 mark is going for potash? I think that's also important here.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: Sure. Yeah. We're projecting a point estimate of about 62 million tonnes, and that's up roughly 3 million tonnes from our 59.1 million point estimate. And I guess I would characterize the growth as not getting a grand slam from anyone, but just very consistent singles from all of the major buyers. I think we've laid out in terms of the big five importers, China, India, Malaysia, Indonesia and Brazil, we expect moderate increases in all of those. And I think that really has tied into our view of Ag commodity prices. We see a very balanced global agricultural outlook. We think acreage and the technology applied to crops will need to continue to increase and underpin decent demand prospects.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jacob Bout from CIBC. Your line is open.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets, Inc.: Had a question here on Esterhazy, and maybe talk a bit about some of the operational issues you have there. It sounds like you have some problems with the skip there. And maybe you can talk also as well a bit on K3, how that is working, what do you have left to spend, and does it make sense at this point to either speed that up or, the development of that, or to slow it down?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jacob. Okay. I'm going to hand over the details of the Esterhazy skip to Walt Precourt, who's on the call here today. But before I do, again, I'll say, as Rich said in his comments, this is a – we had a failure of a skip in – a mechanical failure of the skip at Esterhazy's K1. We have accelerated some maintenance work, and we were looking at lower production rates to make sure our inventories were in line anyway. So we don't see any impact to speak of either in this quarter or in the first quarter of next year. So that's the first point. In terms of K3 spend, I just want to say today we are pushing K3 at the reasonable safe rate we can. You have to realize, we're sinking shaft and you only have approximately 20 feet of working area, 20 feet of diameter, and we're sinking that shaft. So there's very little opportunity to accelerate at this stage beyond that. But once we get into K3, we'll certainly be accelerating the development. So with that, I'm going to ask Walt to just talk a little bit more about the skip mechanical failure.
Walter F. Precourt - Senior Vice President-Potash Operations: Hi, Jacob. So as you pointed out, we did have a mechanical issue with one of the Esterhazy K1 skips last week. And although the skip itself was damaged, there was minimal infrastructure damage, so we're very confident that we'll resume full K1 production later this month. And we do expect that the repair cost will really be de minimis. In terms of your question with respect to K3, we have about US$1.7 billion left to spend on that entire project.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Sorry. So I guess my question on Phosphates, and hoping to get a little bit of color on some of the uncertainty you have about the North American market in the fourth quarter, and generally as you think about 2016, provide some high level comments on different demand outlooks, India in particular, an area that seems to be a bit of a wild card today. Thank you.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I'm just going to hand that straight to Mike Rahm to talk about the markets, and then Rick to add color.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: In terms of fourth quarter shipments in North America, I think we've been pleasantly surprised and pleased with the anecdotal reports that we're getting in from the field that the fall application season has met or exceeded expectations. And obviously, that's not a shocker in the sense that we've had a great crop come off, so lots of nutrients have been removed. We've had a fairly long open application window to get fertilizer down. So we think a fair number of tonnes of P and K are going down this fall. Then I guess while you're talking about phosphate, I think what's really important on the potash side of things, we think we're working down the increase in channel inventories that we saw last year. Shifting to 2016, you've seen our projections. For phosphate, we expect that shipments will increase from about 65.5 million tonnes this year to a range of 66 million tonnes to 68 million tonnes and our point estimate is right smack dab in the middle of that at 66.9 million tonnes. And in terms of some of the markets, yeah, we do expect a decent rebound, particularly in those markets that saw a little bit of a channel build last year, Brazil. We see continued growth in India. We think over the past several years, their channel has been pulled down to very low levels, and we're talking about the channel primarily at the small retail shop, the tens of thousands of shops across India that have 30, 40 bags in the back storage room. So we think that has been drawn down, and they're going to buy the amount that they actually use as opposed to rely on inventory. And I guess similar to the comment we made earlier, I think we see lots of singles in 2016 as opposed to a grand slam or strikeouts in some of these markets. And as a consequence, the growth that we're projecting is made up of moderate increases in most of the main markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sandy Klugman from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Sandy Klugman - Vertical Research Partners: Good morning. A question on industry supply discipline. We've definitely been seeing signs of it in the potash industry, but what are your expectations for how competitors in the phosphate industry will manage production? In particular, I'm thinking about levels out of China and how you expect OCP to manage supply given the increases to their granulation capacity?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, I'm going to start off. Thank you, Sandy. I'm going to start off just a couple of comments, and then again hand it to Mike to give a bit of a world S and D discussion. But what I would say on phosphates though, certainly, China has continued to increase their exports, probably beyond what either we or some of the major analysis firms like CRU would have expected. But having said that, the demand has required it. I believe China has increased their exports by about 1.6 million tonnes, and India has taken up all that as excess for there. So that's the first step of it. If I look forward going in P, we don't see a huge amount of new production coming on for the next year or two, and yet the market continues to grow at 1.5 million or so tonnes per year. So we continue to see that market as very constructive and a very good market to be in. Mike, can you give more color?
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: Sure. Just – let me just start by talking about China. Joc mentioned those numbers, and I think those are from July or August. I took a look at numbers this morning. When you look at year-to-date exports from China, they're up 3.3 million tonnes, and we think for the year, China will probably export somewhere in that 9.5 million to 10 million tonne mark. And while that's a big increase, as Joc mentioned, the market really is requiring that. And in particular, if you look at India and their increase in DAP imports, those have increased 3.1 million tonnes during the same period, so – and particularly, if you look at China's phosphate exports and look at just the DAP component, DAP exports have increased 2.7 million tonnes, Indian DAP imports have increased 3.1 million tonnes. So there is a draw coming from India that China is meeting. The other thing I think that we've said before is that on the demand side, we see very steady growth in phosphate demand. And on the supply side, there are really some very interesting dynamics taking place. While China has increased their exports, if you look at other major producers, there have been some real significant declines in supply. So, in North America, we've had two facilities close down, so we've had the full impact of the closure of Mississippi Phosphates this year, so another 700,000 tonnes lost there. We've had the – a full-year impact of the White Springs plant closing. And then if you look around the world, there have been outages or hiccups in many different countries, whether it's Tunisia with some of the political unrest there that has disrupted production, whether it's in – just some hiccups in places like Jordan, South Africa, Senegal, Mexico, you name it. There have been supply disruptions. And then, in terms of the bigger players like Ma'aden, Ma'aden I, continues to ramp up. It still hasn't reached full capacity. So it's sort of leveled off at two-thirds of capacity, if you will. And the Moroccans are bringing on capacity but at a much slower rate than expected. Whether that's planned or unplanned, who knows. But the bottom line is, their first hub just started up a few months ago. And as we understand, the granulation plant is not running there yet. And secondly, if you look at some of the other hubs, they're not scheduled to come on for several months or even years. And I think all of that is evident when you look at margins. In this business, we're focused on what we call the stripping margin. And the difference between the price of DAP and the price of sulfur and ammonia in a tonne of DAP – and if you look at that, margins in the fourth quarter, and if you calculate them based on current spot prices that are published, they're up about $40 from a year ago. And if you look at margins throughout calendar year 2015, they have been incredibly constant at between about $265 and $275 per tonne. So I think the best proof in terms of the positive or constructive phosphate fundamentals is in what stripping margins have done and they've reflected the stronger fundamentals in phosphate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Byrne from BoA Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Stephen Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. When you look at heterogeneity of P and K nutrient levels within North American cultivated fields. How do you look at the potential impact of variable rate fertilizer applications of P and K on demand? Do you think that there could be a net increase in demand or net reduction in demand as growers focus more on that heterogeneity?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm going to hand that over to Mike right away, but I'm going to first just say that, look, we see technical advances like variable rate application and precision agriculture as ultimately a very good thing. We believe the demand for our fertilizer in the plant is all about – if you get too technical, about the sociometric needs of the plant and the fertility of the soil. So if we can have that fertility of the soil be more exact, then we believe overall, it will neither hurt nor help our overall consumption but will ensure the best productivity for the farmer.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: And I think that's the only comment I would have, if you look at the numbers, shipments in North America of both the main phosphate and potash products have really been pretty consistent over time in big round numbers. About 9 million metric tonnes of MOP and about 9 million metric tonnes of the main solid phosphate fertilizers get shipped every year. And there might be some swings from year-to-year in the pipeline and so forth, but on average, that's more or less what goes down. So, I think that the widespread use of variable rate technologies, which have been around now for 10 years, 15 years, I think have been to optimize that on farm fields. So, I think more of it gets spread on the better land that has upside in terms of yield potential, less probably gets spread on the sandy hillsides. But the bottom-line is net-net, shipments have remained about the same. Rick, do you have any comments?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: The only thing I would add is that this technology, the variable rate technology has been around for a while. And frankly, it has been helpful to getting the right nutrients in the right place for the growing crop. And we see, as the adoption rates get higher going forward, that being very positive for both P and K application rates overall across North America.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Carson from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes, I want to go to your slide 12 where you talk about your potash shipment outlook. You've got an increase in 2016 to 61 million to 63 million tonnes from 59 million this year. What's your price assumption there? Are we finally seeing some price elasticity benefit from lower potash prices, I mean, you're down about $100 domestically and presumably you're forecasting lower offshore pricing next year as well. So I'm just wondering if you can comment on the price elasticity dynamic and the impact on demand?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: So I'm going to hand it to Mike in a second, but on the price elasticity, I think we've probably been a bit surprised that there is more elasticity than we might have expected. And in terms of price, I think it's a little early to come up with an exact price for next year. But I would say, first of all, the potash oversupply concerns, I believe are a bit overblown. I mean, this year, we started with high inventory. As the shipments go up next year, we start with a little lower inventory. I believe that market is going to be a lot better balanced and I don't believe the downward pressure people are talking about will really be there. So I'm going to let Mike give a little more of the detail of that and how we came up with our forecast. But I think it is a good story.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: And in terms of the underlying price assumptions there, Don, I think we're beginning to see some stabilization in potash prices. They have come down a great deal, and our expectation is that they will stabilize. And I guess how they play out in 2016 will depend on a lot of factors, I think the most important of which is agricultural commodity prices. And I guess the reason why we see prices stabilizing here is that we are working through those large channel inventories from last year. As you see in the numbers, gosh, we had a 9 million tonne increase in shipments. And I think, you're probably familiar with all the reasons for that, but when you go back and take a look at what was happening in 2014, we ended 2013 with virtually an empty pipeline, given the announcement on July 30, 2013. Everyone was waiting for prices to move where advertised. And eventually, people stopped buying, and the pipeline was pulled down. Then we got into 2014 with all of the weather and shipment concerns in North America. Prices began to increase, and everyone jumped back into the market. Net result, big increase in channel inventories, especially in North America, Brazil, and even Indonesia and Malaysia. We're working through those right now. So, I think we'll start 2016 with the pipeline in much better shape than certainly a year ago. And then in addition to that, I think – we've been saying what has really pressured potash prices this year are two factors: one, being the channel inventories; the second, being the collapse of key potash currencies. And hopefully in 2016, we'll see a little bit greater stability on the macroeconomic front, and we think that will be constructive. And then, if these forecasts are on target, we should see about a 3 million tonne rebound, we think, in shipments. Put that all together, and I think it points to a situation where prices begin to stabilize a bit and we see a very balanced situation between what's required to ship and the actual demand out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I think I have a question for Rich Mack. The operating cash flow through the nine months has been $1.5 billion this year versus $1.8 billion last year, and the cash flow from operating activities this quarter was only $184 million, even though D&A plus net income is about $340 million. What's going on with your working capital that's leading to such a large cash drain? And how do you see your operating cash flow for the year versus last year or your free cash flow for the year versus last year, this year?
Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Jeff. Well, for the year, we don't expect any difference really between our performance in operating cash flow this year compared to last. For the quarter, we had some just movement in working capital when you compare it to last year. We had some strong trends in working capital movements when you compare it to this year. But in the end, our operating cash flow performance for the nine months is very strong for Mosaic, and we continue to be a cash generator in both of our businesses. And I think that's going to be part of our story going forward in terms of continuing strong operating cash flow, a reduction in our capital expenditure profile over time, and an increasing free cash flow story.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yonah Weisz from HSBC. Your line is open.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch): Yes. Hello. Good morning. A question for Joc. In your comments at the start of this call, you talked about Mosaic's balance sheet and ability to use the balance sheet, thinking about new opportunities at the low point in the cycle. Earlier on this year at Mosaic's Investor Day, your predecessor, Jim, was asked I think a similar question about use of balance sheet and perhaps M&A, and he implied that really no chance for M&A in potash and maybe here or there a few bolt-on acquisitions in phosphates. On other hand, if you're talking about use of balance sheet, I'm wondering is there a change in philosophy at Mosaic with regards to M&A? And if so, could you talk a bit about what you'd be interested in? Thank you very much.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Look, our capital philosophy, Yonah, has not changed in the last year. We're certainly looking first at making sure we maintain a reasonable liquidity buffer, that we keep our credit rating in really good shape, that we meet our debt ratios that we have set, the 1.5 times to 2 times EBITDA to debt. So none of that has changed. And as we've probably said, at the bottom of cycles, that really opens up, let's say, more opportunities. There's more things out there that look like they might be well-priced for the people who have the balance sheet to take advantage of it. But as Rich said in his comments, I would emphasize that when we trade – when our stock is trading low like this, our bar becomes even higher because we have to measure any expenditure against the benefit of buying back our own shares. So we've been very disciplined about that, and we will continue to be very disciplined about it. But if there is a great opportunity for our shareholders, we're going to explore it carefully. And if it makes sense and adds value long term, we will certainly be looking at that. In terms of specifics, we don't like to talk about specifics. But be known that the general philosophy has not changed, the discipline has not changed, but our opportunities may be higher.
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): It's Dan Jester on for P.J. If you look at realized prices for potash over time, it seems like the premium in the North America market maybe has come in (50:20) a bit compared to the rest of the world. So I'm just wondering if structurally the North American market is going to get more competitive from here? And if I can sneak a second one in, maybe, Mike, can you just comment about the longer-term ability of Chinese phosphate exports to be maintained at this high level? Thanks.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Dan. I'm going to hand this over to Mike pretty quick. But I'll say, look, we live in a competitive market. And from time to time, if the competition is higher, those – if you call it a premium, they're all about, again, time-place, utility, cost to serve that market. And so, from time-to- time, that premium, as you call it, will change based on free market dynamics. I think the structural reasons for a higher price in North America, being it's a granular market, being that there is some logistics challenges to get into the mid-U.S., justify the difference in price. But that won't always be there day-to-day. And so with that, I'm going to hand it to Mike to give some...
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Sure.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: And I think – Hi, P.J. or P.J.'s substitute here. I think we've said in the past, I mean, the fair comparison is looking at the blend grade price delivered to the U.S. Gulf as well as Brazil. And if you look at current spot prices, you're exactly right that that differential has more or less dissipated. In particular, if you look at a NOLA barge price of $270 per short tonne versus a Brazil C&F price of roughly $290. For the Russian or Belarusian supplier, Brazil actually gives them a little bit better netback. So, I would say that, yes, we've seen some adjustments in that – in prices to sort of turn off the beacon in terms of attracting tonnes to North America. And I think that's certainly evident in terms of our price – our import forecast. If you look at the 2014-2015 fertilizer year, the U.S. imported about 1.7 million metric tonnes of MOP from offshore sources. And not only Russians, but every potash producer around the globe seemed to place a few tonnes in the U.S. We think that's going to drop about 600,000 tonnes to 1.1 million, 1.0 million tonnes this year. And one of the main reasons for that is the dissipation of that differential. And if you look at the numbers for the first three months of our fertilizer year, namely the third calendar quarter, imports are down about 150,000 tonnes from last year. So we're on a pace to reduce imports from offshore sources by the amount that we have. And then, again, if global shipments increase 3 million tonnes, there's going to be kind of a natural pull of some of these tonnes that have come into North America into other markets that are better markets for them. And then your second question in terms of long-term Chinese exports: obviously, we've seen a big surge this year, driven largely by the rebound in Indian demand as well as the supply problems that we talked about earlier. I think longer term, we expect that those are not going to be in that 10 million tonne range, but probably something closer to 6 million, 7 million tonnes. We think there will be structural adjustments that take place in the Chinese phosphate industry. Chinese producers are very heterogeneous in the sense that there are some very efficient low-cost players, there are some medium-cost players, and there are some high-cost players. So we think that they will see some restructuring, and that longer term 10 million tonnes is not the number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Neel Kumar calling in for Vincent. I just wanted to talk a little bit about what's going on in India and China on potash. We've been reading about Indian buyers looking for a contract discount. Do you see that as a possibility? And in regards to China, how has the reimplementation of VAT affected domestic consumption?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sorry, Neel. I missed the second part of your question. It broke up a little bit. Oh, the VAT. Okay. I think I got it. It sounds like somebody's got that. Okay. Well, I'm going to hand that straight over to Rick to answer. I think that's probably right up his alley. So Rick, why don't you just take that?
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. Good morning, Neel. If you are asking about the Indian and Chinese contracts, frankly it's a bit too early to talk about those, but we do see good demand. If you look overall, we've seen increased demand or solid demand, 14 million tonnes in China for product. So the product that is being shipped is going to the ground. And indications on the impact of VAT have been frankly de minimis from what we've been able to pick up. They have to work through inventory. There was a transitional VAT cost for inventory. And so, overall, we think it'll take a little bit of time to work through. But where potash is priced versus other nutrients, there's high inclusion rates on – in NPKs for potash.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: And, Rick, can I just add one thing? If you look at grain prices in China, I mean, the government supports them at extraordinarily high levels. There had been a lot of, I think, focus on their September 18 announcement that they were going to reduce the corn support price by 10%. They've reduced it to RMB 2,000 per metric tonne. That's the equivalent of about $8.70 per bushel. So their support price is still more than double what current prices are. So in terms of a 13% VAT, while it certainly increases the pain for the Chinese farmers to buy phosphate and other fertilizers, the farm economics there are very good, and we really don't see that denting demand all that much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. And congratulations on starting out on such a nice note. Good first quarter, say, for a new CEO.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Jonas.
Jonas Oxgaard - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Pleasure. Question, I think it's been asked but I want to phrase a little bit differently, when you're thinking about Colonsay what would the world look like for you to restart it, when will you restart it?
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, thank you, Jonas, and again, thank you for the comment. But just before I do this, I think this will be probably our – either our last or second to last question as we get to the end of the hour but – so Colonsay, look, what we will be looking at is I have to take a step back. We have a very comprehensive process for doing what we call integrated business planning. And that integrated business planning looks at our production capabilities, it looks at where we make the product, what product we're making, so it's done on a site-by-site basis for production. It's done on a product-by-product basis for production. We also look at the markets that we're serving and how those look on the quarter all the way out to multi-year. So with both of those – and then you have the logistics in between but that very comprehensive process we take a look at how we're going to add the next – the most value over the next period of time. Now clearly, if the market requires it and we see it as adding real value to our shareholders, we will add production. But as Rick said earlier today on one of the earlier questions, there is very little value in selling into a market when there's no demand. And in the third quarter, it's just refilling, it's just getting ready for the fall application season. So what we find in general is if you try and stuff product into that market, all you do is destroy price and value. So we would rather wait until there really is the demand out there.
James O'Rourke - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, I think it's probably – as we are at the hour, it's time for a wrap up. And all I'm going to say in the wrap up is, look, we see the future long-term as extremely bright. We do believe in the food story. We believe in the secular long-term trend of higher population, greater wealth around the world leading to higher demand for food which leads to higher demand for our product. And with that, I think Mosaic is extremely well-positioned to take advantage of that, and we will continue to focus on operational excellence, on delivering to our customers, and making sure we execute against our strategy. So thank you very much for listening, and we'll hear from you again in a quarter. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning Mark J. Isaacson - Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel
Analysts: Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch) P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Don D. Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank GBM Joel D. Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada) Andrew D. Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc. Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura C. Gagnon - Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you and welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Joc O'Rourke, our Chief Operating Officer who will be taking over as President and CEO tomorrow; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have other members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. The presentation slides we're using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, good morning. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. We will take a slightly different approach today. I will review our results and discuss current market conditions, and then Rich Mack will provide financial insight and our guidance. Before we take your questions, Joc O'Rourke who will succeed me as Mosaic's CEO effective tomorrow, will provide the outlook for the second half of 2015. Let's get right to it. Our results for the quarter provide a glimpse of what today's Mosaic can accomplish with even small improvements in agricultural market conditions. We have three key messages for you today. First, the many strategic moves we've undertaken over the past couple of years have created substantial earnings leverage for Mosaic. Second, we are executing our strategy across our operations almost flawlessly. And third, our strong results are just a glimpse of Mosaic's future. The earnings growth trajectory is evident and it was a much greater promise for our shareholders in the years to come. For the quarter, Mosaic earned $391 million on net sales of $2.5 billion compared with earnings of $248 million on sales of $2.4 billion a year ago. The earnings improvement were driven by a higher conflict sales volumes and higher realized potash prices, in addition to lower operating costs. We earned $1.08 per share; that number benefited from the lower share count resulting from aggressive repurchase activity. Importantly, we continue to deliver strong operating cash flow with $583 million generated in the second quarter. I would like to point that our earnings per share for this second quarter, net of disclosed items, were higher than our earnings per share for the second quarter of 2013, which ended before the breakup of the BPC marketing organization. Potash prices are about $100 per ton lower than they were then, and grain and oilseed prices as well, as grower economics are weaker today. That's a stark indication of our progress and of our ability to thrive across market cycles. How did we accomplish these improvements? I won't recount all the actions we've taken, but suffice it to say, we made timely, valuable acquisitions and we integrated them seamlessly. We optimized our portfolio by selling or exiting less profitable businesses, which significantly improved our cost structure. We've made good progress on our goal to generate cost savings of $500 million from both operating units and the corporate functions. And we returned meaningful capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. I know that Mosaic will not rest on these laurels, but I will leave it to Joc to talk about the future. Business conditions overall improved during the quarter, but markets have diverged in different regions of the world. In North America, where farmers defied Wall Street expectations and planted enough acreage to deliver another very large crop, overly abundant rain in the Eastern corn belt damaged corps and led to swings in grain and oilseed prices. These recent swings have not changed our expectations for strong second half fertilizer sales. The spring fertilizer application season in North America played out as we expected it would. Farmers who planted crops fertilized them to maximize yield. However, high beginning channel inventories led to lower sales in North America in the first half. The lone soft spot among our major markets was Brazil, where economic issues delayed fertilizer demand. The volatile real, the weak overall economy, and a temporary freeze on farm credit led to paralysis. Now, with better credit availability and stable grain prices enticing farmers, demand is slowly emerging, which bodes well for our second half of the year. In India, the strong demand we expected has developed. Second quarter DAP imports were up 178% to 2.6 million tonnes. We increased our expectations and now anticipate that India will import 5.5 to 6 million tonnes of phosphate and 4.5 to 5 million tonnes of potash this year, up significantly over 2014. Indian farmers are enjoying a relatively strong year with ample monsoon rains and good growing conditions in most areas of the country. Chinese potash demand has also met our expectations and Canpotex is shipping against its record 1.8 million tonne contract. Overall, this was a good quarter for Mosaic and for the agricultural markets in most of the world. For quite some time, we have been demonstrating Mosaic's resilience in tough times. And now, we are beginning to see the power of our franchise in better markets. Now, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Rich Mack, for more insight into the quarter, our capital, and our guidance. Rich?
Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Jim. With this as your last earnings call, on behalf of Mosaic's 9,000 plus employees across the globe, thank you so much for your dedicated leadership and service to Mosaic. We will certainly miss you. Now, turning to business for the quarter, I'll begin today with some detail on our three operating segments. The Phosphates segment continued to generate strong operating results, with high sales volumes and relatively stable prices for both our finished products and raw materials. Market forces are only part of the story in phosphates. Our improved margin rate in the segment was also driven by high operating rates, excellent cost control, and solid day-to-day operating performance. The average DAP selling price during the quarter was $450 per tonne, down from $465 last year. Raw material prices held their first quarter declines, though we do expect market prices for sulfur and ammonia to increase modestly in the second half of the year. We've been expressing that our Phosphates business underappreciated by the market and we're continuing to make notable strides in delivering results in this segment. In the Potash segment, our margins remained strong, despite the lack of price improvement. Our MOP cash cost per tonne remained very attractive, at $89 per tonne, which includes $18 per tonne of brine management expenses. These low costs are driven by running our low cost Canadian mines at higher operating rates, exiting higher cost MOP production in the US, a foreign currency tailwind, and by meaningful, durable cost reductions. In the International Distribution segment, our higher volumes were driven by the ADM acquisition in Brazil and Paraguay, with integration now essentially complete. Lower margins in the segment primarily reflect the impact of declining prices and delayed fertilizer demand in Brazil, partially offset by the impact of the weaker local currency on expenses. Now, I'll move on to our balance sheet and capital. Our balance sheet remained strong, and we are within our targeted leverage ratio range. We have approximately $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents at the end of the second quarter, and Mosaic continues to be a very strong generator of cash flow. We expect this to continue as we reap the benefits of our recent growth investments and expense management initiatives. This cash has driven significant returns for our shareholders as you can see on the slide. Our capital allocation philosophy, which is balanced between investments for growth and shareholder distributions, is enhancing our growth and contributing to our increased earnings leverage. Subsequent to quarter-end, we completed our $500 million accelerated share repurchase program. Going forward, we expect to continue normal open market repurchases under the remaining $1 billion in authorization with any activity being reported out during our regular reporting cycle. Now, let's move on to our guidance for the third quarter. In Phosphates, we expect our gross margin rate to remain in the low 20% range. We expect operating rates in Phosphates to be in the mid-80% range. Sales volumes are expected to range from 2.1 to 2.4 million tonnes for the third quarter compared with actual sales of 2.2 million tonnes in the third quarter of 2014. DAP prices are expected to be in the range of $435 to $455 per tonne. We now expect full year volumes to be at the upper end of our initial estimate at 9.5 to 10.0 million tonnes. International Distribution sales volumes are expected to be in the range of 1.9 to 2.2 million tonnes with a gross margin of $20 to $26 per tonne. We narrowed full year volume expectations to be in the range of 6.0 to 6.5 million tonnes. In Potash, we anticipate continuing strong global demand. Increased potash affordability is driving increased applications. North American demand is expected to be strong in the second half and we expect Canpotex to ship record tonnes this year. During the third quarter, we intend to produce at reduced rates because of planned turnarounds at our Canadian mines. During this period, we expect to draw down inventories throughout the quarter. We expect operating rates in Potash to be in the mid-60% range and sales volumes to be in the range of 1.6 to 2.0 million tonnes during the third quarter, compared with actual sales of 1.8 million tonnes in the same period of 2014. With the slower start to the first half of 2015, we now expect full year Potash volumes to range from 8.2 to 8.6 million tonnes. Average realized prices are expected to be in the range of $260 to $280 per tonne with the gross margin rate to be in the low 20% range. Both the operating rate and the gross margin rate are in line with last year, as a result of the lower production rates in the seasonally slower third quarter. Our expectation for full-year SG&A costs also remains unchanged at $360 million to $380 million. We continue to make good progress on our cost savings initiatives across the company, and we are ahead of schedule as we work towards our goal of achieving $500 million in savings by 2018. Our estimate for Canadian resource taxes and royalties has been lowered to $310 million to $350 million in part as a result of a higher expected mix of lower priced standard product. We've also lowered the top-end of our capital expenditure and investment guidance for 2015 with such guidance now being between $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion. All other guidance ranges remain unchanged. I should note that projected capital costs for our Saudi Arabian joint venture have been revised, and are now estimated to be about $8 billion, which is about $500 million more than the initial estimates. Keep in mind this is a project finance deal, so our incremental cash equity contributions will be less than $40 million. Nevertheless, the project remains strategic and financially compelling to Mosaic. We considered the potential for costs overruns when we assessed the project and were comfortable with the expected returns even with this higher capital cost. As a reminder, we expect the ammonia plant to begin operating in mid-2016, which will support construction cash flow needs. The Wa'ad Al-Shamal phosphate complex as a whole, is expected to be the lowest cost facility in the world, and our investment is expected to generate attractive returns above a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. As you can see from the photos, this is a megaproject and a tremendous amount of work is advancing in the kingdom. We will continue to update the market as the work progresses. So, to close my comments, I would summarize by stating that Mosaic is making measureable progress in our efficiency and operating performance. We are seeing bottom-line benefits and we expect further strength in the second half of this year and beyond. We continue to monitor North American crop development, Brazilian fertilizer demand and Chinese phosphate exports as the major uncertainties in the second half of 2015. With that, I will turn the call over to Joc for his comments on the remainder of the year.
James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you, Rich. Before I discuss the outlook, I would like to acknowledge Jim's remarkable leadership over the past decade. I am entering my tenure as CEO with an excellent foundation and an extremely promising future for Mosaic, and Jim deserves a great deal of credit for that. Now, on to our view of the future. Our outlook for the reminder of the year remains positive with good demand from the big four agricultural regions. I'll go through them one at a time. In North America, the extreme wet conditions in the Eastern corn belt have reminded us once again that agriculture is unpredictable. At the start of the season, it look like it might be another record crop. But expectations declined and then recently rebounded again. Despite these swings, today, our products remain affordable and provide good value for farmers. Irrespective of near-time market volatility and swings in sentiment, at Mosaic, we manage for success across the whole cycle and for leverage in good times. The secular trend remains undeniably positive. In China, demand is underpinned by high crop prices with nearby corn and wheat futures trading at approximately $10 $12 per bushel, respectively. MOP shipments climbed to a record last year and are expected to be higher in 2015. Demand is accelerating. Phosphates are a different story in China. We expect Chinese exports to be in the 8.5 to 9 million tonne range this year, which is higher than our previous estimate. Global supply and demand is likely to remain balanced, however, due to multiple production challenges in other parts of the world. Our most recent demand forecast is around 65.5 million tonnes. Stable stripping margins in the first half of 2015 offer a good proof point of balanced supply and demand. We will continue to watch closely both the level of exports as well as the broader GDP growth in China. Elsewhere in Asia, India has been a bright spot. Our expectation for 2015 shipments continues to increase. In addition to second quarter DAP imports at levels more than double last year, industry potash sales in India are up almost 10% in the first half of 2015. This is despite uncertainty about the government subsidy until just a few weeks ago. The Indian government's new budget included few changes for agriculture as expected, but it did provide more certainty for farmers. As a result, we expect continued strong demand in India through the second half of the year with the monsoon season and the rupee on our closely watched list. Jim described the economic challenges in Brazil. While the country's economy and currency remain volatile, fertilizer demand is emerging with the improving availability of credit and stable global grain prices. Soybean prices in reals are very attractive. And if they are going to plant in Brazil, farmers have to fertilize. Imports in Brazil have been lower than last year, but the new demand is helping Brazil catch up with expectations; that in turn, bodes well for the second half of the year. And as we've done in the past, we continue to play a market leader role, leveraging our global presence and allocating tonnes to maximize value. Most recently, we moved tonnes to North America when Brazil demand was delayed. So, dynamics are quite different from region to region. Overall, demand for our products is strong and we expect good demand for the remainder of 2015. At Mosaic, we are focused on the things we can control and we feel great about our progress. We're generating significant value from our long list of strategic initiatives. We're positioning Mosaic on the left-hand side of the global cost curves. We've integrated our acquisitions well and we've returned substantial capital to our shareholders. We have developed a highly resilient model for softer parts of the business cycle and we are beginning to demonstrate substantial earnings leverage in good markets. There will be much more to come from Mosaic and I look forward to discuss our strategy with you in the months and years ahead. Now, I'll turn it back to Jim to moderate your questions.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you, Joc. And operator, we'll now – we're now open for questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from Steve Byrne. Your line is now open – I'm sorry, with JPMorgan.
Steve Byrne - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: BofA. Wanted to ask you about the strategic value of your South American distribution business and do you see opportunities to bolt-on to that other products and other services other than fertilizer distribution and do you have any credit risk in that business?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Steve, and it's great to have you on our call this morning. Welcome back. The strategic value of our investment in Brazil is – this is one of the most rapidly growing agricultural zones in the world. Bit of a wobble this year with credit issues, with some broader economic issues in Brazil, but agriculture remains one of the real, real bright lights, bright spots in the Brazil economy, and it will continue to be that. So, being in one of the fastest growing agricultural zones with new acres coming in is important to us, number one. Number two, that is part of the north – that's part of our home court advantage is the entire Western Hemisphere. Nobody can better serve that market, particularly on phosphates, than Mosaic can. And we look at that as a destination market for our phosphate production produced in Florida and for potash production. And just a great farm economy, excellent farmers; they understand the value of fertilizers. They need it to produce the kind of crops they want to produce in Brazil, so we can't not be there. With that, I'm going to turn it over to Joc now to speak to what some of the ideas he may have about bolt-ons, and then Rick is going to speak to the credit risk that we see in Brazil. Thanks, Steve.
James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, Steve. In terms of bolt-ons, obviously our footprint in Brazil and Paraguay offers us a great opportunity. Today, we're focused on our core products. I would say that doesn't say anything for the future where we couldn't look at bolt-ons. We'll certainly be looking at other areas in Brazil where we can expand out to key markets where we're not adequately represented, but those will be relatively small add-ons as opposed to big step-outs.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah, good morning, Steve. It's Rick. We do have credit risk there. We have managed it over the last 15 years very well. There'll always be credit risk in Brazil. We feel real good about the quality of customers we have and the quality of the credit that we offer there.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I was looking your slide 24, your potash supply and demand model. And if I read your chart right, you think that the operating rate in Potash for 2015 is above 90%. Is that correct, and is that a fair appraisal of current market conditions?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good day, Joc – or Jeff, sorry.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm going to turn it over to Mike Rahm to give you some color on that. Thank you.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: Hey, good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: No, that is correct. I think we went through and revised our estimates of effective capacity based on what happened last year. We believe with the big surge in demand most players were operating about as hard as they could. So we went back and revamped our capacity estimates, and the operating rate that we estimate in 2015 is 91%, and that's based on our projected shipments of nearly 60 million tonnes and our estimate of effective capacity of about 65.7 million tonnes.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Jim, then if I could, just a follow-up and...
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Next question, please.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Normally, you have pricing power at these sorts of utilization levels, but this time you don't seem to. Can you comment on that?
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: Yeah. I think we talked about some of the delays and deferrals that are taking place in the market this year, plus I think a big factor is just what's happened to exchange rates. Every major supplier of potash around the world is benefiting from the strong dollar. And that I think naturally puts some pressure on potash values. So I mean I think you've seen some of the financial results, where despite the fact that the prices have remained constant or moved down in some markets, profitability remains very good, and I think you can attribute that to changes in currencies.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Moving on to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Yonah Weisz with HSBC Bank. Your line is open.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC Bank Plc (Tel Aviv Branch): Hi, good morning and thank you for my question. I'd like to ask, if I may, about Chinese DAP producers, who unlike their urea producing cousins, have seem to maintained relatively consistent pricing during 2015. I'm wondering if you have any thoughts on why this is the case, maybe discuss reasons for this relative amount of discipline. And perhaps looking into the future, can you see any structural reasons on the horizon for this to change, either for better or for the worse? And if I may, just a small additional question on Ma'aden. You're increasing the CapEx. Do you see Ma'aden at all being delayed?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Good morning, Yonah. I'm going to leave the mic with Mike Rahm and then Rick McLellan will give some color on what he sees happening in the market, and then Rich Mack will speak to your question about the Ma'aden project. Over to you Mike.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: Hi, good morning, Yonah. Nice to talk with you again. I don't think it's so much I'd characterize as discipline as just the strength of the fundamentals in the phosphate market. We know that before, that first half Indian imports were up 2 million tonnes and there's a long litany of production outages worldwide. You can start with the closure of Mississippi Phosphates, the Suwannee River plant, the production problems in Tunisia, Israel and you can go on and on of about eight or nine different outages. So frankly, I think, the market needs those tonnes and that's then the pull, much more so then anything going on within China in terms of market discipline or whatever you want to call it.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Hi, Yonah. It's Rick. I just add on to what Mike said, is the one structural change that we see coming is the expected implementation of VAT in China that likely is expected to happen in September and that will put a further floor under export price capabilities.
Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And with respect to your third question, Yonah on Ma'aden. We're still targeting the ammonia production to come on line during the third quarter of 2016 with some finished phosphate production targeted by the end of the 2016, but the real ramp-up for phosphate production will happen sometime during 2017.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, operator, on to the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi. Your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Hi, good morning.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, P.J.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): (27:43) directed – thank you – you said you directed some potash volumes to North America when Brazil was weak. That's kind of interesting. And so in the future, if demand doesn't materialize in the emerging markets, do you think that results in a more competitive North American market?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: P.J., I'm going to have Rick McLellan address that question.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Very good question, P.J., and good morning. Frankly from our perspective, we see globally right now, the demand growth happening in both India and China. And we see that Brazil, when we think about what's going to happen in the second half, the shortfall in Brazil occurred in the first half. So, we're expecting strong movement in the second half there. I think you're – you may be also describing what we did on phosphates, where we moved phosphates into North America instead of – or into India and instead of North America and now we've held back tonnes from going to Brazil into the North American market. So through the year, our ability and our flexibility from our distribution businesses as well as our strong home court advantage, allow us to move product around and not effectively impact the ability of us to service our customers.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And P.J., I'd just like to just reinforce what Rick did say. The optionality we have with the global distribution system, particularly Latin America, Asia, Southeast Asia with operations in India and China, throughout Latin America, it gives us a tremendous flexibility to move product where it's needed, to hold it back where we don't have room or move it to other locations. So, it's something that is really starting to show its value in this organization. Thanks for the question. Next question please.
Operator: Okay, your next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone and congratulations to Joc and Jim. Just want to try to reconcile, you had the lowest cash costs of potash in the quarter, I think that you've ever had. And then, you're talking about a low-20% gross profit margin in the third quarter, which is pretty close I think with where you were in 4Q 2013, which was the post-BPC quarter. So, I'm just wondering if you can talk about the third quarter; obviously, it's going to get hurt by fixed cost absorption with the turnarounds. But if you sort of normalize that, where do you think the comparable cash cost number would be versus 2Q?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thanks and good morning, Vincent. I'm going to – I'll miss answering all your questions in my free time ahead. You could maybe give me a call at home once in a while and ask what's going on. I'm going to turn this over to Joc in a moment, but I just want – and thanks for recognizing what has occurred in our potash costs. We've brought them down tremendously from well over $100 to – in the $89, $85 range – and that's with inclusive of brine cost. So, I think it's some of the lowest potash production costs in North America and competitive with just about anywhere in the world. And that was done through – that didn't happen by accident. There was a lot of work done by our potash business unit, focusing on developing ratable capacity to achieve lowest cost production objective. So, a tremendous job was done; we believe it's sustainable. There will be little blips ups and downs, but we have really found the way to effectively be world cost leading producers of potash. Joc, you can speak to the future.
James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Vincent, in terms of quarter three, basically we have our shutdown quarter, where we have a turnaround on all of our big operations in potash during the month of July and August – or sorry – August and September basically. But in that, you have exactly what you said – you have a lot more absorption – we'll be running at 60%, circa 60% run time versus 90% last quarter. But on top of that, we will also be absorbing all of the cost of the maintenance of those shutdowns. So it is a single quarter event. Underlying all of that, our costs in terms of our manpower costs, our productivity costs, our equipment costs, they are all significantly down from where they were before. So we feel we're very much on track with our new cost regime and we see that coming back as soon as we get through our shutdowns. But no question, this quarter will be highly impacted by those turnarounds.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Don D. Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. A couple of questions on potash. On slide 28, you show your Brazilian outlook, and you are calling for higher second half shipments year-over-year. Just wondering why that is given the ongoing, I mean, credit's still expensive, the real is weak and potash pricing still seems to be coming down there? And then, if you could just comment on North American – you show shipments down year-over-year in the second half – what's going on versus consumption versus inventory drawdowns as it relates to shipment levels?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, good day, Don. I'm going to have Rick McLellan, our Commercial leader, address that question.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah, good morning, Don. On Brazil potash, if you take a look at what's happened in the first half, and then take a look at what our full-year forecast is for demand in Brazil, it would tell you that we're going to have to have a very strong second half shipment of potash. There is still the headwinds on credit; there still is the volatility that's happening with the currency. But through it all, it's a very strong agricultural environment. And there will be a lot of people that want to farm with a pencil and paper, rather than let the farmers decide what they're going to do. And the farmers in Brazil, if they're going to plant a crop and you have to give that as a given, then they're going to have to fertilize. So that's where we expect what's happening there. In North America, I think it's a function of working through inventory that was built in the first half. And so, we expect kind of normalized shipments in the second half, with the exception of last year, we looked at people filling in that December period. And so year-on-year, we don't know whether people will step in and buy in North America in the second half. And so – after they get done the fall season – so we've pulled down our forecast for the back half to reflect that lack of fill potential, that could come in that December period.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Perfect. Thank you. Just a similar question on, as was just asked with China. On slide 26, you have a fairly large 40% half-over-half increase for Chinese MOP shipments. Is this a functionality of just the delayed contract signing at the beginning of the year and basically some shipments being pushed into 3Q that would have otherwise been in 2Q? Or do you believe that they're continuing to increase application rates – any sensibility of building inventory – just any color there would be appreciated. Thank you.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good morning, Chris. Dr. Rahm, why don't you take that question?
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: Sure. I think it's much more of the former, Chris. China has contracted by our estimate for firm tonnage of about 7.4 million tonnes for delivery by vessel and that assumes a certain amount of rail deliveries as well. They also have about 1.7 million tonnes of optional tonnage. So the numbers that we showed on that slide reflect the expectation that they will execute on their optional tonnage; and if they do, that totals about 9.1 million tonnes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank GBM: Hi, thank you. I was hoping just to get a bit of an update on MicroEssentials and specifically, can you just talk about how the economics are doing versus DAP, number one. Number two, what is the growth strategy for MicroEssentials beyond Brazil and North America? And then finally, just talk a little bit about your patents and when do those expire and how do you manage that? Thank you.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, good day, Ben. I'm going to turn it over to Rick McLellan in a minute to talk about how we're doing economically, but just wonderful that you asked question about the patent infringement case. Perhaps our GC who's in the room with us today, could add some color, but we got some very positive news last week, that most of the claims, virtually all of the claims have been thrown out by the court reviewing the matter. So, as far as we're concerned, we are in the clear on the patent infringement issue that was before us. So, do you want to say anything to that Mark – Mark Isaacson, our GC?
Mark J. Isaacson - Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel: Sure. Thanks Jim. Yeah, I would just add that the litigation that we're involved in, the federal litigation is – has been on hold for a number of years while the plaintiff's patent claims have been reviewed at the Patent and Trademark Office. And as it stands right now, most of those claims are back for review at the Patent and Trademark Office and have been held to be invalid by – at this latest review. And so again, I think we'll continue the litigation hold at this point and though the rest of it remains to be seen, but we think we're in a very good shape at this point.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Rick, why don't you talk about the economics. I'm going to have Joc just speak to the production expansion after Rick addresses the economics of MEs (38:20).
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. On MicroEssentials, we continue to ship on demand in those two key markets, Brazil and North America, although we are developing markets in Central and other parts of South America. And so as we look for future growth, I would say there is still growth potential in North America; we've been constricted by our production capabilities. The key piece for us is the returns for farmers are still there versus their traditional phosphate fertilizer programs with MicroEssentials. So, the ability for the dealer to charge a premium and ourselves is there. As we look at other growth markets that we'd like to look at once we get expanded production that Joc's going to talk about, one of the markets we'd really like to look at that's similar to North America is Europe. And so we're still doing some work on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from...
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'm sorry, we're just going to have Joc speak to the question about where we're going with our production expansion, where we're at with that.
James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So, let me finish that whole thought there, Ben, with the – first of all, the expansion. As you're well aware, we added $225 million of capital about a year ago now, which will take our total capacity up to 3.5 million tonnes. And as Rick says, we continue to have opportunities to grow that product in a number of places around the world. But let me also take a step back and talk a little about the patents that we have. As Mark mentioned, those patents were being – the infringement case has been basically thrown out. But more important necessarily than the patent protection is there's a heck of lot of art and skill to producing MicroEssentials. So, we don't necessarily use the patents as the only protection against the IP. There's been a lot of copycats, but what we've found so far is that they haven't competed agronomically. And certainly from a manufacturing perspective, nobody has come close to what we make yet.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thank you. Sorry for interrupting, operator. If you'd carry on with the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel D. Jackson - BMO Capital Markets (Canada): Hi. Good morning. A couple of questions. First question is: you talked a bit about pulling tonnes out of Brazil. So the first question would be, there seems to be more pressure on imports coming into the U.S. phosphate market. So, maybe talk about how aggressively you would defend the U.S. market versus some of your other objectives in Phosphate? And second question is just on, looking over what Potash Corp. is contemplating with K+S, there is a lot of chatter about Potash Corp. would try to get the legacy mine, when completed, into Canpotex. Could you maybe give your thoughts on that, the process, and if you'd be opposed the legacy mine, if built, being put into Canpotex? Thanks.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Joel. I'm going to have Rick address the question on the market in Brazil and then I'll touch on the legacy in Canpotex.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Yeah. Good mooring, Joel. As we looked at the Brazil market, we did, instead of pushing product into Brazil, brought it back, put it in – we're putting it into place here at home in North America. And frankly, at today's prices, I'm not sure that there's a big amount of phosphates headed to North America. And we're very well positioned to defend our U.S. market. If you can remember, in the, at the end of the first quarter, we lifted tonnes from the U.S. and placed them in India. We're doing this again so that we don't put pressure on to markets. We didn't want to pressure the North American market; we moved it to India. We don't want to pressure Brazil; we're keeping it in North America. It is our real competitive advantage to be able to take that optionality that we have with our distribution businesses and our home court advantage and use it to help maintain strong market positions. Jim?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Rick. You asked a question about legacy and what would happen if Potash were to acquire K+S. Really no comment and we have no insights on what's going to happen with that, with those – with whatever discussions or whatever is going on. But legacy in Saskatchewan, if they were part of Canpotex, I don't see what the issue would be. I personally don't see Mosaic having a objection to that happening, and Canpotex is a extraordinary organization in terms of being able to deliver potash to world markets at the lowest logistics costs anywhere, along with the brand that Canpotex has in the market for – our governance, how we do business, the quality of business. So, I would have a little doubt that others would want to be part of Canpotex if they were producing potash in Saskatchewan. Thanks, Joel.
Operator: And your next question comes from Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew D. Wong - RBC Dominion Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So in Brazil, is there potentially a timing or logistics issue to ship product into the country if demand doesn't pick up soon for their planting window or application window? And then second, going into the back half of this year, it appears the ammonia market may be a bit tighter. Could you just talk about your expectations on the input cost side of things for the Phosphate segment? Thanks.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good day, Andrew. Rick's going to speak to the market question and Brazil and Joc could address the ammonia material costs.
Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President-Commercial: Good morning, Andrew. And the logistics issue that you suggest will happen is happening and the key piece will be is, how backed up and how available product will be able to move into that marketplace. As farmers have put off their buying decisions, they certainly haven't put off their decisions to plant. I think it was interesting yesterday, there was a report out of Brazil that versus previous years, where farmers had sold 5% of their forward crop to get ready for planting, they're at 25%. So, if the farmer will need to – if he decides to plant and he will plant given all the indications – he's going to need to apply fertilizer. And the fact that Mosaic has its own port at Paranaguá allows us to have an advantage in getting product into that country. Joc?
James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Andrew. So on the question of ammonia pricing. There is a fundamental, probably tightening of the ammonia market – sorry, when I say fundamental – a slight tightening of the ammonia market that will happen in the second half of the year. Trinidad gas restrictions, ammonia going to urea, et cetera, both will impact ammonia. But we see that as a pretty slight increase in cost of ammonia. The other one that's probably tightening at the second half of the year is sulfur, where if Indian demand – or sorry – Chinese demand continues to be high for sulfur, there's a reasonable differential between North America and international sulfur. So, we could see some strength in the sulfur price as well. However, in sulfur, with the building of our own melter, we should really be able to change the dynamic of that for Mosaic. So we're seeing slightly higher prices, but I don't believe it's going to hurt our overall stripping margin by all that much.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good. Thanks, Joc. Operator, next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA. Your line is open.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you, and congratulations, Jim. You're certainly going out on a high point with these numbers. Two things. First, can you tell us about the impact of Brazil on your working capital and seasonality? I know there's never going to be any such thing as normal in Brazil, but you must have thought something about it as you decided to expand your system? And the second question is, can you tell us about logistics issues in the U.S. and whether that's meaningfully impacting your plan for this upcoming quarter?
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Mark. And good to hear from you and thanks for that positive comment. I'm going to have Rich Mack, our CFO, speak to the impact of what he is seeing on working capital in Brazil, and then Rick or Joc can speak to the logistics questions impacting North America.
Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So Mark, yes. I mean part of analysis and something that we're measuring is working capital needs in Brazil. One, it's high season down there upcoming and second, our footprint is bigger and so we're very mindful of that and we want to be as efficient as we possibly can on working capital going forward. We're still getting our grounding with respect to the acquisition, of finalizing the integration of ADM, and to date we haven't seen any anomalies that have been outside of our expectations with respect to what's going on with respect to working capital.
James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President-Operations & Chief Operating Officer: Mark, in terms of your question about logistics in phosphates, with the heavy rains we've been having in Florida that could have some impact on logistics. We don't expect we won't be able to – we expect we will be able to work through that – but it's always a risk. In terms of our potash shipments, we really don't see anything on the horizon; we're clearly going to be drawing down inventory because of our turnaround schedule. But in general, we don't see logistics being a big impact for quarter three. Those are normally, if they're going to hurt us, will hurt us in that quarter four and first quarter where we have the winter months in Canada.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, operator, our next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Jim, I want to wish you well and congratulations on the retirement. Maybe the question first, and I don't – and I apologize I jumped on the call late – but I wasn't clear from what was in the press release and the slides, how, if at all, your 2015 global potash view had changed? And specifically, wanted to understand the drivers of the lower reduction in potash shipments for the year, is that just North America domestic shipments? And then finally, how has the view on Southeast Asia changed given some of the pressures in palm oil and some of the currency pressures there? Thank you.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, good day. Good day Andrew. Thanks for those comments and it's been a pleasure working with you and your keen interest in the crop nutrition sector. I'm going to turn the global potash view over to Mike and he can just give his view of what he sees.
Michael Rahm - VP-Market Analysis & Strategic Planning: No – good morning, Adam – no, we haven't changed our view all that much. We have narrowed our shipment range from 58 to 60 million tonnes to 59 to 60. And I can tell you that our point estimate right is at the very upper end of that range. And as we noted in earlier question, our assessment of effective capacity is a little bit over 65 million tonnes. So that results in an operating rate of about 91%. So, we think fundamentals remain constructive or positive. I think we noted on another question that prices have not – have softened a bit – but I think that's symptomatic of the fact that all major suppliers are benefiting from a very, very strong dollar.
James T. Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. With that – and thank you, Mike – with that, I'll conclude this call. First, please allow me a brief personal note here. The decade I've been spent – I've spent leading Mosaic – has been one of the most fulfilling times in my long carrier in agriculture and I'm pleased that I've got to know so many of our investors and really got to know them quite well and analysts around the world. Thank you for your interest in and your confidence in Mosaic and its future. Mosaic today, hardly resembles the company that debuted on the market in 2004. We've built the best combination of talent, assets, financial strength and global reach in the crop nutrition industry. Mosaic is in excellent shape and is poised for tremendous success in the year ahead as the world's leading crop nutrition company. And my last bit of advice to those on the phone, don't bet against Mosaic and don't bet against the world's growing appetite for food. I look forward to contributing as an Advisor and Director with Mosaic until next year and look forward to watching Mosaic's extraordinary progress over the many years to come. Thank you for joining us today, and please, everybody have a safe day. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations James Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Mack - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Rahm - Vice President, Market and Strategic Analysis James O’Rourke - Executive Vice President, Operations; and Chief Operating Officer Richard McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial
Analysts: Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Daniel Jester - Citigroup Inc. Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Sandy Klugman - Vertical Research Partners Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Yonah Wiesz - HSBC Christopher Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Piken - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company completes the prepared remarks, lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will review Mosaic’s accomplishments for the quarter and our views on current and future market conditions. Rich will share his insights into the results and our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I’d like to turn it over to Jim. Jim?
James Prokopanko: Good morning. Welcome to our first quarter earnings discussion. Our results this quarter clearly demonstrate progress on our strategic priorities. Compared to last year, the timely acquisition of CF Industries’ phosphates business added $0.06 to our quarterly earnings per share. Expense initiatives and asset optimization drove lower potash cost per tonne, adding $0.07 per share in the quarter, despite a negative $0.15 per share impact of the change in Canadian resource taxes and royalties. Finally, repurchases of 62 million shares added another $0.07 in EPS this quarter. And this is just the beginning of the benefit we will generate from those moves. Nothing about our bullish long-term outlook for Mosaic’s future has changed since our Analyst Day, so we won’t repeat the full story on today’s call. Instead our prepared comments will be brief, with a focus on the market conditions we expect for the second quarter and second-half of 2015. I’ll begin with a review of our solid first-quarter results which were well ahead of last year. Then Rich Mack will discuss segment results, our capital position, and our guidance. And finally, I’ll conclude with a view of the evolving global phosphate and potash market dynamics. Our message to you today is simple, Mosaic is delivering solid performance and we expect 2015 to be a good year. For the quarter, Mosaic generated $295 million in net earnings or $0.80 per share, almost a 50% increase over the weaker first quarter of 2014. Our adjusted earnings were $0.70 per share, with foreign currency transaction gains accounting for most of the difference. I want to emphasize that we continue to generate significant cash with $656 million in cash flow from operations during the first quarter. Our results were within our guidance ranges, say for the phosphate operating rate, which missed the low end of the range by 1 percentage point as a result of an accelerated plant turnaround. In potash, volumes came in at low-end of our expectations primarily due to lower North American shipments. The late arriving spring compounded by increased imports sitting in the Gulf of Mexico has impacted demand and pricing in much of North America. The new potash contract with China not only provided price transparency for customers elsewhere in the world. The volumes also demonstrated the pent-up demand, we’ve been anticipating. If our expectations for the second-half of 2015 hold, our challenge will be to produce enough tonnes to deliver contracted volumes. Historically, timing of North America demand and shipments during this time of year is uncertain. This year delayed North American crop progress and changes in dealer inventories make it even harder to predict, but the uncertainty is around shipments, not necessarily actual application rates. Spring arrives and farmers plant their crop, this year is no different. In fact, we’ve increased our estimates for global potash shipments to the high-end of our previous range. We now estimate 2015 global potash shipments to be in the 59 million tonne to 60 million tonne range. Potash elasticity of demand appears higher than we previously believed, and we may continue to see strong demand growth if prices of our products remain as affordable as they are now. We continue to expect a good second-half of 2015, though our medium-term outlooks still needs to the informed by U.S. crop developments, grain and oilseed prices. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. And then, I’ll conclude with our views of the diverging markets around the world.
Richard Mack: Thank you, Jim, and good morning to everyone. I’ll begin today with some detail on our three operating segments. In the phosphate segment, the primary contributor of our improving profitability is higher selling prices for our products, with the average DAP price $45 higher than a year ago, as well as volumes from the CF phosphate acquisition. In addition, we also continue to capture stronger margins from our premium MicroEssentials product. Raw material prices were higher this quarter compared to a year-ago, but the sequential quarter trend was in our favor. Sulfur prices have declined over $30 per tonne in recent months, and we believe the falling market prices for urea foretell lower ammonia prices going forward. All told, the cost of sulfur and ammonia in one tonne of DAP has dropped about $45 since last November. We believe that Mosaic’s leadership position and our previous decision to operate at lower rates contributed to these trends. In the potash segment, our strong margins and significantly improved year-over-year earnings were driven primarily by our operating efficiency. Our cost reduction efforts including our decision to stop MOP production at Carlsbad, and decommission and sell the Hersey mine are delivering meaningful value to the bottom line, and importantly shifting us to the left on the global cost curve. In fact, first quarter MOP cash cost per tonne were $86 including $17 of brine management expenses. This is a $5 per tonne improvement over our impressive fourth quarter numbers. These costs are significantly better than what you saw for Mosaic in prior years. This is the first full quarter with ADM’s fertilizer business under our belt, with integration progressing as planned. In the International Distribution segment our $21 per tonne gross margin came in slightly under our expectations because of higher prices for raw materials that were passed through to us from ADM. We have now fully integrated the newly acquired business into our ERP system and expect to have better visibility into our costs going forward. Volumes for International Distribution were higher than expected, and we believe sales volumes and margins will improve through the remainder of 2015. Moving onto our balance sheet and capital, as Jim noted earlier, we provided substantial insight on our capital plans at our Analyst Day at the end of March, so I won’t go through all that detail again today. I would however like to mention a few key points. First, our balance sheet remains strong and we are within our stated targeted leverage ratio range. We have approximately $2.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and currently have approximately $700 million of excess cash. As you know Mosaic has been a very strong generator of free cash flow and we expect that to continue as we reap the benefits of our recent growth investments. In the first quarter, we distributed $215 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. At current prices for Mosaic stock we plan to continue to work down the existing share repurchase authorization. As we noted at our Analyst Day we will discuss additional repurchase authority with our board as we reach the end of our current authorization. To reiterate our stance on shareholder returns, we have been an active distributor of excess cash to shareholders and are committed to returning excess capital to shareholders in the future. We expect to generate ample free cash flow that will fund future shareholder distributions. Now, let’s move on to our guidance for the second quarter. Note, that we have slightly widened our volume guidance ranges given the uncertainty Jim mentioned earlier. In phosphates, we expect gross margins to be around 20%, primarily as a result of lower raw material costs. We expect operating rates in phosphates to be in the range of 80% to 85%. Sales volumes are expected to range from 2.3 million to 2.7 million tonnes for the second quarter compared with actual sales of 2.6 million tonnes in the second quarter of 2014. DAP prices are expected to be in the range of $425 to $450 per tonne. International Distribution sales volumes are expected to be in the range of 1.4 million tonnes to 1.7 million tonnes with a gross margin of $18 to $25 per tonne. This wider range of gross margin reflects the current volatility of the Brazilian real. We ended the first quarter with an exchange rate of BRL 3.2 to the dollar, and touched BRL 2.9 just this week. Our full-year volume expectations are unchanged. In potash we anticipate that our mines will continue to operate at high rates to meet global demand, with operating rates expected to be in the 85% to 90% range. We expect potash sales volumes to be in the range of 2.0 million to 2.4 million tonnes during the quarter, compared with actual sales of 2.5 million tonnes in the second quarter of 2014. We remain committed to our full-year volume forecast. Average realized potash prices are expected to be in the range of $265 to $290 per tonne, with a gross margin rate in the upper 30% range. We raised Canadian resource tax guidance as a result of both the new tax rules in Saskatchewan and higher expected Canadian dollar gross margins, due primarily to the recent Canadian dollar devaluation. We now expect Canadian resource taxes and royalties to be in the range of $325 million to $375 million for 2015. Our guidance for full-year brine management expenses remains that $180 million to $200 million. Our expectation for full-year SG&A costs also remains unchanged at $360 million to $380 million. We continue to make good progress on our cost savings initiatives across the company and we are ahead of schedule as we work toward our goal of achieving $500 million in savings by 2018. Our tax rate guidance has changed for 2015 we now expect the full-year effect of tax rate to be in the high teens excluding discrete items. The offsetting impact of the higher Canadian resource taxes on Canadian federal income taxes combined with other items related to our global footprint in business mix is the primary driver of a lower tax liability this year. In 2016, the effective tax rate is expected to return to the low 20% range. The other elements of our guidance, capital expenditures and annual sales volumes for phosphates, potash, and international distribution are unchanged from last quarter. Specifically, we expect robust second-half shipments given the delayed shipments to India, China, and Brazil. So in short, Mosaic is making measurable progress in our efficiency and operating performance. We continue to be focused on our cost reduction initiatives and look forward to a strong 2015. With that, I will turn the call back to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Thank you, Rich. Before we take your questions, I would like to provide some insight into the current and near-term market dynamics for potash and phosphates. While we have seen a slower start this year in some regions, our 2015 global demand expectations for both potash and phosphates are unchanged. Our products remain affordable and provide good value for farmers. Friends in different regions of the world are diverging. So let’s take a quick turnaround the globe. In North America spring planting got off to a late start in the South, but farmers are quickly making progress. With the season just entering full swing, we’ve heard anecdotal reports about cutbacks in applications rates. But we asked feedback from our largest customers indicate that their P&K sales are in line with levels over the last few years and most of the farmer customers are applying P&K at normal or near normal rates. North American shipments in the first-half of 2015 are expected to be below average. But that is mainly due to higher beginning levels of the dealer inventories. Given the uncertainties about the crop prices, we expect North American distributors will clean out channel inventories this spring and begin to refill bins for fall application only when the outlook becomes a bit clearer. That, however, maybe about the same time as peak second-half shipments to Brazil and India, which could make a challenging for producers to meet strong demand in the second-half of 2015. In China, demand is underpinned by high crop prices with nearby corn and wheat futures trading at more than $10 and $11 per bushel. Implied MOP shipments climbed to a record last year and are expected to be higher in 2015. It appears that at the current price, demand is accelerating. The new Canpotex potash contract is a clear indicator of strong demand, with minimum volume commitments significantly above last year’s levels. This volume also reflects our new multiple customer approach in China. While some market observers were disappointed with the contract price, we are satisfied with the netbacks we are receiving from China. More tonnes sold at respectable netbacks is good news for Mosaic and its investors. We are off to a good start this year in India. Industry potash sales in India are up almost 20% in the first quarter of 2015 despite uncertainty about the government subsidy. This uncertainty will remain until the Indian government publishes its final budget. The rupee has been fairly stable and current phosphate and potash prices continue to make complicated import economics work for importers. Retailer’s phosphate and potash inventories are at extremely low levels in India, and more imports are needed to restock. In fact, we have sold over 200,000 tonnes of phosphates to India during the delayed North American spring application season, tactical move to balance different market dynamics. This is yet another example of a market leadership role in phosphates. In potash early indications lead us to believe a Canpotex contract will be signed before June. Also, while we are not counting on an imminent change in the nutrient subsidy system, lower energy prices are clearly providing a tailwind to the Indian budget. As we mentioned at our Analyst Day, we are optimistic about demand growth in India. In the first quarter, Brazil imports were lower than last year, as a result of inventory destocking and currency volatility driving gross to wait to purchase fertilizer until the last minute. We do not see it as an indicator of a decline in demand. Most resilient soil requires potash and phosphates, so if farmers plant they must fertilize. While on the first quarter of this year, imports of P&K were down 37%. Between now and the rest of the year, we expect Brazil import 11.5 million tonnes of potash and phosphate. The agriculture situation continues to look promising in Brazil, with farmers and sell their products in U.S. dollar-denominated transactions actually benefiting from the weakened real. The market dynamics are quite different from region to region. Overall, demand for our products from growers is strong. Changes in pipeline and producer inventories certainly don’t always make this fact obvious in the short-term. Mosaic’s boots on the ground presence all these critical markets gives us a competitive advantage. We have firsthand knowledge of in-country market dynamics and the ability to adapt quickly to meet shifting customer needs. We are closely watching the 2015 crop progress and the implications for grain and oilseed pricing, which will influence second-half 2015 and 2016 demand expectations. With that said a bullish second-half scenario is likely. We wouldn’t be surprised to see an earlier summer fill in North America. Brazil is likely to import more tonnes of P&K in the second-half of 2015 than in 2014. China is expected to import about million tonnes more of potash this year on top of very strong volume growth last year, and India’s appetite for phosphates is ahead of our expectations. We feel very positive about Mosaic’s ability to succeed in the current environment and across the business cycle. Our investments for growth are generating strong incremental value. We have secured global market access and a significant advantage in North America, and we are demonstrating that Mosaic can and will be one of the lowest cost operators in the industry. In short, we have put Mosaic on a path to growing prosperity and that bodes well for our stakeholders. Now, we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my question. My question is about non-Canadian potash imports into North America. Can you just kind of run through how that’s tracking? And then more specifically, can you focus on Belarus. We’ve heard from a Congress that they are trying to block Belarusians potash coming in and we don’t even know if it actually being accepted by farmers. Can you talk a little bit about that too?
James Prokopanko: Well, good morning, Ben. James Prokopanko here. Good to have you on the call. Yes, this year the imports from non-Canadian potash of non-Canadian potash has been higher than we’ve seen in past years. And what the Eastern Europeans are figuring out is that North America is a higher netback market. So we’re seeing those tonnes come to North America, but an important thing to remember is those tonnes that are coming to North America are not going to Brazil, India, and China. So there’s a net balance and we’ll see, if not shortages, tighter supplies going to other parts of the world. I’m going to have Mike Rahm speak to you about the volumes and what kind of increase we’re seeing from whether it’s the Belarusians or Uralkali and then I may just wrap up with the comments about the issues on the allowance of those products to come into the country. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Okay. Thanks, Jim, and hi, Ben. If I recall the numbers correctly, I think in the period from July/December, imports from offshore sources were up about between 550,000 and 600,000 tonnes. So that was part of the increase in the stocking of the pipeline during the first semester of the fertilizer year.
James Prokopanko: And, Ben, just on the matter of the permissibility or what your legality of Belarusian imports. That matter isn’t entirely clear. We’ve largely stayed out of it. They were prohibited from - Belarusian product was prohibited from coming into the U.S. And until recently - and there is the belief that it is now permitted, but we’ve not - we’ve not wait into that and we just are standing back from an opinion on that. It’s a hard one to really to give a firm or get a firm answer from authorities about the permissibility of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong: Thanks for taking my question. So we’ve seen potash cost come down quite nicely over the last two quarters. Could you just maybe go through some of the more details around that and how sustainable that will be going forward?
James Prokopanko: Yes, good day, Andrew. It’s a good question. I’m glad you made that observation. We have along with expense reduction initiatives in both SG&A and our phosphate business which are showing results. We’re seeing very good and probably ahead of planned results on our potash. I’m going to turn it over to Joc O’Rourke, our operations leader to speak to that. But this has been something we’ve applied our efforts to over the last 12 months, seeing good results. What we’re doing simply is stabilizing our production levels. We’ve always maintained a capacity to produce at higher rates than what experience has for demand - has been for the demand. And now we’ve said, look, we’re not going to build a church for Easter Sunday; we’re going to have a preset production level. We may have more capacity but we’re going to staff and man to a level that is going to be more predictable and that is going to result in lower costs. And so the result is we might not be there to take advantage of a sudden fly up but we are going to be running our facilities at lower predictable rates. Now, I’m going to have Joc just speak to some of the specific things we’ve done to reduce potash production costs.
James O’Rourke: So, Andrew, I think Jim has probably summarized it quite well. Of course, there is a little bit of Canadian dollar tailwind, but the big thing was, first of all, the asset optimization. So shutting down Hersey or selling Hersey and shutting down the potash at Carlsbad was the first big step. Those were our two highest cost producers. We felt we could deliver cheaper from Canada than we could run those plants. So we’ve now done that. The next piece was as Jim said, was kind of rightsizing the operations. So we had a lot of people to allow for those run-ups, and we’ve now made sure we optimize that. And then finally, a lot of work on just reducing waste, whether that be the number of miners we have running underground or the amount of stuff we have going on around our plant. So it’s pretty simple, blocking and tackling type stuff, but really that’s how we ended up doing it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Hi, thanks very much. I was wondering if you could comment on year-over-year change in crop nutrient tonnes and potash in North America in the first quarter. And that last year you were at something like 1.1 million tonnes and now you are at 572,000 tonnes. And when you look at your competitors’ results, I think they were down something little less than 200,000 tonnes and you are down 500,000 tonnes. Does this point to a very strong second quarter tonnage result in North America or why the unusual change?
James Prokopanko: Well, good morning, Jeff. This is Caucus [ph]. It’s a good question and we’re ready for it. And I’m going to have Rick McLellan, our commercial leader speak to where that - where those differences are. Rick?
Jeffrey Zekauskas: Sure.
Richard McLellan: Yes, good morning, Jeff. Yes, we expected that we would get a question on this. It has a - it really is a function of our beginning to inventory and what we had in FPDs carried through from 2013. So in 2013, we carried through FPDs that - or inventory in place that became sales. This year, those FPDs got sold in December, and our inventories were low going into 2014. So the big change there is strictly around timing of our FPD programs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
Daniel Jester: Hey, good morning. This is Dan Jester on for PJ. If we can go back to the slide in your presentation where you talk about first-half calendar year shipments of potash and phosphates relative to the second-half for the US, looks like you see second-half potash deliveries about in line with the long-term average, but phosphate shipments is kind of well above average later this year. So could you just talk about for the second-half why you’re seeing kind of two different outcomes for these nutrients? Thanks.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Don. I’m going to turn this question over about where the split between first- and second-half phosphate sales are to Mike or Rick. Are you prepared to take that question, Mike?
Michael Rahm: Sure, Jim. I can address that, but let me say, at the beginning that the estimates for the second-half are very preliminary. It will depend a lot on where crop prices go; how many acres of corn and soybeans get planted and so forth. But making assumptions about those, I think if you just look at where the seven-year Olympic averages are, I think that kind of explains most of it that we expect that phosphate shipments will be a little bit above the seven-year average. And we also expect potash shipments will be a little bit above the seven-year average as well. So the main difference I think is just relates to seasonality.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson: Hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions. First question is about raised your outlook for global potash shipment this year, but up to your own shipment numbers that your largest Canpotex partner is in the exact same thing this morning. So I wanted to know and we have an ICL strike, of course. So I wanted to know why you think you’re gaining this extra volume. And my second question is talking more about Belarusian imports. Your desire or position here to stand back is that because you’re a proponent of free trade or is that because you no longer have U.S. potash production so your lobbying abilities are diminished or maybe there’s something else there you could do?
James Prokopanko: Hey, Joel, you’re good at getting a couple of questions in and welcome to the call. The first question about the demand, I and Joc commented we are running our facility - our potash operations at ratable capacity and we took couple of our high-cost facilities out. We are running the Canadian facilities at optimal rates in terms of expenses and we continue and plan to continue to do so. In this first-half, we’ve seen following 2014, where the pipeline was fairly well filled with potash. We are now drawing that potash down. And I think I made it clear in my comments, with a strong second-half to refill and to meet the growing demand we’re seeing in India and China, we think we’re going to go into a tight potash market in the second-half. And there could be some constraints in terms of supply relative to what we anticipate to be higher demand. So absolutely, the market is going to tighten up and with that we are - with a tighter market you could potentially see a higher - and we expect to see higher potash prices. On the second question about Belarusian, yes, we’re absolutely a believer in free trade. We don’t begrudge anyone that. We believe for the ag markets to work, we have to have free and open trade. So getting into the nuances that go with geopolitics on who’s allowed to come into what countries, we’re standing aside on that for this matter in belief of free trade. And as I said earlier, if Belarusian or Russian products, additional product comes into North America, that is product that is not going into India, China or Brazil, and we’ll see the market. The balance won’t change and there will be some tightening of supply going into some of these other markets. So we’re - push here, it pops out there, so were not too exercised about the Belarusian product, not at all. And our estimate is, there are only about three vessels of Belarusian product who came here. And if we have a customer in North America that wants to buy a Eastern European potash, Chinese phosphate, there’s Iranian nitrogen, well that’s trifector [ph] of unsecured supplier. So let them buy it. You’ve got Canadian secure producers of potash. I think that’s the right choice for any producers anywhere in the world to buy from.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman from Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Sandy Klugman: Thank you. Good morning. So you mentioned that P&K application rates in the U.S. are in line with prior years. But you also noted that potash and there’s more or less than you had thought. How do you think about demand elasticity for phosphate, and has the consolidation that we’ve seen in the domestic phosphate market over the past year impacted this in your view?
James Prokopanko: Hi, good day, Sandy, welcome to the call. Rick, I’m going to just have you comment on what you’re seeing in terms of our farmer demand of the phosphates.
Richard McLellan: Yes, Sandy. Good morning. I think what we saw in potash and with lower prices is, we saw real on the demand - on the ground demand grow in India, in China, as a reflection of that lower price. When we think about phosphates right now pricing is in such a way that it makes sense for farmers to use it on - use phosphates. And we think at with moderating ammonia prices, we’ll see decent margins for our phosphate business going through the rest of the year.
Richard Mack: Hey, Rick, I might add that - I think now for five or six years in a row, and I think this from an agronomic point of view, when you calculate the amount of P&K, that have been removed from the soils by these monstrous crops last couple of years, it really helps to explain why there is a really solid outlook and foundation for P&K demand.
James Prokopanko: I’m going to add onto that, Sandy. There has been a lot of talk about and noise about all farmers are going to cutback, they have to after economize. Let’s just put this into some perspective. If we see a 10% cut, a farmer - typical farmer reduces P&K by 10%, that’s going to save the farmer about $5 an acre. Now, just to extend that, just take a average yield of sort of mid-average yield of 160 bushels per acre, net price to a farmer for corn is 350 a bushel, that’s $560 an acre revenue a farmer is going to see. Now, do you think the farmers got risk cutting P&K applications by 10% to save $5 or 1.5 bushels of corn, I really think that would be a poor economic in business choice by any farmer to do that. So we are not too exercised by this, and we think farmers are going to make smart economic informed choices, and we just do not see this big cutback in - or much of a cutback if any at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Donald Carson: Hey, Jim, question on potash pricing. In offshore markets, we’ve seen the China settlement that is a nice base-load volume for producers around the world. But we haven’t seen an Indian contract yet, prices seem to be still slipping in Brazil. So I wondered if you could just comment on the offshore outlook. And then just domestically, would you anticipate a Somerville discount this year, kind of returned to normal practices, is that really what dealers are waiting to see before they restock for the second-half?
James Prokopanko: Hey, Don. Good to hear from you. I’m going to take that first question about India potash and what we expect. I’m going to have Rick speak to the Brazil outlook, having recently been there and in the Somerville market. Yes, we’re still waiting for the India settlement, and hard to say, when that’s going to happen, but we can work back with what we know about just the logistics. The Indians are going to need this product in country sometime in July to get to the - to have it available to farmers sometime in July. They’ve got very low inventories from all the reports we hear from the industry and from our people in the country. So they’ve got to get shipping product to their ports soon. From Vancouver, it’s just over 30, it’s about 35-day shipping from Vancouver to the Indian ports then you’ve got to get it in country at another 10 days if it moves promptly. So we’re talking about 40 days a month and a half away to have it there in time of July. So if you needed there in mid-July, let’s say, you’re going to have to have this product on a vessel at the port ready to go before the end of May. So I’m anticipating that the Indians will be booking a contract in the next - sometime early in May, or sometime in May. The price we’ve heard, they are negotiating what’s reported in the trade press with the - Russians are looking for $20 a tonne over last year’s value, we’ll see what it - what the final realization is. But I think the China deal is a good model and we will see India book shortly. Rick?
Richard McLellan: Yes, good morning, Don. I’ll talk about the two things. In Brazil, we’ve seen prices since the Chinese contract stabilized. The issue in Brazil is still about farmer demand. And farmer demand is being impacted by volatility in the currency, longer-term, mid-term, lower or weaker Brazilian real is good for agriculture. And so I think we’ve talked earlier about our expectation of a very strong second-half. And so if you think about what the drivers will be in Brazil, there is only so much logistics capacity to get product into the country and through to the farm. And that’s going to be challenged the longer farmer waits. And so with the currency situation, we see them waiting, but we have seen potash prices stabilize. As far as a Somerville discount today, I would say, we’re a little too early to talk about how markets will work out for this summer. We’ll have to take a look and see just how much demand is going to come from the rest of the world before we discuss what we’re going to do with prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yonah Wiesz from HSBC. Your line is open.
Yonah Wiesz: Yes, hi. Good morning. I’d like to ask a question on sales mix and regional trends in phosphates. In the U.S., we have a bit subdued pricing and demand compared to the higher priced international markets like India and Brazil. I’m wondering how that’s influencing your marketing decisions. I don’t think you’d abandoned the U.S. entirely, but just sales mix in phosphates making a significant shift to foreign markets, and if you are shifting abroad, has there been any secondary sector that impacts on how U.S. purchasers are seeing domestic availability of DAP? Thank you.
Richard Mack:
. :
Richard McLellan: Good morning, Yonah. The prices in North America were –I would say for a while, trending below international prices, which caused us to take a look and say, we need to pull tonnes out of North America. We had existing markets we could go to in India. We did that since that happened, the North American market has popped back up. And so frankly, it’s one of the things that we need to do is look at where we need pressure relief points as a market leader. And that’s the point that we want to make is that, we’re doing those things, so that we can balance the markets. And since we did that - made that move two weeks ago and announced it, we’ve seen the North American prices rise, as well as some of future swaps markets reflect those changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher Parkinson: Perfect. Thank you. Just circling back to phosphates, the high end of your phosphate - you hit the high end of your phosphate guide on 1Q despite a lot of activities from the Chinese, Russians et cetera, being acted in 1Q, but prices moderated a little more than many of us expected. Can just comment on your expectation on price trends, as we head into the back of 2Q and into 3Q, particular is, one of your Russian competitors was fairly bullish on pickup in India. So when should we expect that to flow into debt prices?
James Prokopanko: Rick, why don’t you continue with that on the phosphates?
Richard Mack: Yes, we did see prices come down in Q1 reflecting just a later in delayed start to North American demand. I think the one thing to keep in mind is, we’ve seen decreased raw materials. And so sometimes people get excited about the volatility of the price in phosphates, but we need to - what we focus on is looking at what our stripping margin is, which is net of looking at what the margin is going to be. And so as we drive through, we see as we go into Q3, there is some opportunities for our stripping margins or our gross margins to increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Neel Kumar: Good morning. This is Neel Kumar calling in for Vincent Andrews. We were wondering given the strength in the USD. Do you see any change in the international M&A opportunities there?
James Prokopanko: Hello, Neel. So your question is with the USDA’s or U.S. dollar change, are we seeing changes to demand? Well, yes, on phosphate, it’s having an impact, but as the U.S. dollar gets stronger, we’re seeing the price of our grains and oilseeds realized in the case of Brazil to Brazilian farmers, they’re getting more revenue for it. So it’s - that’s a positive, but a relative to our competitors on the dollar and it’s a bit of a headwind on potash, we have a bit of a tailwind. The Russians have a bigger tailwind, but it’s helped our business and marketing as well. I’m going to have Rich Mack add to that.
Richard Mack: Neel, on the M&A, I would say not really. I don’t think if an opportunity came up, obviously, we would look at the impact at foreign currency fluctuations, would have on that, but it’s not something that we’re particularly focused on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy: Yes, good morning. A few related questions on share repurchases. First, would you advise the amount that you repurchased in the quarter, as well as the remainder on your authorization? And then more broadly, can you discuss your latest thoughts on capacity to recapitalize? I think you mentioned, you have $700 million in excess cash. If you look at your net debt seems to be running about half of a turn of EBITDA roughly. So would seem that you have dry powder so to speak of more than that. I was wondering if you could address that in the context of the correction in the share price. Thank you.
James Prokopanko: Good morning, Kevin, and welcome. Good topical question and our CFO Rich Mack is going to address that for you. Rich?
Richard Mack: Thanks, Jim, and good morning, Kevin. So nothing has changed materially, I think from the extensive information that we provided at Analyst Day at the end of March. Your question how much do we buy in the quarter? It’s about $125 million of stock we repurchased in the first quarter of 2015. And some of the things that I would share with you just from a color commentary perspective is Mosaic’s strong cash flow generation $650 million in the first quarter, which is very positive, and as you noted, we have about $700 million currently of excess cash. So we have $100 million or $150 million left under our current share repurchase authorization. And we expect that we will exhaust that remaining authorization. As I noted in the Analyst Day events, we will be reviewing the issue of capital, capital management, and additional share authorizations with our board, and we have our Annual Meeting just to note in the mid-May time horizon. So we’ll certainly provide additional updates when we have more information. We agree with you at current prices. Mosaic’s share price is very attractive. I would note that we have been extraordinarily active in the last 14 months. We have repurchased 60 million shares of Mosaic stock. And with respect to our balance sheet targets, I think I indicated in Florida that our mix on our liquidity buffer are 2.5 billion, that is something that we will continue to review. And the mix between cash and revolver capacity is something that could change over time. And with respect to our leverage target, we’re comfortable, but it’s something that we continue to look at. I mean, we look at this not on a net debt basis, we look on it - as a rating agency we’d look at it. So on an adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA basis and if we do it that way, we’re at - currently at the high-end of the range, but we’ll work our way down to the low end of the range just with our EBITDA incremental generation here in the next few years. So the main objective that we have would be practical and capital, a good balance with growth investments and shareholder distributions, and to maintain our solid investment grade credit ratings.
James Prokopanko: Thanks, Rich. I’m just going to - Kevin just reinforce something Rich said. And that is we’ve purchased - repurchased $2.8 billion of our stock since the beginning of 2014. So there’s a little doubt that we know how to do a buyback. And I think you all know that the increase - to do another buyback we need board authorization. And Rich is right to say, we have a AGM coming up. Our board meeting come up - coming up, and this will be pop of the screen topics for our board to consider, so just stay tuned. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken: Yes. Hi, good morning. I just wanted to go through the kind of the cadence about your cost, I look for both phosphate and potash over the remainder of the year. Specifically on phosphate, I mean, how quickly could we start to see some of these lower sulfur and ammonia costs roll through to your P&L? And then on potash, I know historically, you’ve taken more of cutbacks in the third quarter, but it sounds like now you’re going to be running in a more stable operating rates, so would it be fair to you kind of the past profile we saw in the first quarter and from that through? Thank you so much.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Michael, thanks for the question. I’m going to a turn this over to Joc O’Rourke, our Operations leader to address your question.
James O’Rourke: Thanks, Michael. Yes, just let’s hit the phosphate question first. In the next couple of quarters, we’re seeing probably a downward trend on ammonia pricing likely to hit us and probably a flat, when we look at the World Markets, probably a flat sulfur pricing in the next couple of quarters. In terms of timing, the way that hits us is with moving it through the cost of goods sold, it’s probably a lag period of somewhere between one-and-a-half and three months for that really to show up. So there’s always a little bit of a time lag there. What we would see is the more recent ammonia pricing and we really start seeing that about a quarter away. So next quarter, we should start seeing the impact of that. In terms of the potash business, generally our shutdowns, our plant turnarounds are held - done in the summer months because of weather and availability. So we wouldn’t see ourselves running at high operating rates in the months of July, August, and September. Those would traditionally be our lower operating rate months. And so our costs will reflect that in those months.
Richard Mack: I’m going to add to that Michael. Our operating costs and raw material costs are important strategic levers that we have a good bit of control over, not entire control over, but we could influence up those costs. And we’ve been working hard to do that. We had back in 2014, we took some curtailment, because we believe that ammonia and sulfur were getting on the line with the pricing of the finished product. And that had the desired impact. We’ve also made investments in a sulfur melter that will be operational towards the end of this year. And that is going to give us some optionality in sourcing sulfur from nontraditional North American markets. We have the anhydrous ammonia supply agreement with CF industries that’s going to give us a preferred pricing on ammonia. And we’re also looking at debottlenecking our Louisiana ammonia facility again to provide us with some lower-cost ammonia. So you’re right onto ask that question to follow that component, it’s so important in phosphates that would really is the principal financial item to look at is the stripping margin or the gross margin not so much the price when we run that business. So cost big, big deal for us here at Mosaic, and we are really focused on that and doing what we can to keep us in that - to the bottom end of the cost curve.
Richard Mack: With that, I’m going to wrap up the call. Michael was the last question. And I want to, first of all, thank everybody for being on this call today. I know this is a busy earnings day with you and some other people in our space reporting. So I know you have your hands full. I just want to conclude with some of our key messages, I hope you’ve already heard, but we’ll reinforce. First, Mosaic delivered very good performance for the quarter, and certainly compared to the prior year, we’re really pleased with where the quarter ended. We’re well ahead of last year largely, because the growth investments that we’ve made and the cost-cutting programs are really starting to show a payoff. Second, we expect 2015 to be good year for both potash and phosphates shipments with strong growing global demand for both our products. And finally, Mosaic is very well situated - ideally situated, I would say the benefit from the positive secular trends we’re seeing in the ag space and to deliver strong returns to our shareholders. With that, thanks, everybody, for joining us, and have a safe day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon -  James T. Prokopanko - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Richard L. Mack - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President of Commercial Michael Rahm -  James C. O'Rourke - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Christopher S. Parkinson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division Yonah Weisz - HSBC, Research Division Andrew D. Wong - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will review Mosaic's accomplishments for the quarter and our views on current and future market conditions. Rich will share his insights into our results and our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, February 11, 2015, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning to you all. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter earnings meeting. A year ago, on our fourth quarter 2013 earnings call, I said the following: We're starting to see some rays of sunlight at the end of this tunnel, and Mosaic is well positioned for the daylight to come. Well, our predictions don't always come true, but in this case, it's very gratifying to be proven right. The sunlight was real and Mosaic was, and is, in excellent position to benefit in better parts of the business cycle. Given that we updated our earnings expectations in mid-January, we realized our results don't come as a surprise. So today, we will focus on the drivers behind our strong finish to the year and we'll discuss our outlook for 2015. Our key messages for today are: First, our earnings are beginning to reflect the leverage we've built into the business through our many strategic moves. I want to emphasize that we outperformed expectations without significant appreciation in prices for our products or in the prices of grains and oilseeds. Second, robust demand for our products and good execution were the primary drivers of our earnings, and we expect global demand to remain strong in 2015. And third, we are successfully executing our strategic initiatives and many of them are now fully operationalized. For the quarter, Mosaic earned $361 million or $0.97 per share, including a positive impact of $0.10 per share of notable items, an increase of roughly threefold from a year ago. Our revenues for the quarter were $2.4 billion, up 9% over the fourth quarter of 2013. Both of Mosaic's business segments outperformed our expectations. In Phosphates, our volumes exceeded the top of our initial guidance range by 450,000 tonnes as customers sought to position inventory in anticipation of a strong spring application season. The Phosphates segment generated $286 million in gross margin and improved its gross margin rate to 18.2% during the quarter. The Potash segment exceeded our gross margin guidance by several percentage points as cost per tonne dropped and we operated at very high operating rates, mostly because of a highly successful Canpotex proving run at Colonsay. We also continued to generate strong operating cash flow of $382 million during the quarter, bringing our full year cash flow from operations to $2.3 billion, an almost $300 million improvement over 2013. We are putting our cash to use by continuing to invest in the business, both organically and strategically, and repurchasing our shares. And we ended the quarter with $2.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents. For the full year of 2014, we delivered good results despite the choppy market conditions throughout the year. Mosaic earned $1 billion on revenues of $9.1 billion, both essentially flat when compared with 2013, but with significantly more positive trends exiting the year. We have built a business model that is both resilient to challenging market conditions and positioned to accelerate quickly as conditions improve. Our results for the quarter and the year corroborate both of these concepts. Market conditions stabilized in the fourth quarter, but grain and oilseed prices remained relatively low. Demand for our products, on the other hand, was extremely strong. Our fourth quarter is typically a seasonally slow period for us, but our customers came to the market in force. We met the demand with excellent operational performance. Our potash mines ran at 91% of capacity, higher than expected because of the strong demand and the Colonsay proving run I mentioned earlier. Going into the quarter, producer inventories were very low and despite running all out, we shipped rather than stored the vast majority of the potash tonnes we produced. The phosphate story has also been good. Global demand for phosphates has been strong for some time, and the trend continued in the fourth quarter. In November, we announced and executed a phosphate production curtailment in response to high raw material costs. Ammonia prices softened and customers stepped in to purchase our products, and as a result, we were able to exit the fourth quarter without building high-cost inventory for the spring season. This is a good illustration of our market leadership in phosphates. I'd now like to highlight some of the other progress we made during the quarter and the year. As I mentioned, we completed a successful Canpotex proving run at Colonsay, significantly exceeding targeted production. As a result, our peaking capacity increased by 700,000 tonnes, and our Canpotex entitlement is now 40.6% effective January 2015. In total, our proving runs for Esterhazy and Colonsay added 1.7 million tonnes compared to the expected increase of 1.3 million tonnes, almost 30% higher. These exceptional results were delivered on budget and on time. The CF acquisition and integration are, for all intents and purposes, complete, and we are generating better-than-expected financial and operational synergies from the additional facilities. The ADM distribution acquisition in Brazil and Paraguay closed near the end of the year, and integration work is proceeding well. We are now a major player in South America with the capacity to distribute 6 million tonnes of product. We continue to be on track for the first phase of our Esterhazy K3 project, which is expected to begin delivering tonnes in 2017. The board has approved the modification of the original scope to accelerate the second phase of K3 development. The accelerated construction plan will move up the time frame when we could execute the option to replace underground mining operations at K1 and K2 and, thus, entirely eliminate brine management costs. We'll discuss the Esterhazy expansion and the options it gives us in more detail at our Analyst Day next month. We completed the divestitures of our Southern Cone operations, sold our Hersey mine and discontinued higher-cost MOP production at our Carlsbad mine. Those facilities were not meeting our return expectations and those moves are behind us. We're significantly ahead of plan in our expense savings initiatives with identified savings of $500 million to be realized over a 5-year period. Rich Mack, our CFO, will cover the capital and balance sheet work we accomplished this year in more detail, but I would like to note that we reached our debt leverage target while returning more than $3.1 billion to shareholders. And last but not least, the Ma'aden project continues to rise from the desert, and we've included a couple of recent photos of the facility in our slide presentation today. 2014 was a busy year for Mosaic, but we are not resting. As we move into this year, we're proceeding with the evaluation of a de-bottlenecking project at our Faustina, Louisiana, ammonia plant. Our MicroEssentials conversion at New Wales is well underway, and we are also building a sulfur smelter at our New Wales, Florida, plant in close proximity to other chemical plants so that we will be more self-sufficient in phosphate, raw material sourcing. We believe the investments we're making will allow us to maintain our advantage as a low-cost producer. We accomplished all this work and all the normal course of business work while once again improving our safety performance. We set records in our key safety measures for the third consecutive year, which is a real source of pride for the Mosaic team. This long list of accomplishments distinguishes Mosaic by our ability to execute on projects that will benefit our shareholders. Mosaic is indeed a much more powerful franchise at the end of 2014 than just a year ago. We're thrilled with our progress and we're excited about the future. Before I talk about our outlook for this year, I'd like to ask Rich Mack to provide more detail on the quarter and our capital. Rich?
Richard L. Mack: Thank you, Jim, and good morning. To continue Jim's message, a quarter ago, we suggested that the weak market sentiment that was then pervasive across agriculture was overblown. The results we reported today demonstrate that markets are much more stable than some might think and that we can generate a lot of cash even when commodity markets are not moving upward. This morning, I will provide a bit more color on our segment results, give some insight on our capital plan now that many of our strategic initiatives have been completed and lay out our new guidance for 2015. In the Phosphates segment, our disciplined paid off. After curtailing some phosphate production during the fourth quarter, raw material cost declined and dealers stepped in. We avoided building high-cost inventory, which was the main objective of the curtailment, especially when we saw ammonia and sulfur prices moving opposite of ag commodity prices. Our margins in this segment were higher than expected as a result of both lower mine rock costs and a $10 million pricing adjustment on purchased rock from Miski Mayo which is not expected to recur in the first quarter. In the Potash segment, margins improved dramatically due to our high operating rates and our aggressive cost reduction program. We delivered record production and delivered near-record-low MOP cash costs of $91 per tonne, which includes brine management expenses of $17 per tonne. I'd like to reinforce Jim's message regarding our potash expansions. They are proceeding very well. We have successfully executed Canpotex proving runs at Colonsay and Esterhazy K2, and the massive K3 project remains on schedule and on budget. These expansions are good examples of our prudent capital stewardship, which is underpinned by rigorous planning and solid execution. Like our other major investments, the potash projects have outperformed our initial expectations. Transitioning to capital as we move into 2015. Our overall philosophy on capital management has not changed in any meaningful way. Our priorities, in order, are: to maintain our assets as well as our dividend policy; to invest in growth on organic projects and strategic opportunities that have attractive risk-adjusted returns; and finally, to return cash in excess of our stated liquidity buffer to shareholders. I am happy to say that we delivered on all 4 fronts in 2014, which we believe is a distinguishing characteristic for Mosaic. The transformation of Mosaic's balance sheet in the past 13 months has been remarkable, and I would especially highlight our shareholder distributions. Since our restrictions on share repurchases expired in November 2013, we have repurchased $2.8 billion of stock. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased $259 million of common stock, a clear sign that we find our stock to be a compelling buying opportunity right now. Of course, we also maintained our $1-per-share annual dividend. We are committed to maintaining our balance sheet targets, and our excess cash balance is estimated to be around $500 million once we complete our current share repurchase authorization. While 2014 was a very active year, we will continue to execute against this philosophy in 2015 and beyond, and I'll have more information and updates on our capital plans at our Analyst Day next month. Before I move on to guidance, let me provide an update on our upcoming segment reporting changes. With the acquisition of ADM's distribution business in Brazil and Paraguay, we intend to manage and report a new international distribution segment. Beginning with the first quarter of 2015, we will report 4 segments: Phosphates, Potash, International Distribution and Corporate, with the Phosphates segment splitting out manufacturing from international distribution and a separate Corporate segment containing our legacy Argentinian and Chilean businesses, as well as mark-to-market adjustments on derivatives. The objective of creating a new segment is to increase transparency and improve peer benchmarking and business modeling. Note that we plan to make historical financials available in early March and we will provide additional guidance at that time. Now let's move onto our guidance for the first quarter and 2015 under our current reporting structure. In Phosphates, we expect margins to be in the mid-teens as a result of higher expected realized phosphate rock costs, with operating rates expected to be in the 80% to 85% range. Sales volumes are expected to range from 2.8 million to 3.1 million tonnes for the first quarter. This compares to 2.7 million tonnes in last year's period. We expect to see the full benefit of tonnes shipped to the former ADM distribution business in 2015. We expect our realized prices for DAP to range from $440 to $465 per tonne during the first quarter. In Potash, we anticipate that our mines will operate at high rates to meet global demand. Our operating rate is expected to be in the range of 85% to 90%. We expect potash sales volumes to be in the range of 2.0 million to 2.3 million tonnes during the first quarter compared with actual volumes of 2.4 million tonnes in the same period last year. We expect average realized potash prices to be in the range of $270 to $295 per tonne with a marginally higher mix of standard-grade international shipments and with limited upside given North American shipment constraints and inventory availability. The gross margin rate for the Potash segment is expected to be in the upper 30% range. For the full year, we expect Canadian Resource Taxes and Royalties to be in a range of $215 million to $275 million. Our guidance for full year brine management expenses is $180 million to $200 million. We expect SG&A for the year to be in the range of $360 million to $380 million, which includes the SG&A inherited from our recent acquisitions that will be more than offset by the benefits from our expense reduction initiatives. For the year, we estimate an effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, in the low to mid-20% range. Our tax rate for 2014 was higher due to our decision to repatriate cash from Esterhazy, which was used for our investment activity and to return capital to shareholders. We expect capital expenditures and equity investments for 2015 to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion. And finally, we are adding 2 new data points to our annual guidance. For 2015, we expect annual phosphate sales volumes, including international distribution volumes, to be in the range of 14.5 million to 15 million tonnes and potash sales volumes to range from 8.5 million to 9 million tonnes. At our Analyst Day in late March, we will provide a longer-term outlook for our business, including capital expenditures and investments. The event will be held at Streamsong Resort in Florida and will be webcast. I would encourage you to participate. It's a pretty good place to be, especially at the end of March. With that, I will turn the call back now to Jim for his closing thoughts.
James T. Prokopanko: Thank you, Rich. This was a strong quarter for Mosaic and it gave us solid momentum as we moved out of a challenging 2014. All indications point to continuing strength in global demand for potash and phosphates through the North American spring. That is not to say that the outlook for agriculture markets are certain. The conditions that were creating weak sentiment last fall still exist. Two consecutive record global harvests have taken a bite out of grain and oilseed prices, and another record crop in 2015 would probably cause more pain for the world's farmers. As always, weather and commodity cycles will affect agriculture and Mosaic. Nevertheless, we continue to believe that the negative sentiment toward our industry has been overblown because farmers will farm, and when they do, they will nourish their crops, and because those consecutive record crops removed record amounts of nutrients from the soil, nutrients that must be replaced. Mosaic is ideally situated to generate strong returns over the coming decades. We've made bold investments for growth. We've reduced our costs, and we'll reduce them even more in the future. We've built an efficient balance sheet and generated cash to return to our shareholders. We have the scale, the talent, the assets and the financial resources to lead this market in the years ahead. Now we'll take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joel Jackson, BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Two questions. First question on Q1 potash, the guide, could you break that down on volumes between North America and international? And could you comment on whether the delayed China contract is holding back volumes in other offshore markets?
James T. Prokopanko: Joel, Jim Prokopanko here. Welcome to the call. I should've said something at the beginning of the call. I'll just do that now. We're doing this -- hosting this call from Phoenix, Arizona. We're attending the TFI winter meeting, so we're in a room that isn't as sound secure as we normally seem -- have been, so you might hear some noise and a little racket in the back, and so we apologize for that. But Joel, 2 questions that you asked. You asked about the China contract and impacts on demand in other markets, and the question about potash. I'll take the first one about the Canpotex contract, and then I'll turn it over to Rich Mack to talk about the timing of the sales. The China contract is -- a lot of people are waiting for it. We're quite patient about it here at Mosaic. We expect something could happen in the first quarter. With respect to China, we don't have a need to get something in the book right now. We're completely booked on shipments for the Q1 quarter. We just don't have any capacity to ship if we wanted to. So there's no rush from our point of view on getting that contract done. People are looking at it as a reference marker, but people are continuing to buy, our product's being shipped into China and we're seeing some signs of rising prices in other Southeast Asian -- or Asian markets. So it's not brought the market to a halt by any means and it'll get all sorted out in due time, and we expect it'll be good volumes and with -- and we're sticking to our guns on the increase that we're looking for with the Chinese. So just stay tuned. Rich, will you talk of the timing of the sale for potash?
Richard L. Mack: Sure, Jim. Joel, in the fourth quarter, just for a reference point, the North American split for potash sales was 42%; and international was roughly in the low 50%, call it, 53-ish percent range. I think as we go into Q1, as we noted in our remarks, you're going to see that international component up slightly from those Q4 numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess, maybe just a question for you, Rich, first. If I heard your numbers correctly on the call, it sounds like, there's 400 -- there's -- actually, you know what? I take that back. Jim, can I just ask you, you said that you're sold out for 1Q in potash, but then you've got a range of 2 million to 2.3 million tonnes of potash for the quarter. So what's going to delineate that 2 million to 2.3 million if you're sold out?
James T. Prokopanko: Vincent, glad to have you on the call. I hope you're well. We're sold out of Q1 production. We've got everything that we're producing fully committed and sold going in with low inventories. We do have more that we'll sell, but we are just completely committed on the production we have. Rich -- Rick McLellan wants to add a comment about that.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. I think, with anything, Vincent, there's a range for -- it -- because it's still -- we may have it sold, but it's around execution. So there's -- we have rail risks, we have weather risks. And so that's what the range reflects. We're very well sold into this marketplace and continue to execute very well, but there always is risk in execution.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. Second question was to -- you didn't have a question for Rich? That was it? Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: A couple of questions on the domestic potash market. What impact does the Vanscoy restart and expansion have on your domestic volumes? And how have you factored that into your volume guidance for the year? And then, as Mike Rahm's pointed out, freight rates are down significantly. Vancouver to China's down $10 since November, we're seeing declines in some of your phosphate rates as well. So are you assuming that you could hang on to those lower freight rates and get higher net backs in both P&K?
James T. Prokopanko: Don, good to hear from you. I'll take that first question, just talk to the -- your question about Vanscoy, and my colleagues will answer your second freight question. Vanscoy, reports that we hear, it's starting. They're working on it, they're starting to bring it up. I'm not sure at what pace they will bring that up, but we're, at this point, not anticipating any kind of disruptions in the marketplace, certainly not in the first half and given the low inventories that producers have in Canada. With that said, North America is a very competitive market. By the second half, we may find that some of the additional Agrium tonnes are not required, but our practice, I'm just speaking for Mosaic, has been to produce to demand. We'll continue to practice that. We do not see material changes coming on in -- with respect to market shares in North America and the market will find an equilibrium. The -- some changes -- and I'll just add that we're seeing some importers attempting to bring product into North America this spring. That has not been disruptive, as far as what we can see. We have one traditional import supplier that's had a flooded mine. I expect the other Eastern European supplier might fill those shoes and -- if they do. So we're seeing it a -- being a very tight North American market. And as I said, production is fully committed in the first quarter and we expect a strong second quarter, so we just don't -- we don't see excess capacity in the potash market. The second question was about transportation, Don. And Rick, do you want to answer that? Rick McLellan, our commercial leader.
Richard N. McLellan: Don, Mike did do a good job of outlining just how low the Baltic Index is right now, plus the impact of low bunker prices. We're seeing it in freight rates right now, both on potash and phosphates. Our sense is that a portion of that, we will get to capture. And right now, it's just sorting itself out, but there are some significant changes have occurred. And Mike wants to add piece.
Michael Rahm: Oh. Don, yes, I think it boils down to the relative strength of supply and demand in terms of how that is split. And right now, it's much like raw material cost in phosphate in terms of who keeps that gain, and it's the relative strength of demand. And the markets right now look positive, and I think that bodes pretty well in terms of what producers can hang onto in terms of both lower raw material cost in the case of phosphate as well as lower freight rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank.
Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Is there an opportunity to review your dividend policy in the near term? And how do you think about your yield versus your peers? I guess, Mosaic has come a long way in the last 2 or 3 years since you last raised your dividend.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks for that question, Ben. I'm going to ask Rich Mack, our CFO, to address that question.
Richard L. Mack: Thanks, Ben, and a relevant question. The way that we look at it, I think, is in connection with the overall capital management philosophy that we articulated in, for the first time, I think it was May of 2013, and since that time, I think it has served us well. Our current dividend yield is about 2%, which is in line with the S&P. And as you probably remember, we've said that we're going to grow the dividend as our business grows and since that time, of course, we've acquired CF Industries. We just closed on ADM. We've brought a lot of incremental potash capacity online. And so our business is growing. And in the future years ahead of us, we would expect that we would see commensurate growth in our EBITDA. So I think with Mosaic, what you could be thinking about is balance. It's not only dividends, but it's share repurchases. And at the current equity price that we were at during the greater part of 2014, we deployed about $2.8 billion in share repurchases because we felt as though our stock was undervalued, especially an under-appreciation, in my view, of our Phosphates business. And so what I would say is stay tuned. We do have the Analyst Day coming up next month at Streamsong, and we do intend to spend some additional time on capital management, which would include some commentary on dividends at that point.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Rich. I'm going to just add to that and just reinforce what the -- our capital philosophy has been. We've been, first of all, committed to maintaining our investment-grade ratings and our financial flexibility, and that comes with a sizable liquidity buffer; second, we will set aside the capital that's necessary to sustain our operating assets and maintain the dividends you're seeing; next, and you've seen it, we will invest in organic growth; and fourth, we pursue acquisitions, we've done a few of those. And joint ventures, we're doing that. And finally, the excess cash that we see, we return to shareholders. I got to reinforce, we've not been chintzy about, I think, the number we gave is, the last couple of years, we returned $3.1 billion in cash to shareholders. So stay tuned. We're not cabbaging away stockpiles of cash and we're going to be reasonable and prudent about the -- keeping the right kind of balance sheet. So thanks for that question, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson, Credit Suisse.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Perfect. Given the rally in several sulfur and seeds abroad, can you talk a little more about your expectations for Tampa pricing over both the short and the long term?
James T. Prokopanko: I'll hand that right over to Joc O'Rourke, our COO. Joc?
James C. O'Rourke: Yes. Chris, the quarter 1 sulfur prices have been settled at $147, which was up $18 but not up substantially over last year. And that gives us price stability for the rest of this quarter and somewhat into the second quarter in terms of what goes into our products. So we've got short-term stability at about $30 below the China market, let's call it. Longer term, really, it's going to be about the U.S. refineries building up to the summer shipping period. So we'll have better supply once those U.S. refineries are running hard, which should be a moderator to any kind of demand increases. And then, the other thing worthy of mentioning in that is by building our sulfur melter, we're really giving ourselves the flexibility to participate in any market depending on what gives us the best value.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Perfect. And just a quick follow-up. I understand you probably don't want to front-run your Analyst Day, but could you just give us a little more insight or potential insight for de-bottlenecking of Faustina? And particularly, anything on volume potential and any preliminary thoughts on timeline?
James C. O'Rourke: So yes, we will discuss this in more detail in our Analyst Day, but as a sort of a quick estimate, it's probably a couple of years, and we're looking at in the range of 15% to 20% increase in production from that facility, so in the range of, let's call it, 80,000 to 100,000 incremental tonnes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: You talked about your potash taxes being between $215 million and $275 million for 2015, which is about a 30% difference. I was wondering, is that wide gap because it's hard to calculate what you're going to earn in potash or it's hard to calculate the taxes? And then secondly, I was hoping you might comment on why global phosphate prices appear to be rising.
James T. Prokopanko: Welcome to the call, Jeff. I'm going to have Rich address the question about the resource taxes on potash.
Richard L. Mack: Hey, Jeff, nice to hear from you. I think the answer is yes to both of your components. First, we do expect that we are going to have more profitability in our Potash business in 2015, and so that is one component. And probably, the bigger swing and maybe the reason for the wider range is what constitutes as deductible capital and whether or not that actually happens in 2015. So higher profits and overall lower deductible capital in 2015 is the reason why the projections for the CRT will be higher next year.
James T. Prokopanko: Your second question was about the phosphate prices going up. Really glad that's happened and glad you're noticing it. Mike's got a good analysis on why -- what we think is behind the increasing prices and why we have a solid foundation in that market.
Michael Rahm: Thanks, Jim, and Jeff, I think the story on phosphate, on one hand, it's a good demand story even absent one of the most important buyers, for all intents and purposes, namely India. And I think going forward, we would fully expect that India is going to be back in the market in a much bigger way this year and in the -- really, for the rest of this decade. But I think the other fact that's not fully appreciated is what's happened on the supply side. If you go down the list of major suppliers and take a look at some of the adjustments that have taken place over the last year or 2, there were some pretty dramatic changes. You can probably calculate 2.5 million to 3 million tonnes of supply that is no longer producing. So in the United States, the PotashCorp's Suwannee River plant has been shut down, about 400,000 tonnes of MAP equivalent there. The Misvos [ph] plant has shut down. Close to 600,000 tonnes there. And even around the globe, for example, the UralChem plant in Voskresensk, Russia, shut down last January because it couldn't negotiate a reasonable rock contract. The Tunisians are producing at half of their rate due to labor unrest, environmental issues. OCP is in a turnaround with many of their plants converting to wet rock as opposed to dry rock. And even in places like Brazil, if you look at their production numbers for the last year, their MAP production was off about 11%, equal to about 140,000 tonnes. Their SSP production down 6%, over 300,000 tonnes. So good demand coupled with the fact that -- there have been some supply issues, and a lot of attention has been placed on, geez, the Chinese export of 8 million tonnes of product last year. The fact is, I think, the market needed that given the demand-and-supply developments.
James T. Prokopanko: Jeff, I encourage you and your colleagues all to just pay closer attention to this phosphate market. It's a story we've been -- the drum we've been beating for a couple of years now. This is a market that's not fully understood, and by that, not fully appreciated. This is a good -- the phosphate is a good market. It's really transformed over the last 5, 6 years. We've seen the structure change. We've seen the alternative suppliers find higher costs. Demand has just been outstanding. We're going to be over -- well over, I think it's 65 million, 66 million tonnes of phosphate production, and it just is one that keeps on going and just hasn't had the spotlight. Well, I think phosphate's day has come, and investors have to be mindful of that and be mindful of who the largest producer of finished phosphates in the world is. And that's Mosaic, if you didn't know.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar, Citibank.
P. J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, two questions. First, in your December monthly Mosaic update, you talked about P&K volumes being down 20% to 25% for the fall, and then in January, you reported robust volumes. So I guess my first question is what changed between sort of December and January?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, welcome, P.J. I'll just give you a quick recap, then I'll let my colleagues, either Rick McLellan or Mike Rahm, add their perspective. And it's got our attention. How could we be off? And at the time that we looked at -- in that November period, early November, we're looking at the big crop coming off in North America. We saw commodity prices, grain, oilseed, wheat prices, weakening and we expected some lower -- frankly, quite a bit lower corn prices, and we were getting ready for a hard landing. The fact was that demand for grains and oilseeds picked up, the crop wasn't quite as big as we thought and we saw grain and oilseed prices stabilize. With that, it was clear that farmers were going to farm again. And even with lower prices, farmers aren't going to grow a smaller crop, they want to grow -- they need to grow a bigger crop. So we knew they'd be coming to the market. We weren't quite sure when. And when it became clear that grain and oilseed prices weren't going to fall off the table, dealers started coming back, farmers started to play their hand that they were going to buy product again, and here we go again. Rick, do you want to add something?
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. P.J., we talked in Market Mosaic, and I'll let Mike talk about the thought process there, but we talked about application being down. And we made the point that it -- a lot of it is weather-related, and farmers that were applying and did get the chance to apply, applied at normal rates. And the second piece that changed in December, and it came quite quickly, was the fact that farmers came in to retailers and bought prepaid fertilizer for this spring's application at much higher amounts than last year, so that forced the dealers to step in and buy. It's a real good situation, and you can't confuse shipments versus applications.
Michael Rahm: Yes, Rick, and I'd just add a couple of things. One, I think, weather. We -- the fall application season ended pretty early in November, and that's when we made the assessment that usage on the farm was probably off 20% to 25% from normal. And it was off, as Rick pointed out, not due to cutbacks in application rates necessarily, but simply that farmers couldn't spread as many acres as they wanted to because of weather. One other factor that I think came into play is that while November was a bad month, weather-wise, December turned out to be pretty mild. And I recall talking to several dealers at our ag college in early January that December was a very good month in terms of on-farm application in certain parts of the United States. So there's a pretty good tail onto the end of the season. And then the other factor, in terms of retailers, I think retailers saw that good tail application. And then, at the same time, you'll recall that prices bottomed in November and began to increase throughout December and into January, and then certainly, that provided dealers with some incentive to step up and position some product. And then throw on top of that all of the concerns that people have had about logistics and getting product in place. So people were -- sort of sensed the bottom was in, concerned about logistics, let's fill up, and so retail dealers began to fill at that time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy, Bank of America.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: If we look at your phosphate sales volume guidance for 2015 of 14.5 million to 15 million tonnes, it seems to suggest a much more rapid growth rate in your own phosphate volumes relative to the global market volumes that you outline on Slide 5. And so I was wondering if you could clarify, does that 14.5 million to 15 million compare apples-to-apples with your, it looks like, 12.6 million tonnes in '14? And if so, perhaps you could elaborate on why you would expect to gain share, apparently, as the year progresses.
James T. Prokopanko: Hey, welcome to the call, Kevin. I'm going to turn it over to Rick McLellan, our commercial leader, to address that.
Richard N. McLellan: Kevin, I think the rate -- I think the range 14.5 million to 15 million really affects the -- it really shows 2 things: one is the full year impact of the CF production that we're going to sell, or the business that we got from CF; and the ADM sales volumes that will come in to 2015.
Richard L. Mack: And Kevin, this is Rich. In early March, when we post the historical financials for our Phosphates segment, we will have revised guidance for the new segments, so for the manufacturing part of the business and the international distribution component of the business. And nobody will be happier than me when we break those down into 2 separate reporting segments. So you'll get more information in a few weeks.
James T. Prokopanko: Kevin, to you and other listeners, we've been talking for the last 24 months at Mosaic about the various things we're doing to improve our business, to expand and grow our business. And we're starting to see the results of many of these actions over the last 24 months. The CF work, it's coming to market now. We're seeing the benefits. We're seeing the lower costs that we're -- and scale that, that brings with us. ADM, we've only owned that for about 6 weeks now. I was in Brazil last week. The market's a little late. As in North America, the farmers are a little slow to come to market, but it's going to work out very, very well for us. That access to 2 of the ports, to 2 of the inland distribution warehouses and the blend plants, we are extraordinarily well positioned. Perhaps the best in the country, the best phosphate, potash producer to get our products to those customers. So you're going to -- it's -- you're going to see the payback from this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly, CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Just 2 things. I'm curious how the road delays in Brazil affect your thoughts about ramping up new initiatives with those distribution assets. And second, I'm curious if the Carlsbad closing had a meaningful impact on the margins that we should be taking into account when we're thinking about the future quarters.
James T. Prokopanko: Mark, I'll take the first question about Brazil, having just literally got back, and I'll have Joc address the second question. The -- I think you said it's the rail delays? Or road...
Mark W. Connelly - CLSA Limited, Research Division: The road delays. I mean, stuff that was supposed to be finished in December, and now they're saying it's not even close.
James T. Prokopanko: That's the road up to the Amazon, up to Santarem. That's -- the big chunk of it is completed, but there's pieces in the middle that aren't completed. Rainy season, it's tough to fully utilize that road. It's not really disrupting our efforts. We are working at -- we brought a vessel in to the Amazon and tried that out. So that road's going to get built. Logistics are a challenge in Brazil. You're absolutely right. That's where it was so important for us to make this investment with the ADM distribution business. It gives us additional port access, allows us the time with the additional warehouse capacity and space in-country in Mato Grosso and the northern states -- northern locations in the soybean-growing area. It gives us the opportunity to get product much closer to the producer than we previously had. The other part is just to comment about this season. Farmers are coming to the market a little later. We've had some economic issues in Brazil, the country has. The real's devalued, which in the end means soybean farmers are going to get more cash, more U.S. dollars for their soybeans. So farmers are just being, as in North America, a little more cautious. But that doesn't mean that they're not going to buy in style. So we're optimistic about a -- yet another good season ahead of us in Brazil. So it's all working out, and that's one thing about Brazil. As big as the challenges are, they somehow make that place work and we really enhanced our position with additional port and interior distribution. Joc, your turn.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes. So Carlsbad. Of course, the strategic reasoning behind Carlsbad is with the new production that we've brought on through K2 expansion and now Colonsay expansion, we can deliver to the U.S. markets more economically from our Canadian mines. And what that means overall is a margin improvement of probably in the range of $4 a tonne, all coming from the cost of delivery.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yonah Weisz, HSBX (sic) [ HSBC ].
Yonah Weisz - HSBC, Research Division: That's Yonah Weisz from HSBC. If I may ask a question on India demand, both for potash and for phosphate. And then, just one quick follow-up clarification. In India, we had an article out, I believe today, that's like saying that there could be actually, perhaps, 5 million tonnes of potash demand in the coming year. And I'm wondering if you could give some detailed color of how you see that market, both from a regulatory point of view and perhaps your point of view, as well as the actual demand on the ground, both, of course, for potash but also very significantly for phosphates. It seems that there's going to be strong demand in North America, then, I guess, the India, would even have a greater impact. And I'm wondering if you could give more detail on that. And then, the second quick clarification question, I think perhaps, Jim, did you say earlier on that potash shipments are still continuing to China? Or did I mishear that?
James T. Prokopanko: Yonah, sorry, the -- your line is just breaking up a bit. The second question about potash was -- can you repeat that please?
Yonah Weisz - HSBC, Research Division: Did I hear you possibly say that potash shipments are still continuing to China?
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, yes, I got you. I'll take that question and then Mike can address your question about Indian potash, phosphate demand. Yes, there is -- some of the suppliers in the world are providing continued shipments, although in a much reduced rate, even without a contract. So product is moving. Not -- nothing near what the Chinese need to China. So we had good shipments ourselves to China in the second half, and as I said, we do not have the tonnes to ship this quarter, but we have seen some other people move product into position unpriced, and that all yet has to be priced and that will happen, as it feels now, sometime after the Chinese New Year. But definitely, in this first quarter, the Chinese need to have product moved in earnest to China, certainly by sometime in April. Mike, over to you.
Michael Rahm: Sure. With respect to India -- and Yonah, good to talk with you again. I think there are several factors that make us think the stars and moons are lining up in India for very strong import demand. If you start at the farm, farm economics in India remain very good, given some of the increases and their minimum support prices, given the fact that subsidies are in place for fertilizer. We believe that the pipeline in India is at extremely low levels and there's a real need to replenish that. And when I talk about the pipeline, I'm referring primarily to the retail pipeline, the tens of thousands of shops that have a few bags of fertilizer in the back storage room. We think that's where the pipeline is pretty much bare. And then, a couple of other factors. The rupee has performed reasonably well given the chaos that's taken place in the rest of the world. And then, finally, I think if India's going to make any change in subsidy programs, this is a year where there is some potential for that. And when you look at the fact that oil prices have dropped in half and oil is the largest import in India, it gives them a few more degrees of freedom, I think, to modify their subsidy. So I think the bottom line is India needs P&K imports. Stars and moons are lined up. And we think, as the government is deliberating the 2015, '16 budget, that they will make import economics work simply because the product is needed. And then when we look out longer term, I think India, as everyone knows, they're simply -- have a tremendous nutrient imbalance. They need to use a lot for phosphate and potash over time. And we're of the view that Indian phosphate imports could double between now and the end of this decade, and they would still be just slightly above peak imports of 2010. So we're sort of banking on India in many ways, and we think that this is the year that India comes through.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Andrew Wong, RBC Capital.
Andrew D. Wong - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: First will be just, I want ask about the leverage. I mean it looks like you're comfortably within your target range, 1.5 to 2x debt to EBITDA. How can we expect to see that evolve over time? And are you comfortable with that and maintaining that level? Or could we see that maybe going up over time? Or maybe it'll come down as your EBITDA grows? And then, my second question would just be on the phosphate side of things. We've seen a few acquisitions, you have the Ma'aden project coming online. Are you satisfied with that phosphate footprint? Or are there more opportunities to grow there?
James T. Prokopanko: Welcome to the call and thanks for the interest, Andrew. I'm going to have Rich speak to the question of leverage.
Richard L. Mack: Andrew, I think what I would say is -- I don't want to steal our thunder for Analyst Day, but we will have more information on our balance sheet targets in late March. I do agree with you that the ratio will come down just through the fact that EBITDA growth is going to enhance, obviously, over the course of the next several years. And I think you have to take a look at our leverage ratios and our liquidity buffer in tandem and look at our overall capital management philosophy in terms of what we're going to do with excess cash and returning that to shareholders. So we look forward to having that conversation and providing some additional insight in late March, and we look forward to talking to you then.
James T. Prokopanko: Andrew, I'll take your question -- it's Jim here. I'll take your question about the phosphate and the degree to which we're satisfied with our current footprint. This is a market that we continue to be positive about. We're -- the market, as I said earlier, has changed. The structure of the industry has changed for the better and the barriers to entry are huge. We -- and so we feel very good about the market. If that's signaling that we're interested in growing in the phosphate market, you absolutely heard right. We'd like to be -- have a bigger footprint in the market. That's, in part, the reason we invested in the Ma'aden joint venture. Some years out, there could be a Ma'aden Phase 3, but we are going to continue to look for opportunities to be a bigger player in the -- in phosphate production. And ideally, to broaden our geographic presence, Latin America is an excellent -- is one of the fastest-growing agricultural regions in the world. If there was some way to get into the phosphate business in Latin America, we'd be interested in doing that. As you know in North America, we're pretty well limited on MAP and DAP production. However, we're limited because of the mining capacity and plant capacity, but what we've done is transform that commodity MAP, DAP business with our MicroEssentials products. We will, I see, get to a point that virtually 1/2 of our approximate 10 million tonne annual production will be a MicroEssentials product. This has been a tremendous product for the -- first of all, for the customer. Real value, we have demand exceeding our supply capacity, which is behind our approximate $250 million in investing our MicroEssentials production capacity. And we've got a multiyear expansion plan for MicroEssentials that will get us, I think, by the end of the decade to close to 1/2 of all our phosphates being our proprietary, highly-valued MicroEssentials products. So yes, I'm a booster of phosphates. It's been underappreciated these years. Its day is here, and we'd like to grow that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn, Barclays.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One question tactical and another one more big picture, I guess. First, if you could clarify, I think you mentioned that North American potash shipments, you saw, at least early on in the year, limited by inventory availability. Could you talk a little bit about what the underlying causes of this are? Are logistic constraints something that's still holding back some distribution capacity here in the states? And then, second, Jim, you spoke well of how, I think, the company's preparing and executing as you wait for an improvement of market conditions, but where are we, in your opinion, on the process of kind of going through the cycle and seeing crop prices recover somewhat? I took note you mentioned how farmers are surprised and that they're -- they still came to market, they're planting heavily. So is this year another one of the crop stock-building? Or do you kind of see this year-over-year decline in global K&P demand indicative of a meaningful turn in supply and better crop prices sooner than later?
James T. Prokopanko: Matthew, a couple of thoughtful questions. I'm going to have Mike Rahm address the question about North American potash inventory availability, et cetera, and I'll touch on the -- where we believe we're in the ag cycle. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Well, I think in the case of potash -- and then, Rick, you certainly can comment, but we've seen a fair amount of inventory move from producers downstream into the channel. If you follow the IPNI statistics, just a tremendous drop, about a 1.7 million tonne drop in producer-held potash inventories in North America. And then, I think that has moved into the system. And I don't think North American situation is unique. I think most producers around the globe have shipped very hard into the system, and certainly, the shipment numbers reflect that. You've probably seen our estimate of over 61 million tonnes, and that's probably at the low end of the range of some of the numbers that you've seen here recently. So I think the bottom line is there are inventories that have moved further downstream. And I think, in the case of where those are, we think China has a bit of inventory build. And in the U.S., I think retailers are in a much better position this year than a year ago. They've learned from some of the logistical problems and constraints. I think they see, probably, better-than-expected demand earlier in the year. So as you would expect at this point in time, I think the system is pretty well loaded for the spring season.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Mike. The question about -- it's a good one about where we are in the ag cycle. And if you want a place, I'd say it's somewhere in the trough of the cycle. We've gone through a couple of years where the world has grown boomer crops, bumper crops. We've seen world grain and oilseed stock-to-use ratios build, and that's taken some of the edge off of the grain prices. That said, farmers still remain profitable. Farmers have had 5 great, great years to build their balance sheets, to build their farming enterprises. And where we go next from here is the next crop that we're going to be planting. We're seeing a Brazilian soybean crop that is okay, a long ways to go yet, some drought impacts. It's not as big as we thought it is. We have a U.S. crop that, by the feel, by looking out my windows when I'm in Minneapolis, it looks like it's going to be an early season, much of the -- at least the Midwest, Boston, New York aside. They don't grow much corn. Other corn-growing areas don't have a lot of corn -- or a lot of snow, I should say, in the field. So it could be an early season. Farmers are going to get a lot of acres planted. And this supply of grain and oilseeds that we see come to market this next year is going to be telling. So that's the ag grain and oilseed side. The other side, rates to fertilizers is the supply side, and we've got a tightening market. We've lost some potash production to mine losses and mine closures. We have some new mines coming on stream. Phosphate, if anything, it's -- we're seeing less availability of phosphates, so it's a -- we feel good about the fundamentals of our crop nutrition industry. And I'm going to just have Mike add one comment here.
Michael Rahm: I'll just make a quick comment, Jim. I -- as you said, we've had tremendous crops with average yields well above trend. If you simply do the math and farm with spreadsheets, I think, as Vincent Andrews has coined, and just -- and take a look at, if next year, we get a trend yield worldwide and we get trend growth in demand, we're going to pull down inventories. And then, I think that goes back to what we've always said, that the long-term food story is still very much intact and that we're going to have to continue to increase planted area and continue to grow crops and achieve trend yields in order to meet demand. And I think that's the bottom line. We certainly haven't changed our view in terms of long-term positive outlook for global agriculture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson, Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe 2 questions. First in potash, can you talk, Jim, about the outlook for production costs in 2015? Clearly, there -- you had the proving runs as you're running Colonsay very hard. Your Carlsbad's out of the system, that gives you a little bit of a cost tailwind, but expectations on unit costs on potash. And maybe second question, and it ties in a little bit, can you think about the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar on your business? Clearly, there's some Canadian dollar tailwind in potash, but impact on your customers as you think about a stronger dollar impact on commodity prices and production costs for some of your customers in emerging markets.
James T. Prokopanko: Welcome, Adam. I'm going to have Joc O'Rourke speak to the production cost for potash in the coming year, and I'll have some comments about the currency question.
James C. O'Rourke: So Adam, I'm going to incorporate a little bit of what you've asked Jim in this as well. So our production costs last quarter were $91 cash per tonne, which included $17 of brine inflow cost. That really is a -- probably the best indicator right now of where we are with respect to our cost per tonne, although we expect some -- we expect the improvement as we reduce our -- some of our cost initiatives. But it really shows the leverage we've got now already. And if you look going forward, a lot of that is our cost savings. Not just the U.S. dollar, but the Canadian dollar is also giving us a pretty good tailwind. So we expect, if we can run hard, we're going to be in that kind of $74 a tonne plus the brine cost of, say, $17. So that's pretty good indication of where we'll be going forward.
James T. Prokopanko: All right. Adam, on the currency question. Stronger U.S. dollar, Joc made a good point that the Potash business, we have a dollar-denominated costs there, that Canadian dollar's come down relative to the U.S. dollar, but nothing like the ruble. The Belarusian and the Russian ruble are well, well off, we all know. So that has undoubtedly given the Russian and Belarusian producers some advantage, yet it's not -- their business isn't all run on rubles. They have euro and U.S.-denominated debt. They -- their suppliers are typically the miners and the equipment suppliers are typically other non-Russian companies. So they're paying for much part of their expenses in U.S. dollars. However, they're going to have labor costs that are lower. And with time, that is going to adjust. When you have these Maxi devaluations that go on, you see inflation come roaring into those geographies. So we think this is going to be, at most, a temporary advantage to those producing in devalued currency. On the farm side, many crops are denominated in U.S. dollars. So with this decline in the Brazilian real, I think we're down 30% on the real value, that is -- or close to 30%, that is resulting in close to a 30% increase in the U.S. dollar -- in the amount of U.S. dollars that a Brazilian farmer gets. Their expenses are going to be a little higher, but the margin they're going to make is going to be larger because of a stronger U.S. dollar. So net-net, with lower fuel costs, low interest rates, I don't think this is going to be damaging to our farmer customer by seeing the strong U.S. dollar. With that, we're going to conclude the call. Thanks for that last question, Adam. And to wrap up, I'd like to reiterate our key messages. First, our strategic moves have generated good earnings leverage, and our results, as I've said, are beginning to demonstrate the potential we promised and that we're building. Second, global demand for our products have been very strong, and we expect the high demand to continue through 2015. And finally, we've demonstrated some tremendous execution capability. You just cannot imagine how proud I am of the 9,000-plus colleagues that I have at The Mosaic Company. Many among the long list of moves that we've announced over these past 18 months are now fully operationalized. I know we get some comments that we are initiative-heavy. Well, many of those initiatives have been completed according to plan and delivering the results that we promised. With that, I'll close the call with another invitation to attend our Analyst Day in March 30 at Streamsong in Florida. We hope to see you there. Have a great and safe day, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon – VP, IR Larry Stranghoener – Interim CEO Richard Mack – EVP and CFO Jim Prokopanko – President and CEO Richard McLellan – SVP—Commercial Michael Rahm – VP, Market and Strategic Analysis James "Joc" O'Rourke – EVP Operations and COO
Analysts: Matthew Korn – Barclays Carl Chen – Scotia capitalize Chris Parkinson – Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Don Carson – Susquehanna Financials Jeff Zekauskas – JP Morgan Paul Massoud – Stifel Nicolaus Michael Piken – Cleveland Research Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Andrew Wong – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions).Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions, after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will review Mosaic's accomplishments for the quarter and our views on current and future market conditions. Rich will share his insights into our results and our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, October 30th, 2014, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
Jim Prokopanko:  Good morning and thank you for joining our third quarter 2014 earnings discussion. We reported solid earnings for the quarter, given the challenging business environment across agriculture. We drilled progress on costs and delivered good operating performance, while we will provide some color on those results, I realize the elephant in the room is not our third quarter results. The elephant in the room is the near term future, so we’ll spend a significant amount of time there. We want you to take away three important concepts from this call; first, we believe the current negative sentiment that is pervasive amongst agriculture investors is overblown and that the weakness in Ag equities provides compelling opportunity for companies and investors alike. Even the more recent U.S. -- forecast indicate farmer income this year will be the fourth highest in history. The uncertainty is for 2015, where today farmers can still pre-sell their corn for around $4 per bushel and their soybeans for around $10 a bushel. Second, this is a cyclical business and we at Mosaic have been through many cycles. Agricultural commodity prices are indeed lower. The cycle will play out and prices will rise again. Third and most important, Mosaic is in excellent condition to whether the current economic environment sees opportunities as they arise and outperform when conditions improve. We manage for the long term, because the long term holds great opportunities for this business. Before I explore those topics in more depth, I’ll provide a bit of an insight into our performance for the quarter. We generated net earnings of $202 million or $0.54 per share on net sales of $2.3 billion, compared with net earnings of $124 million and net sales of $1.9 billion in the third quarter of 2013. We continue to generate strong operating cash flow of $489 million during the quarter bringing our year-to-date cash flow to $1.9 billion, a $400 million improvement over the same period a year ago. We are putting our cash to use by continuing to invest in the business and repurchasing our shares while still retaining $3 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand as of the end of the quarter. Global demand for potash and phosphates remained strong during the quarter. Our shipment volumes came in at the low end of the original guidance range. In potash because of primarily weather related production issues in Saskatchewan and New Mexico which underscore the tight inventory situation we highlighted on the last call, and in phosphates because of the timing of some quarter and the shipments. Phosphate prices declined somewhat even as costs rose for raw materials especially ammonia. As we announced last month, we will curtail phosphates production in response to these conditions and we will continue to produce with economic discipline limiting the amount of high cost inventory we carry into the spring season. In potash, prices improved, and as we discussed during our last call Canpotex was fully subscribed. Customers in North America saw [clock] in potash for fall application early, because of the fears of our overburdened rail system as well as low producer and channel inventory. Indeed potash inventories are very low. We are producing at high rates just to meet current demand. In terms of global shipments, we lowered both 2014 and 2015 global phosphate shipments forecast by roughly a million tonnes in part due to India importing more phosphoric acid for NPK production and we are maintaining our outlook for global potash shipments. Now, I’ll turn to our views of the current agricultural markets. Farmers in North America are finishing a record harvest, spurred by mostly favorable economics when farmers were making planting decisions and ideal weather in the growing season across the corn belt. This will be the second bin busting harvest in a row, and while that bounty is good for global food security, it brings with it prospects of lower income for farmers in 2015, so what happens from here? We know farmers are going to farm and when they do we are confident they will follow good business economics and work to maximize yields from every planted acre. Certainly farmers will tighten their belts. We expect land rents to decline, we expect some land to be taken out of production and equipment purchasing decisions to be deferred and we expect farmers to ring every penny a value out of the cash they commit to inputs. Think about it this way. If you buy a thorough bred race horse, you are not going to try to recoup your cost by not feeding it, so we disagree with the belief among some analysts who suggest potash and phosphate useful crop in 2015. In fact, we expect global demand for potash and phosphates to remain strong and even grow in 2015. Here’s why, first, the USDA expects the 2014 global harvest to come in a few bushel shy of 3 billion tonnes, a record on top of last year’s record. That much grain takes enormous amounts of nutrients from the soil and those nutrients need to be replaced. When farmers plant their fields, they will fertilize. Second, precision agriculture technology has made tremendous progress since the last downturn in grain and oilseed prices. Today, in pursuit of maximal efficiency and sound nutrient stewardship farmers test soil and apply precisely the nutrients for soil needs for the next growing season. This approach has the effect with smoothing demand for our products across the cycle compared with earlier cycles. Third, the argument that unused phosphorous will carry over in the soil from one season to the next is much too simplistic. The phosphorous cycle is complex chemistry but suffices to say that phosphate must be applied for each new crop. The benefit of skipping an application cycle is deminimus at today’s prices, a much different story than when DAP was $1100 per tonne. You can read more about this topic in the most recent addition of Market Mosaic which is available on our website. And finally, at current prices, potash and phosphate remain affordable just as we want them to be. Our views are playing out in the market. Global demand remains strong until the fall of season for both of our nutrients and prices are stable to reflect the demand. I want to be clear. We fully understand the situation facing grained farmers and we know they will have to make tough decisions as they prepare for the next planting cycle. We also know that this trough of the cycle is the first series dip in many years, so observers who entered the business in boom times are having difficulty seeing a longer horizon, but the agricultural environment can change quickly. One poor global crop would change sentiment and global food security dramatically. Overtime regardless of the current crop outlook we know that demand for food and crop nutrients will rise and therein lies the opportunity I mentioned earlier. As we demonstrated with our many strategic moves, the engines of growth are cheapest to build at the low part of the cycle. We are making good progress on our strategic initiatives. I’ll provide a few updates. We are on track to complete the acquisition of ADMs distribution business in Brazil and Paraguay by the end of the year. We are well along the process of planning for integration. Once complete the acquisition will enable us to expand our distribution in Brazil from 4 million tonnes to 6 million and capture a bigger percentage of the incremental value from our premium micro essentials products and one of the most dynamic agricultural markets in the world. The remaining potash expansion our key three shots at Esterhazy continues on budget and on time. We closed the sale of a decommissioned Hersey, Michigan line and have signed an agreement to sell our distribution business in Argentina. We are on pace and realizing the targeted synergies from the CF phosphates acquisition. The proximity of assets and the excellent cultural fit are proving quite valuable. We are also making investments to create further efficiencies in our phosphates business. We are investigating further de-bottle necking for ammonia production because we like the stability of supply we generate from manufacturing a portion of the ammonia we require. We are in the process of converting two granulation facilities to produce more micro essentials. And we are investing in sulphur melting capacity to give us greater sulphur sourcing flexibility  At the modern project we are ramping up hiring and a significant portion of the capital required for the project will be put to work in 2015. We are already seeing steel and concrete rising from the ground. All these moves contribute to our well defined strategy. They provide us with growing production capacity, increased operational efficiency and growing and a stable market access. We are beginning to realize the benefits of these investments and are positioned for strong volume and cash flow growth as the cycle moves forward. Finally, I’ll leave the details on capital and expenses to Rich, but I want to mention that our capital structure continues to improve and we are ahead of schedule on our efforts to remove about $500 million in expenses from our two business units and our corporate functions. Now, before I offer some closing thoughts, Rich Mack, our CFO will discuss our results.
Richard Mack:  Thank you, Jim and good morning to you all. This morning I will provide a brief discussion of our business, segment financial results for the third quarter share some insight on our capital and close by providing guidance for the fourth quarter. In the phosphate segment, our results were in line with guidance. Volumes, prices and margin rate were generally consistent with our expectations. We are encouraged with what we see in phosphates and view this to be in increasingly positive story for Mosaic. That said however, and as we previewed in our press release on September 30, we believe that raw material prices particularly ammonia continue to be out of line with the price levels and other agricultural commodities, which is why we decided to curtail some phosphate production during the fourth quarter. This disconnect is compounded by the fact that we are entering a seasonally slow period for phosphate sales. For clarity, we are going to take a measured approach to the curtailment. We will produce enough fertilizer to meet customer needs and we do not plan on curtailing our micro essentials production. We will evaluate our production levels daily with the objective of entering the spring application season with minimal high cost ammonia in finished product inventory. In the potash segment our results were close to our expectations aside from isolated production issues, which were primarily weather related. That impacted our operating rate by several percentage points. We lost some production days during the quarter at both Belle Plaine and Carlsbad because of summer storms. While our year-over-year cash cost per tonne were roughly flat, in September for example the potash team delivered cash costs of $103 per tonne, including Brine management cost of $19 per tonne. These costs are at their lowest level in recent years even with lower operating rates and demonstrate that our cost reduction initiatives are beginning to take hold. Now, I’ll move on to our capital. I provided a fairly in-depth discussion of our capital philosophy a quarter ago, so I won’t repeat all that information today. Instead, I would like to make just a couple of points. First, to reinforce Jim’s message the low [Arkenles] cycle clearly provides opportunities for the strongest companies and Mosaic has a very strong financial foundation. We’ve put a lot of capital to work over the past 18 months and we will continue to do so as compelling opportunities arise. This is how we built this business in my years at Cargill being financially sound and looking for opportunities at the low end of the cycle. In this regard we have worked hard to optimize our balance sheet with the addition of $2.8 billion of attractively priced debt over the past 12 months including $800 million in the third quarter. We are using this cash to execute on strategic initiative, CF, Ma’aden, the ADM distribution business and an attractive Mosaic share price. On that note we have been repurchasing shares in the open market during our open trading windows as well as through a recently implemented 10b5-1 trading program. Since our last earnings call we have repurchased 3.5 million shares in the open market. That makes our total share repurchases $2.6 billion in the last 12 months or about 13% of our outstanding share account. Second, as a result of the CF and ADM acquisitions we have decided to slightly adjust our capital management philosophy by increasing our targeted liquidity buffer to $2.5 billion from $2.25 billion as a result of increased working capital requirements. This change increases our on-balance sheet cash target to $1 billion. As of the end of the third quarter, we have approximately $1billion and excess cash above this newly revised liquidity buffer after taking into account cash that will be used to fund the ADM acquisition by the end of the year and funding a trust fund for our asset retirement obligations which is likely to happen sometime in 2015. Now I’d like to provide our guidance for the fourth quarter which tends to be a seasonally slow period for us. In phosphates we expect margins to be in the mid teens, while operating rates to be in the 70% to 80% range, which is a lower and wider range due to the curtailment we have discussed. Sales volumes are expected to range from 2.5 to 2.8 million tonnes for the fourth quarter. This compares the 3.4 million tonnes in last year’s period when volumes were unusually high as low prices and sentiment changes led to a significant sales in North America. We expect our realized prices for DAP to range from $430 to $450 per tonne. In potash, we anticipate that our mines will operate at high rates to begin to replenish extraordinary low inventory levels and to meet global demand including and expected new contract with Chinese customers. In the fourth, we expect to continue to make significant deliveries under the old contract which will increase the proportion of international standard sales in our product mix negatively impacting our expected average MOP pricing. We expect potash sales to be in range of 2.0 to 2.3 million tonnes during the fourth, compared to actual volumes of 1.9 million tonnes in the same period last year. We expect average realized potash prices to be in the range of $275 to $295 per tonne. The gross margin rate for the potash segment is expected to be in the mid 30% range. Our operating rate in potash is expected to be in the range of 85% to 90%. We are narrowing our 2014 Canadian resource taxes and royalties to be in the range of $175 million to $200 million, compared to prior guidance of $170 million to $210 million. And our guidance for full year brine management expenses is unchanged at approximately $200 million. We are also lowering our estimated SG&A expenses to a range of $380 million to $395 million for calendar 2014, with the midpoint of the range down $25 million from the beginning of the year as a result of our progress on cost savings initiatives. Note, these numbers include $10 million in charges incurred to achieve these cost savings initiatives, so we are off to a good start on this front. For the year we estimate an effective tax rate excluding discrete items continuing in the high 20% range. We continue to expect a normalized tax rate in the low to mid 20% range for 2015 and thereafter. And finally, our expectation for capital expenditures and equity investments remains in the range of $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion including investments in the Ma'aden joint venture. In closing, I have a couple of miscellaneous remarks. First as Jim noted, we anticipate that we will close on the ADM acquisition by the end of the calendar year. Assuming that to be case, we plan to manage and report a new international distribution segments starting in 2015. This approach will provide enhanced disclosure and transparency in our phosphates business, as well as with our larger international distribution business. We anticipate providing you with historical data during the first quarter of 2015. And second, from time-to-time in my new role I hear questions relating to a perceived remaining overhang resulting from the Class A share held by Cargill family members and trusts. If such a perception exists, it should not. There are less than 35 million Class A shares outstanding and they are held by several separate and distinct owners and trusts. In November, 2014 just next month 17 million of these shares will convert into freely tradable common shares and a year later all of the reaming restricted shares will also convert to common. While this diversified group of Cargill family owners and trust will obviously have full discretion over their ultimate disposition we would not expect significant selling given the tax implications associated with these shares. With that, thank you for time this morning, and I’m going to turn the call back over to Jim for his concluding remarks. 
Jim Prokopanko: Thank you, Rich. The economic environment on the farm has changed. Corn selling at 350 per bushel remains us after a long run of remarkable farm profitability, that food supply can still get ahead of demand, if only temporarily. And tough times for farmers lead to leaner times across the Ag factor. We are ready for this at Mosaic. We’ve been through $3 corn and $9 soybeans. We’ve been through $200 potash and we’ve seen the over exuberance or $1,000 potash. Through all that, we’ve stayed our course. We will remain confident about the agricultural markets and we’ve made tough decisions when necessary and bold decisions when they held big promise. Listen, this is a tough business and a tough business to predict. Agriculture is subject to a myriad of forces, economic, social, political, environmental and otherwise. Farmers and agro business make decisions about the future with many variables unknown. But they and we return to the simple concept that the world needs all the food they can grow and it needs a lot more of that food in the coming years. I will skip the food story details for now and I will let this suffice. Short term volatility is a fact of life in agriculture, but long-term demand growth is also a fact of life and lives. Mosaic is exactly where we wanted to be, and we’ve made bold investments for growth. We’ve reduced our costs. We build an efficient balance sheet. We’ll become the world’s largest player in finished phosphates and build a strong position in potash. In short, we have built this company to succeed across the inevitable cycles of agriculture. Now, we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Matthew Korn from Barclays. Your line is open. 
Matthew Korn - Barclays: Good morning, everybody. It’s quite something to get first in line here. Question for you, if we do maintain acres and we apply proportionally more fertilizers and hold total demand kind of steady, is it fair – could we be headed for a wall of U.S. stock to use in the grain side, particularly if we see grain export sales may be limited by currency. And I guess the question becomes would it better for the business over the next two, three years to maybe see a substantial drop in acres this next year instead of planting 1991 and then anticipating an even bigger build in stock the following year? 
Jim Prokopanko: Well, good morning Matthew and congratulations for being number one. And it’s good way to start your Thursday. Your questions, really take a look at regional market North America in what we are competing in is a world market and I’m going to turn it over to Mike in a moment about that. But I believe the world with the demand growth we’re seeing in grain and oilseeds needs to keep their foot on the accelerator to continue to grow the kind of crops we’re growing. We can’t count on having two back to back or continued back to back record harvests. The record just aren’t there to support that just as we don’t have poor harvest year after year after year, we won’t expect to have these record harvest continuing. So, I think the right thing to do for farmers to take the market signals, produce all that makes economic sense to produce and we’re seeing it play out with the soybean markets with higher than anticipated soybean exports. So, just looking at the U.S. there’s other things happening whether its Southeast Asia, Latin  America, Brazil now being challenged with dryer than normal planting conditions which we’ll see how that ends up. But we got to look at the whole market and we have the whole world as a market and not just focused on what’s happening with the U.S. corn and bean crops. Mike over to you. 
Michael Rahm: Yes. Not a whole lot to add Jim, I thought it was a good response. What we say around here is that, we’re one great – one great crop away from a farm crisis and one poor crop away from a food crisis. And I think that really summarizes the nature of our business that if we knew what mother nature was going to deliver, I think we could answer the question, but we just don’t know, and I think that’s what markets are precisely signaling today that there is so much uncertainty in terms of what could happen that you could get a sharp inventory drawdown next year under a poor crop conditions. 
Jim Prokopanko: I just add to that Matthew, until 10 days ago it was well as me these corn and bean prices aren’t going to find the bottom and we get a few little surprises like higher soybean exports, dry conditions in Latin America and the markets turnaround and we’re seeing 10 or 15 days of some solid improvement in both corn and bean prices. So it’s a really a difficult one to forecast. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotia Capital. Your line is open. 
Carl Chen – Scotia capitalize: Hi. This is Carl just stepping in for Ben and thank you for taking my question. Jim, can you please walk us through how you see the supply and demand dynamics involved between 2014 and 2015 for both phosphate and potash? 
Jim Prokopanko: Charles, good morning. I’m going to just turn that straight over to Dr. Mike Rahm who keenly follows those supply and demand dynamics and I’ll wrap up with some comments. 
Michael Rahm: Good morning, Carl and thanks for the question. I think in terms of our projections for 2015 you’ve seen our forecast for shipments, we expect that potash shipments will increase from I think our point estimate for 2014 is 57.8, we think there’s another million tonne increase in 2015 to about 58.8 or so. In the case of phosphates we expect to go from the mid 64 million tonne range in to the kind of 66 million tonne range. So, we expect demand growth maybe slows a little bit from the rapid pace that we’ve seen in 2014. And given that forecast when you lay that up against supply, we see more or less fairly stable operating rates. In the case of potash, I think that translates into about 82% operating rate or so worldwide, in the case of phosphates, about 86%. So, as we said, our long-term outlook shows a fairly well balanced situation. We think global potash operating rates are going to kind of range in that 80% to 85% range and in the case processed phosphate rates will be in the mid 80% range. 
Jim Prokopanko: Charles, we’re going to add one thing to couple of points to that. 2015 and phosphate is going to be another record year, although we moderated our forecast for the year to be up a 1million tonne less, it’s still going to be up a 1 million tonnes. And if you go back to 2007 the year before the big drop in shipments, we’re shipping 50 million tonnes approximately a year. Today we’re going to ship 65 million tonnes of finished phosphates. From 2008 we’re up almost 20 million tonnes, and on global potash, again, we’re going to see another record. And if you go to the 2008 year, we’re going to be up 10 million tonnes of potash shipments. So, yes, there is ups and downs, dips and valleys, but the trend is unrelenting. It is upward and it maybe is not every year, but we are seeing continued growth in potash and phosphates with record years being post-expected in 2015. 
Michael Rahm: I think the other thing I would add Jim is that when you look at global grain and oilseed production the big step-up in production pulled a lot more nutrients out of the soil as we mentioned before and that translates into this 8% increase in potash shipments in 2014. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Chris Parkinson from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. 
Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. Can you further elaborate on your strategy for ammonia procurement specifically including some options for potentially debottlenecking of its Faustina and then also your appetite for more longer term index, supply agreements? Thank you. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good question Chris. I’m going to have our Chief Operating Officer, Joc O'Rourke speaks to that, those are projects he is keenly following. 
Joc O'Rourke: Thank you, Chris. Joc O’Rourke here. Yes, we certainly looked at how we add flexibility and let’s call it a natural hedge to our ammonia supply. We believe that by linking ourselves to the relatively high supply of natural gas in North America and low price of natural gas, we can do better in terms of ammonia procurement, and as such we are looking at debottlenecking our Louisiana plant. We believe we can add up to as much as 100,000 tons of gas-based low cost ammonia. So, we think that’s a really good project. Likewise we entered to a long-term supply agreement for 700,000 to 800,000 tonnes from CF industries that will be natural gas indexed or based. So that gives us a good balance between the ammonia market and natural gas based ammonia. So we feel about the right place. 
Michael Rahm: Hey, Chris, I’m going to add to that and just along that line of questioning not only we doing, looking at the debottlenecking and pursuing that, but we’re also in the same way going after sulfur alternative, ensuring that we have good optionality and where we can get our sulfur. With that, we’re making an investment in a sulfur melter in Florida, which is going to give us the flexibility to bring in [apparel] sulfur from other markets, Middle East and so on, other low cost markets and not just be reliant on molten sulfur coming in as well we’re investing in a couple of cross-Gulf barges that’s going to give us the availability or ability to move ammonia across from the Louisiana into our Florida operations. So the point is we’re looking for all the flexibility we can find to ensure we have low cost raw material inputs and I think both the ammonia de-bottlenecking and the sulfur melter are really going to position us for an advantage cost position on those two important raw materials. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. And good morning everyone, I’m wondering if you can speak a little bit about general and maybe post to CF acquisition, I thought it was notable that you sort of cutting or reducing your phosphate production in response for the higher input cost? And I don’t remember you being that aggressive in the past. So, if you could just kind of update us on your thought process and sort of the strategy going forward, and is this new or is there more to come or how should we be thinking about it? 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Vincent. Glad to address that. On the strategy, the CF acquisition which we called project donuts and so was the whole in our donut we have mines and facilities all around that the CF phosphate facilities. That was just -- we are a natural parent and it worked well in term synergies. We’re anticipating synergy harvesting of about $50 million in 2015 and we’re well on track to that. It’s really been -- all we could have hope for plus more in terms of the cost efficiencies and probably more importantly the quality of talent we’re able to acquire with that assets. It’s really gone well. The integrations gone well and it really work for us. We’re able to get the cost synergies, we’re able to rebalance productions amongst various plans and facilities and it’s given us additional years of mining capacity and flexibility with in terms of differing a mine going forward. We really believe in the phosphates segment. We are always looking to grow our top line as we have with the CF acquisition and we think there is over time, there’s going to be more opportunities to grow the top line in the phosphate business. The Ma'aden project is another important element of that where we’re investing 25% of the cost of the Ma'aden project for 25% of the off take of the project in Saudi Arabia positioned us well to serve the India and Asian markets, Southeast Asia markets. So, we’re continuing to be strong believers in phosphate and look to grow the top lines on that. Next question you asked was about curtailment and what we’re thinking there. This is – we’re not straying from our strategy of producing to market demand. What we’ve seen is a delay in market demand for this fall season principally in North America. Delay in decisions and we could [recall] and could perhaps speak to that in a moment. But we’ve seen the delay in decision making to apply phosphates. We think it’s going to come. The phosphates would be bought. But for us to build inventories with high cost, sulfur and high cost ammonia not without commitments for those tonnes, we just didn’t see that as a prudent financial move. So we’ve throttle back our phosphate – finished phosphate production, so as not to build the high cost inventories, quite a simple as that nothing unnatural there. And perhaps I’ll just move into Rick – Rich McLellan, our leader of a Commercial operations and just talk about what we see happening on phosphate demand. 
Richard McLellan: Yes. Thanks Jim. And we – I think what’s going – what we see going on in the field. There’s a lot of talk about demand destruction everything else happening in the marketplace. We had a very delayed harvest and the farmers have been slow to come in and make their minds up on what they’re going to buy. That started to occur as we’ve got a good chunk of the soybeans in the bean and what’s happening is farmers are slow to come in, but when they make the decision they’re not cutting application rates. We’re seeing the same thing and planning in Brazil where the planting is delayed, yet farmers aren’t cutting back anyway on the amount of phosphates they use. So that’s what we see happening at the farm gate level. The other piece I think I’d add Jim to our strategy is we’ve continued to focus on building out our premium products, so that in phosphates in those key and growing markets in Brazil and North America in the Caribbean Basin, we’ve been able to supply a bigger percentage of our business as MicroEssentials and less is DAP. 
Richard Mack: And Vincent, this is a Rich Mack, one final point that I would make. I think it’s fair to say that we believe that our phosphate story is getting increasingly more compelling and we made a lot of investments Ma'aden, CF, ADM distribution business are in line with that. We are taking a lot cost out of the system and making good progress there. We’re capturing synergies from the CFDL. And so we think telling the story and providing more transparency to our segment is important and that’s one of the reasons why we’re going to move forward with this new segment on international distribution and that will provide much more direct line of sight into our phosphate business. 
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, you’re not going to get a medal for being the first one to ask a question, but you get the prize for having the longest answer to your question. We’ll carry on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financials. Your line is open. 
Don Carson – Susquehanna Financials: Question on potash, actually two questions, one is just do you see demand slowing at all in North America in the fourth quarter and I’m just wondering how much of this demand we’re seeing is really rebuilding pipeline inventories versus pounds in the ground. And then as granular has been very tight this year, standard not so tight, as we get into next year and if [indiscernible] advance going up and there’s 900,000 tonnes more granular out there, what impact do you see that having on the North American marketplace? 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Don, good to hear from you. I’m going turn that over Rick McLellan, Leader of Commercial Group to answer those questions for you. 
Richard McLellan: Yes, good morning, Don. As far as demand slowing in North America, I think we came through spring season. And Larry and I talked about it on the last call that we traveled and we could not find potash in the month of July in anywhere that we visited in Illinois or Indiana. And so, I think what’s getting moved into place right now is going to the field or will go to the field in the next six weeks. So, we don’t see demand waning in North America, nor do we see that happening in South America. And the second part of your question was the impact of [Vanscoy] production coming on is a big project. They take a long while to bring on. So I don’t know whether that happens next year or not. The only thing that I’ll tell you is that we’re planning with all of our major customers and there is strong demand for granular both in North America and around the world. And little extra production is not going to impact very much would be a situation that we see the strong position we see for granular markets. 
Jim Prokopanko: Anything you want to add to that Mike. 
Michael Rahm: I can get some specifics in terms of what we’re assuming for demand for corn acreage. We think corn acreage will be off a bit in that 88 million to 90 million acre range and soybeans probably in the 80 million to 82 million and [oil wheat] in the 50 to 53. We don’t expect much of a decline in application rates. And as a consequence you put all that together. We think both phosphate and potash overall use could be down 3% to 5% in the North America in the 2014, 2015 year and that’s certainly pegged into our global shipment forecast. 
Jim Prokopanko: Just to put a point on it, Don, on to your questions. The pipeline stock, this is lowest we’ve seen in the number of years and that is low because in spite of the high production rates, so the demand has been good and its going to take us some considerable effort and good operating rates to continue to keep up with the demand and as well as fill a very, very thin pipeline. And then your question on [Vanscoy] that’s going to come up, I think they say in 2015 and we expect that to be replacing current imports into North America. So we’re – yes, there is some modest concern about where those tonnes are going, but I think that will as I said, displaces imports that we’re now seeing reach North America. 
Michael Rahm: Jim, I might add just in terms of the demand outlook we just talked about our global shipment numbers. In terms of the composition of that, I think the theme for 2015 is that the torrid pace that we seen in the Americas slows down a bit, but as we expect Asia is going to pick up, particularly India, we think the pipeline there is absolutely bone dry and Rich, you just got back from Malaysia, Indonesia, Burma, the demand prospects for [PMK] those markets remain robust. So we think India -- we think Asia is going to step up and offset some of the slowdown that we’re projecting for the Americas. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Jeff Zekauskas from JP Morgan. Your line is open. 
Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Thanks very much. At the beginning of the call you were talking about your liquidity buffer. Did you say that you have $1 billion about your buffer? You bought back 3.5 million shares. And is it the case that you could spend, I don’t know 1 billion on share repurchase in the coming year or two? 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Jeff Zekauskas, glad to have you on the call and we’re going to have Rich Mack speak to the liquidity buffer and perhaps just give you some color on the repurchasing. 
Richard Mack: Hey, Jeff, it’s Rich. I think the answer to your question is yes. You’re correct, as of today anyways we currently have roughly $1 billion in excess cash after you take into account the upward adjustment in our liquidity buffer. And what we do in fact going forward really would go back to our capital management philosophy and I would just refer you to some of our prior commentary about our priorities for investment which include maintaining our credit ratings and of our course our dividend policy, sustaining our assets, looking at organic growth opportunities, things like MicroEssentials and cogeneration, K3 for example. Strategic growth opportunities, we talked ADM, CF and Ma'aden. And to the extent that we have excess cash, you should expect that we will continue to move towards the balance sheet metrics that we have publicly provided. We had stated leverage ratio and of course our liquidity buffer. So, the way I look at it is in 2014 we have been extraordinarily active if you include share repurchases and you include dividends, we’ve returned $3 billion to shareholders, which is I think by far the most that you would find in our sector. And most recently after we got through the MAC Trust purchase agreement we’ve been involved in open market share repurchases. And so, I think I would leave you with the fact that we’ll balanced and we’ll methodical in our approach and we will be a strong generator of cash going forward and to the extent that we have excess cash we will look to return that to shareholders in the form of either dividends or share repurchases. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Paul Massoud from Stifel. Your line is open. 
Paul Massoud - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering, given low producer inventory now and logistic constraints that we’ve seen in getting product distributed across the U.S. I was just wondering, as you look out over the horizon, did you think or have you seen any evidence that retailers may start to revert back pre-2008 practices by holding more inventory or do you expect that the inventory rebuild if and when it comes it’s going to come at the producer level? Thanks. 
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Paul. You ask a good question. Principally around a long and complex supply  chain of - its one thing making it, and it’s one thing delivering it to the farmer at the dealer level. I’d say you gotten to be a whole lot more complex and uncertain about getting it between the producer and that dealer. And we are spending considerable effort and time internally looking at how we can avoid the hassle we faced last year with railway shipping product, railway shipping issues and what is becoming a growing challenge on the barge system. So there is a lot of uncertainties still remaining about our capacity this year to recover from the hole that was dug last year and not being able to get product to either domestic or international customers on a timely basis, particularly when I speak international customers I’m referring to potash shipments out of Western Canada. It’s a challenge we put to our dealer customers that we just can’t FedEx this product a week in advance of when they need to sell it to the supplier. We’ve got to take up over a month to six weeks to position or train, get it shipped and get it delivered. So you put your finger on a real emerging and developing issues what position the dealers take in storing product and this is – here is a good example of farmers delaying decision making, so dealers are reluctant to make the decision of loading up their warehouses if they don’t know the farmers are taking. So this is backing up the system and what we’re doing is where we can position products further in country closer to those dealers, with dealers and be ready for potential problems in the delivery. I’m going to ask Rick and Collin to add some color to what he’s seeing in the distribution system.
Richard Mack:  Thanks, Jim. I’ll just take where you were at with the farmers delaying decisions. And the dealers have been good at stepping up and placing the inventory, but they really are looking for the farmer to do something. And so, when the farmer puts the brakes on or delays making decisions during the harvest period like this, dealers are really reticent to take on inventory to hold it for those customers. So, I think that what we’re going to see is that farmers can see the logistics problems aren’t going to go away, then you will see a change in dealer mentality. And I think that’s the part that we have to look at going forward. And it involves the whole chain you can’t the dealer is not going to step in just like we talked about not building phosphate inventories with high priced raw materials and so the key piece is getting a much better seamless move from production through to the farmer.
Jim Prokopanko:  Rick, just add some of the – some ideas on what we’ve been doing and whether it’s positioning barges, unit trains ex-base contracts and how we’ve been trying to work around this?
Richard Mack: Yes, it’s a good point Jim. What we’ve in North America attempted to do is as Jim says we’ve moved it closer, moved the inventory closer to the customer. And but we’ve what we have done is we focused on getting the inventory in place that’s going to be used for the fall. And in the past we would fill up inventory no matter whether it was going to be used for the fall or not. And so, we put [prior] dates on what if we place inventory in new warehouses on when they should get invoiced. And so it’s helped us put some discipline around it and in that way we don’t have the inventory misplaced somewhere in North America when it could be used to go to India. So, Jim those are the things that we are doing in on potash, we’re moving product up where we’ve got the ability to into the dealers warehouse, but right now it’s we’re producing it and we’re moving it and it’s going to the ground.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research:  Yes good morning, thanks for the question. Just wanted to dig a little bit deeper into your thoughts regarding kind of the timing of maybe the next China in India contracts and what your expectations would be for Chinese potash imports in both 2014 and 15 and then the same for India in terms of imports as opposed to just consumption? Thanks.
Jim Prokopanko:  Good to hear from you Michael, and a good question. Yes, China contract is right before us but all I can say on it is that one, China has been using good amounts of Potash this past year. Demand has been strong and we’ve also seen those inventories as a result of that diminish. So we expect there to be a good appetite into China. Timing wise we are very hopeful that we are going to see a contract, a normal type of contract over the next by the end of the calendar year, fingers crossed, discussions are underway and in terms of pricing it’s going to be above where our last contract was which is a low bar, but we expect a higher price and I’m not going to say much more about the negotiations at this point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark [Gulley] from BGB Financial. Your line is open
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning. Had a discussion about inventory at the producer level although you as an organization, as an industry kind of backed off on reporting that and a lot of talk about channel inventory, but no discussion about soil inventory, mostly P&K has the industry or perhaps Mosaic ever attempted to take a look at what might be the available levels of P&K available for the next crop that’s already stored in the soil let’s say for example in North America.
Jim Prokopanko: Insightful question, Mark and something that we watch carefully. I’m going to have Mike Rahm to speak to that.
Michael Rahm:  Well I guess the best, hard evidence is what the research at IP&I has done over the years where they have done a very careful accounting of what crops have removed from the soil and what nutrients have been applied to the soil both in the form of chemical fertilizers as well as manure and so forth. And those have shown consistently that nutrient removal has exceeded what has been applied for several years and there are many parts of the world where or many parts of the country where P&K soil tests are relatively low. I think what we said earlier about record crops removing record amounts of nutrients is really relevant. Farmers have adopted the use of precision technology, the old view that you just kind of [indiscernible] the P&K and build up soil levels and keep applying at certain constant rates. I think that’s changed a bit with the precision technology that’s been available. So as we said earlier this whole notion that the P&K levels in the soil are adequate to feed a 215 crop just doesn’t seem to square with all the facts.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, I’m going to add to that Mark that when you look at the state of technology on the farm today, there isn’t a lot of room for one tank you put in high test, the next tank you put in low test and we are talking about this for example seed. If you put in some of the high value multi trade seeds farmers are going to be spending $420, $410 a bag a seed, if you apply that to 2.5 acres that’s a $150 to $160 per acre per seed and this is the point I made in my opening comments. When you put on a $160 of seed value you are not, not going to feed it. You are going to give it the best bite you can so you get the maximum value of it. And with these record crops what you have seen just as Mike said, we have extracted record crop nutrients. So, yes there may be just a little bit of dip and little economizing farmers might have to do that, but there just isn’t the room to tighten the belt like there used to be. These are highly technical businesses that farmers have to maximize economic yield and that’s using the best seed and the best nutrition for those excellent seeds.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs:  Yes thanks, good morning everyone. A question on the cost saving kind of target the -- out of the 500 million by 2018. And I think in the press release you alluded to starting to realize those benefits in the quarter, maybe quantify that, quantify maybe what you are expecting in 4Q where looking for pretty sharp improvement in potash unit cost? And then as we think about ’15 and beyond what the capital cost of actually achieving some of those targets might actually look like? Thanks.
Jim Prokopanko: Hey good morning, Adam. I’m going to turn that right over to Rich Mack our CFO who’s pursuing this initiative.
Richard Mack:  Hi, Adam. What I would say is first of all we’re off to a very good start I think in terms of trying to achieve these cost saving initiatives and I’ll remind you that a portion of these are real or absolute cost reductions and a portion of these are intended to offset future inflationary pressures in our businesses. And I think what I would also say is from a management perspective we are working very hard to front end load as many of these costs as we possibly can. So things like shutting down our Carlsbad MLP production by the end of the year. The portfolio optimization actions that we have taken, so the sale of Hersey, the signing of a purchase agreement to divest our Argentinean operations, shutting down our Chilean operations we’ve gone through a very significant corporate function, cost review and we are implementing the actions to take significant costs out of our SG&A. And so it’s resulting really across the board and in headcount reductions that would be included at our corporate offices, in our business units and in our international locations. We’ve set up a shared services center as another example down in Florida to look at places where it is more friendly from a cost perspective to do business. And another example I throw out as we recently shut down our [Hooker’s] prairie mine in Florida. And so in the end what we are trying to do is we’re being systematic, we are looking for things like attrition, early retirements, less use of contractors and so bottom line off to a very good start. When we get to a few years out in terms of capital, I think that you are going to see that there should be a step function change in terms of what our capital requirements would be, again, it’s all dependant on what sort of opportunities we see in terms of organic growth and strategic growth opportunities but you -- we should see some of the cost savings that we are achieving results in 2015, 2016 or probably thereafter I mean these targets remember are 2018 targets and less capital being used by the organization.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes with that Adam, I’ll just say net, we are very pleased with how the organization has responded to the cost savings initiatives. We are ahead of plan and we are pushing to have most of these savings harvested before the five year time horizon. We’ve got time for one more question folks, and then we’ll wrap it up.
Operator:  Your last question comes from the line of Andrew Wong from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets:  Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask actually about the Indian potash and phosphate market and the subsidy expectations you’ve built into your demand forecast for next year. Do you expect the subsidy to rise along with the prices like in particularly with the potash market and if it doesn’t how will that impact demand and will prices have to adjust to accommodate dealer margins, just wondering your thoughts? Thanks.
Jim Prokopanko: Okay, Andrew good morning and welcome. I’m going to turn it over after just the opening comment here to Rick and to Mike Rahm. It’s something we are watching carefully with the change in leadership in India we are seeing the – we are starting to see the signs of real reform and we are hopeful and pragmatically hopeful that we are going to see true reform to the subsidy program. The new leadership there is some small things that have already been signaled, we’ve gotten distribution rights for potash and into India something that we’ve been trying to achieve for a couple of years, new leadership in India and quickly we saw that request met. So that’s giving us a real hope that we are going to see changes to the entire agricultural system and specifically nutrient reform. Rick, do you want to add some color on that?
Richard Mack:  Yes just add a couple of things. There is – I visited with some of the industry people from India in Singapore on Monday evening at a [Capitex] event and they talked about finally being in a position that the government is going to focus on real change. And what that means is trying to get to the balance crop nutrition that they have set off, that they need to get to. And people are very, very positive that’s going to happen. I think probably what’ s more so then what’s going on with prices of P&K they are going to have to deal with the difference between nitrogen pricing and P&K pricing. And so what that change looks like I think we have to be patient for it to take place but if you used 2014 as a guide we saw it growth in both P&K imports and applications and a change to the nitrogen subsidy would only support that continuing.
Michael Rahm: And Rick, I’d just add a couple of points. As I said earlier, we are banking on India for picking up the pace in terms of their P&K imports. We think phosphate imports will be up to around 5.5 million tonnes of DAP in calendar year 2015 and MLP imports probably in that 4.5 million tonne range. The one thing I would add farm economics in India are great. Their minimum support prices are at relatively high levels, more moderate international prices are more stable, rupee has really caused import economics to work. So in terms of our demand forecast we don’t see changes, any changes in subsidy policy jeopardizing the demand outlook in India. The other thing I would add is that with the crop and petroleum prices, it takes a lot of pressure off the government in terms of its overall subsidy bill because petroleum takes up a pretty big chunk of that. So I think there will be a little bit less pressure to squeeze the balloon a little bit harder on the P&K side.
Jim Prokopanko: Okay and with that I’d like reinforce our key messages and thank you all for the questions and the interest on this call. First, we believe the current negative sentiment in agriculture markets is overblown and the low valuations present compelling opportunities for Mosaic and investors alike. Second, we always have to keep in mind that this is a cyclical business. Agricultural commodity prices are indeed lower. This cycle will play out and prices will certainly rise again. Third and most important Mosaic is in an excellent condition to thrive across the cycle. We have the resources, the assets and talent to whether the current economic environment sees opportunities as they arise and outperform when conditions improve. Thank you all for joining the call. I hope you all have a great and safe day. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - VP, IR Larry Stranghoener - Interim CEO Richard Mack - EVP and CFO Jim Prokopanko - President and CEO Richard McLellan - SVP—Commercial Michael Rahm - VP, Market and Strategic Analysis James "Joc" O'Rourke - EVP—Operations and COO
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Donald Carson - Susquehanna PJ Juvekar - Citigroup Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Christopher Parkinson - Credit Suisse Mark Connelly - CLSA Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Carl Chen - Scotiabank Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets Yonah Wiesz - HSBC Matthew Korn - Barclays Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter 2014 earnings call. Presenting today will be Larry Stranghoener, Interim Chief Executive Officer; and Richard L. Mack, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions, after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Larry will review Mosaic's accomplishments for the quarter and our views on current and future market conditions. Rich will share his insights into our capital management philosophy and our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our web site at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, July 31st, 2014, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Stranghoener: Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. I will start with an update on Jim. I am delighted to inform you, that he will be returning to his duties full time on August 4th, and he is with us this morning. It has been an honor to fill in for him during his absence. Now let's get to business; we have three key messages for you today. First, global demand for fertilizer was and is very strong. Second, despite lower agricultural commodity prices, farmers around the world continue to have strong incentive to maximize their yields; and third, Mosaic continues to put its capital to use to grow the company, and reward investors. First, let's discuss the demand picture. Demand for phosphate and potash was strong in all key agricultural areas of the world, so strong in fact, that producers are struggling to keep up. For potash for example, we are fully committed through the third quarter. For several quarters, we have been predicting that volumes would rise first, followed by prices, and indeed this is happening. We have seen steady volume growth since the end of last year, and prices eventually followed; first in phosphates and then in potash. The second quarter played out as we expected. We saw strong sales volumes, and an uptick in potash prices. Phosphate prices were solid around the globe, and the seasonal dip in phosphate shipments was limited as we predicted. The strength in phosphate prices without major market participation from India was somewhat unexpected, with their total imports of phosphate at only 1.5 million tonnes year-to-date. We continue to expect India to import 4.5 million to 5 million tonnes of DAP this year, which should further support prices in the second half. Potash prices have risen as well, with customers trying to lock in tonnes for the fall season. I say trying to lock-in tonnes, because supply is limited. Rick McLellan and I recently traveled to visit customers in the corn belt, and we saw empty potash bin after empty potash bin, simply put, the cupboard was bare. Customers are motivated to have tonnes in inventory for a good fall application season. They know producer inventories are very limited, and they expect potential logistical issues this fall, when an anticipated large harvest will be competing with other commodities for a limited number of railcars and barges. Geopolitical issues in the Ukraine and Israel, as well as typhoon damage in China are adding further uncertainty to near term logistics challenges. All these uncertainties are highlighting Mosaic's strengths. Our customers value the security of supply we can provide, thanks to our unique mix of assets, global reach and talent. In both phosphates and potash, we are maintaining our global shipment forecast, which are 65 million to 66 million tonnes, and 57 million to 58 million tonnes respectively. These forecasts for global shipments have not changed all year, and they were consistently above the rest of the markets, and now others have revised their numbers upward. While business conditions have improved, we are maintaining our focus on execution. We are making good progress toward our goals to generate $0.5 billion in cost savings from our two business units and our corporate functions. Strong global demand and rising prices, coupled with lower controllable operating expenses, drove solid financial results for the quarter. We generated net earnings of $248 million or $0.64 per share on net sales of $2.4 billion, compared with net earnings of $430 million and net sales of $2.6 billion in the second calendar quarter of 2013. We continue to generate strong operating cash flow with nearly $800 million during the quarter. Even as we fund our capital commitments, we are maintaining a solid cash cushion, with $2.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents on hand. We continue to make important strategic progress and we are successfully executing the many initiatives we announced over the past year. We have asked the organization to absorb a great deal of additional effort, from acquisition integration to balance sheet optimization to production capacity expansion, and I am proud of the excellent and diligent work our team is producing. We are energized by the outcomes our strategic moves will provide, and by the ever present long term promise of our mission, to help the world grow the food it needs. I would like to provide a few updates on our strategic accomplishments. First, our potash expansions remain on schedule and on budget. The new shaft at the Esterhazy K3 mine has reached a depth of more than 1,700 feet, and has moved through the Blairmore Water Formation, while the north shaft has reached 1,500 feet, and will soon emerge from the Blairmore. Despite recent volatility in potash demand, we have continued our steady and safe progress on these major projects. New potash capacity does not come cheap or easily, and it requires both a disciplined approach and conviction in the long term demand story. While we have throttled back future expansion plans, our conviction persists in our ongoing projects, because we know the world is going to need our additional production capacity. Second, we expect to close the ADM distribution acquisition in Brazil and Paraguay near the end of the year. We have received clearance from Brazilian antitrust authorities, and we have teams working to prepare for integration of the ADM business and its 500 plus employees. Once the acquisition is completed, we expect to increase our distribution in the world's most promising agricultural area, from 4 million to 6 million tonnes annually, and we expect to have a strong platform for future growth. Third, the CF industry's phosphate integration has gone exceptionally well. Our cultures have fit well together, and the former CF employees are enthusiastic about being part of the Mosaic term. The former CF facilities are meeting our production and cost expectations. Given current price and volume trends in the industry, this deal was very well timed. Fourth, expansion of our MicroEssentials production capacity continues on-schedule and on-budget. We are converting part of our New Wales facility in Florida, to help us meet the growing demand for our phosphate based premium product, which creates incremental value for growers, distributors and Mosaic. Fifth, the Ma'aden joint venture is also on track, and we reached an important milestone in June. We and our partners at Ma'aden and SABIC secured $5 billion in financing for the project, with 20 financial institutions participating. Once complete, the joint venture is expected to be the lowest cost phosphate operation in the world, and it will have a logistical advantage to key Asian geographies. Sixth, our portfolio improvements continued during the quarter. we sold our decommissioned potash mine in Hersey, Michigan, and its new owner will now operate it as a salt mine. We are also working toward a sale of our distribution business in Argentina, and we will soon cease operations in Chile. In addition, we made the decision to stop MOP production at our Carlsbad, New Mexico potash mine. Production costs at Carlsbad was significantly higher than at our Canadian mines, in large part because of the problematic rock reserve in the Carlsbad basin. We will only produce K-Mag, our premium potash product at Carlsbad going forward. These divestitures and production decisions have been difficult, but all of them were the right call for the company and our shareholders. We expect enhanced profitability without sacrificing our ability to meet global demand for potash and phosphates. Seventh and perhaps most important, we continue to generate strong and improving safety performance, with our key measure of injuries improving by 15% over last year's record performance. Finally, we have continued to make great progress toward our goal of more efficient balance sheet. We have done what we said we would do, using our capital to create value. I will leave the capital details to Rich Mack. By my count, we have announced a dozen significant strategic decisions since the beginning of 2013, and all of them are proceeding as planned. These are differentiating us from our peers, as we are balancing significant internal and external investments with substantial shareholder distributions. It’s a track record we are proud of, and more importantly, it signals our unwavering confidence in the future prospects for this business. Now before Jim provides some concluding thoughts on the markets and the quarters ahead, I would like to welcome Rich Mack to the call. As you know, Rich is our new CFO. He has been a highly effective, and influential leader at Mosaic since our founding, and has made a successful transition into his new role. Many of you have already spoken with Rich, and I know, he is eager to build relationships across the investment community in the months ahead. Rich?
Richard Mack: Thank you, Larry, and good morning to everyone on the call. As some of you know, Larry and I have worked very closely together on material decisions impacting Mosaic, since the company was formed in 2004. In fact, we were the very first employees of this company. With Larry's announced retirement at the end of the calendar year, let me just say that I have a tremendous amount of respect for him, and have been very fortunate to work with him for the past 10 years. He has been a remarkable mentor, and I will work diligently to continue his track record highlighted by unwavering integrity and consistently transparent investor communications. Turning now to the quarter; I am pleased that my first quarter in the CFO position was strong, and the capital markets were relatively uneventful, notwithstanding rising geopolitical uncertainty. The successful execution of our strategies at Mosaic continues to unfold, and I look forward to additional steady and measured progress in the future. I will start with a brief discussion of our business segment financial results for the quarter, provide some insight on our capital management philosophy, and close by providing our guidance for the third quarter. In phosphates, the price momentum that began last winter resumed again this quarter, with average selling prices reaching $465 per tonne. The price improvements were driven by strong demand in low producer pipeline inventories. We sold 3.4 million tonnes of finished phosphate products during the quarter, which was at the top end of our guidance range, with particularly strong demand for the North American spring planting season. This quarter represents the first full quarter of production and sales from our CF Phosphate's acquisition, and as a result, it was a near record quarter in terms of volume. Our operating rate in phosphates was 85%, which was in line with prior guidance. Our gross margin rate in phosphates was 17%, which was flat with last year, as margins were negatively impacted by about three percentage points, as a result of accounting impacts from the acquisition. This $36 million non-cash impact will not continue, however the acquisition will drive higher ongoing depreciation, repletion and amortization of about $8 million per quarter from the step-up in asset values. Operating earnings for the segment were $206 million, compared with $191 million a year ago. In our potash business, prices continue to support our belief that we reached a floor earlier this year. Average selling prices per MOP were $267 per tonne for the quarter. We shipped 2.5 million tonnes of potash, which was near the top end of our guidance range. Our operating rate came in at 76%, negatively impacted by unplanned downtime at our Carlsbad mine, in a longer than expected turnaround at [indiscernible]. The potash segment generated operating earnings of $213 million, compared with $346 million in the second quarter of 2013, driven by lower realized prices, a lower operating rate, higher depreciation, which was partially offset by an unrealized gain on derivatives, primarily FX, in cost of goods sold. Turning now to Mosaic's capital management philosophy. As Mosaic's new CFO, I'd like to spend a little time reviewing our capital allocation. What we have done, and what you can expect going forward, we have made nearly $9 billion in capital commitments over the past two years, with the majority of the capital being invested in growth initiatives. We have long believed that smart long term capital allocation is essential to creating shareholder value in this industry. We have also optimized our asset portfolio through the divestitures and production decisions Larry highlighted earlier on this call. I should note that we expect to record charges, largely non-cash for the decommissioning of MOP production at Carlsbad in the third and fourth quarters. In our view, Mosaic has been, by far, the most aggressive company in the industry during the weak part of the business cycle, and we have not deviated from our often stated philosophy, which is to invest first in organic growth and maintenance of our assets. Then in financially appealing acquisitions and joint ventures, followed by distributions of excess cash to shareholders. As a result, we are in excellent position for the stronger parts of the cycle, while continuing to maintain a very solid financial foundation. In addition to the business initiatives Larry mentioned, the $9 billion shown on this slide, includes more than $1 billion allocated to our maintenance and reliability programs, which results in greater productivity levels, and helps ensure the safety of our employees. Notably, we have also allocated over $3 billion in capital distribution to shareholders. We have paid over $800 million in dividends, and funded $2.4 billion in share repurchases, including the Class A share repurchasing agreement, which coincidentally was completed yesterday. We have a remaining authorization of $600 million for additional share repurchases. This is a heavy list of accomplishments in a short period of time. we don't believe you will find any other company in our space as committed to capital stewardship and leveraging it to create value for our shareholders. Larry and I also work closely on the development of our financial targets in early 2013, and I remain committed to our financial philosophy. We have deployed significant capital, and we continue to make progress in optimizing our balance sheet, while maintaining a cushion appropriate for the cyclicality of our business. That said, we are growing. We have invested for growth, and we expect to review our options to redeploy the excess cash flow we generate from that growth. Our targeted cash liquidity buffer is $2.25 billion, which is comprised of $750 million on balance sheet, and our unused credit revolver. As of June 30, we had on-balance sheet cash and cash equivalents of $2.4 billion. Subsequent to the dollar, we have repurchased approximately $300 million of stock from the Margaret A. Cargill Trusts. In addition, we have committed $350 million for our pending Brazil acquisition, and expect to set aside about $625 million for our asset retirement obligations under RCRA. This leaves us near term resources of about $400 million in excess cash. Our targeted adjusted debt-to-EBITDA is 1.5 to 2 times and we are in this range now. Remember, our primary objectives for these metrics are to optimize our balance sheet, while maintaining our credit rating. So, where are we today? We are comfortable with our stated liquidity and debt targets as of now. But we expect to review usage of excess cash as our business grows. We are mindful of our strong cash position, and we expect to generate strong cash flow from operations going forward. If we are not able to find adequate uses for this cash, whether internally or through strategic investments, you can expect that we will return excess amounts to shareholders. Going forward, the amount and timing of shareholder distributions will be dependent on the investment opportunities we see, including Mosaic's stock. I would also note that as of today, I have been in this role for about two months, and I am very excited about the great hand I have been dealt, in terms of our current and future financial capabilities. I look forward to sharing more information with you on this topic in the months ahead. Finally, I will discuss our guidance for the third quarter of 2014; our outlook remains positive, with the expectation of a strong third quarter, followed by the traditional seasonal slowdown in the fourth quarter. In the near term, we expect stable margins and high operating rates in phosphates, and with strong potash sales expectations, we anticipate that our potash mines will operate at full capacity rates, following scheduled maintenance downtime. Of course, many unknowns will influence the environment, including U.S. crop progress, as well as demand from India, exports from China, and the developing geopolitical unrest around the world. Global demand prospects continue to look very promising, despite the lower prevailing agricultural commodity prices. We continue to project that global shipments of the main finish phosphate products will increase nearly 4% to a record 65 m n to 66 million tonnes this year, and that global potash shipments will rise by 7%, or nearly 4 million tonnes, to 57 million to 58 million tonnes in 2014. In phosphates, sales volumes are expected to range from 3.3 million to 3.6 million tonnes for the third quarter, and our inventories are expected to remain limited. This compares to 2.7 million tonnes in last year's period. We expect our realized prices for DAP to range from $440 to $470 per tonne. Mosaic's phosphate operating rate is expected to approach 90% during the third quarter, while the phosphate segment gross margin rate is expected to be in the middle to high teens. On the potash side, we expect the sales volumes to be in the range of 1.8 million to 2 million tonnes during the third quarter, compared with actual volumes of 1.4 million tonnes in the same period last year. We expect average realized potash prices to be in the range of $275 to $295 per tonne. The gross margin rate for the potash segment is expected to be in the high 20% to low 30% range. With strong global demand, we are fully committed for the third quarter. Our operating rate in potash will reflect required maintenance downtime, and is expected to be in the low 70% range. Our 2014 Canadian resource taxes and royalties increased to a range of $170 million to $110 million, due to higher income in Canada. And full year brine management expenses are expected to remain around $200 million, with slightly higher spending in the second half of 2014, compared to first six months. We estimate SG&A expenses to be approximately $390 million to $400 million in calendar 2014, which is lower than prior guidance, due to the accelerated impact of our expense savings initiatives. These expenses include charges related to cost savings initiatives, and our phosphate acquisition. For the year, we estimate an effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, continuing in the mid to high 20% range. The tax rate is being driven higher by our decision to repatriate cash from Canada, which resulted in higher non-cash expenses. All else equal, it is reasonable to expect our tax rate to return to the low to mid 20% range for 2015. And finally, our expectations for capital expenditures and equity investments declined to the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion, including investments in the Ma'aden joint venture, reflecting about $200 million of investments shifting into 2015. With that, I look forward to getting to meet many of you over the next several months, and now I am very please to welcome Jim to the call, for his concluding comments.
Jim Prokopanko: Thank you, Rich. Your initiation as CFO is now complete. Before I begin, I would like to thank Larry for so capably taking the helm, while I was out for the last couple of months. An interim role brings some unusual challenges, and I know that Larry has handled everything the job threw at him, with his usual grace and integrity. I am pleased to report, that I will resume my full time duties next week. At that time, Larry will assume the previously announced role of Executive Vice President of Strategy and Business Development for the duration of 2014. As our presentation today makes clear, we are feeling very good about the crop nutrition industry, and Mosaic's future prospects. We have seen the business improvements we expected, and we believe demand will remain solid at least through the fall season here in North America. Fertilizer inventories all over the world are reaching very low levels, particularly in India, where farmers are continuing to buy as little as possible, as they await evidence of the new government subsidy and other agricultural intentions. As always, there are several factors to watch, including the Indian monsoon, China phosphate exports, the impacts of geopolitical conflicts, logistical issues, and of course, agricultural commodity prices. Before we take your questions, I'd like to address the declines in corn and soybean prices, because I think its important that we put this short term commodity price weakness in perspective. Agriculture in 2014 is a vastly different and vastly more resilient business than it was even a decade ago. Today's farmers, in all of the key agricultural regions of the world, are using highly sophisticated technology. They have learned that they have to understand a wide range of global markets, and they manage their acreage and their herds for maximum economic yield. We believe that this period of lower grain and oilseed prices will be short lived, and that the modern farmer, as well as Mosaic, will weather it well. We have ample evidence for this belief. First, farmers are more concerned about revenue per acre, than they are about price per bushel. They can increase through yields, and thus the revenue per acre, through the proper application of fertilizers. Second, prudent farmers have very strong balance sheets, following the long run of high grain and oilseed prices. Farmers know that agriculture is cyclical, and they plan for and expect periods of lower prices. Third for fertilizer producers, successive bumper crops are good news. Big crops deplete the soil of nutrients, which must be replenished to drive future big crops. Farmers are not going to pay for expensive [indiscernible], equipment and other inputs, then skimp-on fertilizer. That would be like buying a Ferrari and then not buying the gas to put it in. Fourth, a likely early harvest will give farmers ample time to complete their fertilizer application in the fall, giving them a head start coming out of winter. This is another reason why we expect and are seeing strong demand for fall fertilizer application in North America. Finally and most important, the tug of war between yields and demand will continue. Stocks to use ratios remain low, which is one reason why farmers planted 92 million acres of corn in the U.S. this year. They know the world is hungry, and that it is getting hungrier every day. Volatility is a fact of life in agriculture, but so is the long upward trend of demand for food. This industry requires a long term view and the long term remains undoubtedly appealing. Mosaic is in an excellent position to outperform over the long term. Our company has been public for nearly 10 years now, and in that time, we have accomplished a great deal. We have built a resilient franchise, that has demonstrated its ability to earn solid profits across the business cycle, and in recent times, we have taken advantage of the numerous opportunities to accelerate our progress. I am thrilled to be back, primarily because I am so enthusiastic about the years ahead for Mosaic and all our stakeholders. With that, I will turn the call back to Larry to moderate the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Thank you. And your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning and welcome back Jim. Its great to hear. Could you talk a little bit about the composition of shipments in potash for the third quarter, just in terms of, where [indiscernible] geographically? I am presuming that a big North American probably less Brazil, less China, more India and Southeast Asia, is that the right way to think about it?
Larry Stranghoener: Good morning Vincent. Yes, you're thinking about it the right way. I will let Rick McLellan amplify.
Richard McLellan: I think Vincent you've pretty much outlined what we expect to happen. The demand in North America is very strong, and its really driven by the fact that after a really good spring application season, the pipeline has completely emptied out of product, and so there is going to be a big push to get those tons into this marketplace. As well, you're heading into Brazil planting season, so they are going to continue to pull tonnes, despite being on a very solid pace. And then yes you're right, mostly going to Southeast Asia, and probably not very much into China, until we get into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets: Hi, thank you. Your rock costs went up in the quarter, looking maybe a couple of years ago. Could you talk about what happened there, and how you see that playing out -- those costs playing out for the next few quarters? Thanks.
Larry Stranghoener: Joel, good morning. Yes rock costs were up in the quarter, its directly a function of the accounting impacts for the CF acquisition, where we had to write-up the acquired inventory, and those costs will go back to a more normal level in the third and fourth quarter of the year.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna: Yes, thank you. Want to go back to potash demand, really two parts. One in the domestic market, Larry, you commented how you saw lots of empty bins. I am wondering how much of this demand is pipeline filling versus pounds in the ground, maybe Mike Rahm can comment on what he thought consumption increased by most recent fertilizer year? And the standard market seemed much looser, and I am wondering why Canpotex decided to keep shipping optional tonnes at China at low first half prices, and why you won't seek a contract a higher prices?
Larry Stranghoener: Good morning Don, thank you for those questions. Again I will ask Rick to answer a couple , with response from Mike Rahm as well.
Richard McLellan: Good morning Don. I will start with the domestic market, and frankly, from our perspective, we see that the product that's going to go into North America, we are going to have to point it to the right markets, the markets that are going to use it this fall. And we don't look to see much pipeline growth during this period. So the product that was in storage and was sold, went to the market in the spring, and was going to get shipped between now and the end of fall, which by the way, probably, will have a long tail, because you're going to get an early start to harvest, will get used up. We don't see the pipeline fill. Mike, do you want to talk about disappearance maybe?
Michael Rahm: Sure. Good morning Don. Just to refresh, we are projecting global shipments of potash at 57.4 million tonnes this year, that's up 3.8 million tonnes from last year. If you look at the price chart of potash, potash prices trended down and bottomed early this year, and we think over the last couple of years, pipelines around the globe have been pulled down to very low levels. So of this 57.4 million, we think that most of that is virtually all used. Another way to think about it, if you look at global grain and oilseed production, we had a huge step-up in 2013. We are going to continue to produce at that very high level, probably more. And if you look at 100 million metric tonne increase in global grain and oilseed use, that pulls a lot of incremental nutrients out of the ground. So short answer, we think most of these shipments around the world, and especially in North America, are going to the ground.
Larry Stranghoener: Don, just to reiterate the key message, demand is strong around the world for both P&K and inventory levels are very level.
Richard McLellan: I think Don, there was another part to your question, its Rick, about the China contract; the agreement with China on optional tonnage -- it was a jointly agreed upon option. Frankly, when we agree to move forward with that, the market pricing on standard hadn't improved that much. The fact that we now are in a position where we are well sold on standard, is allowing those spot markets to move up.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi. Your line is open.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, thank you. So where do you see DAP inventories in China and India today? I think Mike Rahm had talked about low phosphate inventories almost a year ago. Wondering, can you compare today's inventory to that point? And also discuss phosphate exports from China this year, which I believe are tracking much higher than last year? Thank you.
Larry Stranghoener: Good morning PJ. Thank you. I will turn again to Rick and Mike. Starting with Mike.
Michael Rahm: Well Rick, you had a -- why don't you go ahead first?
Richard McLellan: Last year at this time, well Mike's getting his numbers together. I will just talk about what we said, that there was a build of in-country inventory, and it was getting chewed through. Well this year, we see the impact of that being, as we expect between 4.5 million and 5 million tonnes of imports into India of DAP. There is a 1.5 million bring brought forward today, we believe between now and the 1st of November, they need arrivals of close to 3 million tonnes of DAP. Minimal amounts of those tonnes have been booked. So they have -- given that we are going to be the 1st of August tomorrow, they have to get some buying shoes on pretty quickly. Mike, you want to take --
Michael Rahm: Sure. PJ, let me answer the last question first, in terms of China's exports. They are tracking higher, and then our projection for their total DAP map tripled exports this year, a little whisker shy of 6 million tonnes, and that compares to about 5.3 million tonnes last year. Most of that increase is in the form of DAP. But there is kind of a symbiotic relationship between China and India. So India's imports of DAP, as Rick mentioned, we think they will be in that 4.5 million to 5 million tonnes, with three left to ship between now and November. Just in terms of phosphate pipeline inventories, we think in the case of India, that inventory or pipeline is pretty much dry, and they are playing a very close game of supplying the phosphate that Indian farmers need. So I think it’s a very similar story to potash. The pipeline is very low, and in the case of India, the recent regeneration of the monsoon is extremely good news. The last official report from the meteorological group in India was that rainfall was 25% less than normal, and the most recent information we have from our team there, as we think the report tomorrow will indicate that rainfall is only 80% or so below normal. So it started late, but it has been a very-very good -- delivering very good rainfall, here recently.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. You have a $500 million cost cutting program. How much in costs do you think you will take out in 2015? And secondly, do you expect global potash demand and global phosphate demand to grow in 2015?
Richard Mack: Jeff, good morning. Starting with the cost cutting program, we have described, starting I think last year, our program to reduce costs at our operating units by some $200 million each, coupled with extensive cost reductions in our corporate secret [ph] functions. We are well down the path of defining the road to get there, and have begun to implement the actions. You have seen some evidence of that already, I think you're starting to see evidence of it in our results. I will ask Joc to give some more color on what we are doing.
James "Joc" O'Rourke: Yeah Jeff; so just to give a little bit of color on our cost cutting; certainly -- or productivity improvement; certainly what we have done so far, if you look at the evidence of Hersey and Carlsbad, the shutting down of MLP at Carlsbad, those take significant costs out of our system to produce the same number of tonnes of potash. So that's the first step. We are right sizing our other operations, and we are getting into a real hard look at what the productivity is. So if you are asking how we are going in terms of timing, I would say, we are front end loaded, but we do expect to take a whole five years to get that $400 million.
Larry Stranghoener: With respect to your second question on P&K volumes in 2015, note that 2014 is a year of record shipments, and Mike, why don't you unveil our thoughts about 2015?
Michael Rahm: Sure. We have asked our geographies to provide some input, in terms of how they see 2015 shaping up. We expect further increases in 2015, maybe not quite as robust as 2014, but in terms of specific ranges, we think 2015 global phosphate shipments will be in that 65.5 to 67.5 range, and our point estimate is kind of right in the middle, and that follows the 1.6 million tonne increase this year. So from point-to-point, we are estimating almost 1 million tonne increase, about 1.3%, little bit lower growth rate, but still growth in the current environment. In case of potash, the numbers come in for 2015 around 58 million to 60 million tonnes, and frankly, our point estimate is at the high end of that range. So we think there will be a pretty decent follow-through to the 7% increase that we have seen in potash shipments this year, that translates into about 3.8 million tonne increase in 2014, probably at 2 million to 2.5 million tonne increase in 2015.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher Parkinson - Credit Suisse: Perfect, thank you. You mentioned your goal of growing ADM's fertilizer tonnes in Brazil, from about 4 million to 6 million. Can you just remind us of your initiatives in MicroEssentials in the region, and also your expectations going forward the next couple of years? Thank you.
Larry Stranghoener: Chris, just to be sure, the acquisition of the ADM business in Brazil and Paraguay brings with it, that incremental 2 million tonnes. So we are not talking about growing their business, we are talking about adding their 2 million tonnes volume to our current 4 million tonnes of volume to get to 6 million total. And again what is a large and still a very fast growing marketplace. The MicroEssentials story is a key part of the value of this acquisition. Rick, could you just shed a little bit of light on our thinking there?
Richard McLellan: Yeah, thanks Larry. We have been talking about the success of MicroEssentials in North America a lot. We haven't spent as much time talking about that success in Brazil. And frankly, again, it’s a yield story; it’s a yield story on soybeans, where we are getting anywhere from 4% to 6% increase in soybean yield, that's the first value that it creates. The second, is you are sending in a very costly market environment for freight, the same nutrients in less tonnes. And so, there is a value that the farmer sees for that. They can get the product there in a more cost effective manner, and they run less product through their own equipment. So for those few reasons, we have seen pretty consistent growth, and right now, we are at about 6% of the Brazil market is delivered -- phosphates are delivered as MicroEssentials.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: I was hoping that Rick would share his perspective on Ma'aden? How the project is progressing, what the biggest issues are and update on production and ramp-up?
Larry Stranghoener: Yeah Mark. That would be Rich Mack, who has been our representative on the board at Ma'aden as one of the architects of the deal. So Rich, could you address that please?
Richard Mack: Sure, thanks Larry; and Mark, I guess the way I would characterize it is, progress on Ma'aden is advancing very well. The stages that we are at right now would be in advanced engineering on virtually all packages that we need to construct this very large $7.5 billion project. As was noted in the prepared comments, this is a big project finance deal, and we had a very successful project financing of $5 billion close in the last 45 days or so, at very favorable pricing, so that's also another milestone. In areas of North and by Ras Al Khair, in the eastern part of Saudi Arabia, there are spades in the ground, and there is infrastructure emerging from the ground and advancing as expected. So lots of works to do, good progress, and as we previously communicated, we expect this 3 million to 3.5 million tonnes to come online in the last quarter of 2016.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Yeah hi. Good morning and welcome back Jim. Just wanted to circle back here in terms of North America, and if you could just sort of talk about kind of the logistical challenges and how you guys are sort of thinking about warehousing versus doing consignment agreements versus your partners, versus just making more spot sales, and how you're managing the various aspects of that business? Thanks.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Mike. Good morning to you, that's a timely topic. Joc, why don't you take the first stab at it? Rick, you might have something to add.
James "Joc" O'Rourke: I will take the first step, and then hand it over to Rick. Of course, our warehousing strategy includes both our own warehouses and customer warehouses, and Rick had mentioned some of the customer warehouses. We look at this as being something that probably will continue as an issue. North American rail logistics is going to be a problem. We are probably looking at increasing our own railcar fleet. For that reason, the availability of systems fleet cars is lower than probably it would have been, and we have got to expect, that there could be another winter ahead of us. As such, we are looking at all of the things we can do, to move product in a more measured way through the whole season. And with that, I will hand it over to Rick, to just talk about our --?
Richard McLellan: Thanks Joc. Good morning Mike. I think you were at the southwest, we talked for a moment. But there, all of the talk was about logistics, challenges, whether it would be barges, whether it would be rail or impending changes to trucking. This is something we are going to deal with. So separating purchasing from the time of shipment, is why we got into having these programs, and they will continue. The one thing you have to remember is, with the warehouses empty and product going to the field, there won't be product that will get -- warehouses won't get filled up before this fall, for those extra few tonnes that people might expect. Everything that goes between now and the start of the third quarter, and into the fourth quarter is going to go to the ground.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Carl Chen - Scotiabank: Thank you very much. Hi, this is Carl Chen stepping in for Ben. I was wondering if you could please remind us of how we should margins and EBITDA, the distribution business in Brazil, and are you still looking to expand in the country, or are you satisfied with your post ADM acquisition position for now?
Larry Stranghoener: Carl, good morning. We have made it very clear that we like the outlook for Brazil. We are pleased with the presence we have there today, but are very anxious to build on that. We are doing so of course through the ADM acquisition, which we hope will close by the end of this year, and we are looking at other expansion, internal expansion opportunities as well. This is important, largely as a way to ensure. We have got access to markets for our production, and that's really what this is all about. Its not to be in distribution for the sake of distribution, and because we see Brazil is such a large and growing market, we want to make sure that we can funnel product there for many years to come and having control over more distribution, as is a sure way of doing that. The distribution business itself is typically a 5% to 6% sort of operating margin, with very good returns on capital though, I might add. So all told, we think this is a very good business proposition for us, and we look forward to executing this growth plan in Brazil.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wong with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Andrew Wong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to talk about the phosphate sales volume guidance. Its sequentially higher, a bit higher. Can you talk about what's driving third quarter sales? Is it domestic, international, is it blended volumes, just trying to understand the mix, and it was mentioned earlier this year that the phosphate segment reporting was subject to a bit of a review, any update from that? Thanks.
Larry Stranghoener: Andrew, I will ask Rick to address the first question about our sales volume guidance for phosphate in the third quarter; and then Rich Mack can address the segment question that you raised. Rick?
Richard McLellan: Yeah, good morning Andrew. As we think about sales for the third quarter, it is the -- we expect the distribution or the blend sales to be up, as part of this. So that in itself will give the segment some margin compression as we go through it. But we also are seeing very good volumes for the domestic market, and into international marketplaces. We have focused on the Americas, and right now, we don't have very many tonnes going to China or India, or if you think about it at this time that two years ago, we were shipping a large share of what we are producing. So we are going to have higher volumes driven by our expansion and distribution, and the addition of CF tonnes. Rich?
Richard Mack: Thanks Rick. Andrew, I guess there is two things I would say on segment reporting. One, I am just moving into this role, and two, we have the ADM acquisition which is going to significantly increase the size of our international distribution business. I am well aware of the challenges that many of you have had, in terms of modeling our current segment composition, where we have international distribution and our phosphate upstream business in the same segment, and so I simply would ask you to stay patient and stay tuned. It's under review.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Yonah Wiesz with HSBC Bank. Your line is open.
Yonah Wiesz - HSBC: Good afternoon and thank you for the call. If I can ask about American phosphate dynamics, from a volume side, OCP has a greater presence this year, than in the past? I also believe China is delivering a significant amount of volume of DAP into North America, for the first time in some time. How is the market reacting to this? How are you reacting to this, in terms of volume, production or placement perspective? From pricing, last year, lower Indian prices did have a palpable influence on global pricing for DAP, also in North America, this year, doesn't seems to be hacking [ph] so much. I am wondering how you see that business shift as well? Thank you.
Larry Stranghoener: Good morning. Thank you for the questions. I think again, Rick McLellan would be the appropriate person to address those. Rick?
Richard McLellan: Good morning Yonah. If we think about imports into North America, the North American market requires imports to meet the total demand. There is not the capability for domestic producers to be the sole supplier to the marketplace. So we have seen product come from OCP, product from Mexico into the marketplace. Those frankly have to come. Your question about China, there were several Chinese vessels supposed to be heading to the U.S. But to-date, nothing has arrived, and the market continues to be very tight for supply into the third quarter. As far as the second question was on pricing on what we see, in India versus North America. I think that what we see happening is the North American price, or the price out of producers, ex-China, has continued to strengthen over the last six week period. In the meantime, the price that Chinese -- or that Indian buyers are having to pay to get those tonnes out of China, has increased dramatically. I think at the start of their programs, they had a 450 number that they are able to buy for the latest -- their hearing is between 485 and 490. So we have seen significant price pull up in India, and given the demand picture into the Americas for the next six to eight week period, we see the impact of India being minimal.
Larry Stranghoener: I would just reiterate, Yonah, the supply-demand picture for phosphate in particular, well for both nutrients, its just very solid through the rest of this year. There is a lot of demand, I hope we have made that very clear. There is strong demand this year. We see demand growth continuing next year. We find our customers are far more concerned about logistics, issues, and the challenge of getting product into the market this fall, and much less concerned about price. So it’s a good time to be on this business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Barclays. Your line is open.
Matthew Korn - Barclays: Good morning everybody, and again, welcome back Jim. So for potash, inventories are low, bins are empty, you've had a steady stream of updates really over the last several months, indicating how tight the granular market is? And it seems that your demand outlook is clearly improving. Is it fair to ask in this environment, why prices aren't moving up even higher? Have you had signals from your customers that you've got elasticity that could kick in, if you went to a higher price level? Is there anticipation that may be some of the transportation premium, that's embedded in pricing today could decline over the second half? Just curious on your thoughts there?
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning. Rick, you want to address that please?
Richard McLellan: I think the -- I will go back to what we have been saying since the start of the year. First, we needed to see demand growth. That demand growth is occurring. Our expectations are close to 4 million tonne increase in global potash demand in this year, and prices have moved higher. We expect that the Brazil business on a global basis will get done in the 360 range, and there is chances for opportunities for it to go to 380. We have put a price increase before we shipped -- before we booked tonnes into North America, that was up $20. Those are being realized and will be realized in the third quarter; and so, first we need to get the demand underneath those which we are getting, and then there is chances for prices to go higher.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: Yeah thanks. Good morning everyone and Jim, I would like to echo the comments. Good to hear you again. Question I guess for Mike Rahm, taking that demand outlook that you gave for next year both in potash and phosphate, the expectations internally on industry capacity utilization, and maybe Mike, if you can give a little more color on the breakdown of the demand growth in potash and the key regions that are driving it, particularly expected demand growth in North America and Brazil?
Larry Stranghoener: Adam, good morning. We will take one more question after this by the way, and as you suggest, I will turn this one over to Mike to respond to.
Michael Rahm: All right. Good morning Adam. I am glad you asked the question, because people I think are questioning demand growth in this commodity price environment. And I think one of the things you need to look at, the affordability index. We publish that each week on our web sites, last week, and let me just say, the affordability index is simply a ratio of ag commodity prices and crop nutrient prices. Last week that was 0.88, and I think many people are looking back to the 2008 period and saying, my gosh, we are going to be in the same soup here, given the drop off in ag commodity prices. But just if you contrast today with 2008; if you go back to the peak of that affordability index, that peaked at 1.55 back in the first week of August in 2008, and at that time, the price of urea I think was $780, the price of DAP was $1,078, the price of MOP was $918. And interestingly, if you look at the price of ag commodities at that time, price of corn was 5.22, little bit higher than the 3.62 today and the price of soybeans was 12.43, not a heck of a lot different than the 12.21 that we see today. So affordability, when we got our input from the geographies, our guidance was, I think in terms of an affordability index, similar to where we are at today. So that's kind of the background in terms of the -- how the forecast was put together in the guidance. In terms of where the increases are coming from, in the case of phosphate, we expect growth in India, and a little bit further growth in Brazil, with most of the other regions remaining about flat, and in a few regions, maybe a small decline and particularly in North America, if we see corn acres drop down into the 90 million acre range next year, we could see slightly lower shipments. In the case of potash, generally we see a pretty positive growth across the board, again, led by rebounds in India, also further growth we think in Brazil and China. So as I said before, in the case of potash, we are projecting another 2 million tonne increase in shipments or about a 4% increase. So hopefully that, I think, covers the basis in terms of that question about what does 2015 look like at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes. Good morning and thanks for squeezing me in. Two potash questions if I may, first, would you discuss your Canpotex allocation in the back half of the year and beyond, some of your competitors have proved out capacity, and so I am wondering if you think your mix will skew further to North America over the next year or so? And then second, maybe a simple question, but I thought I heard you say your potash volumes were committed entirely for the third quarter and yet we have a shipment range of 1.8 million to 2 million tonnes. So just wondering, if you could address maybe some of the variables that would conceivably skew to the higher end or the lower end there? Thanks.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning One final question for Rick. Rick?
Richard McLellan: Yeah. Frankly, our Canpotex allocation is going to ebb and flow as our partners have brought on production or we bring on production. So we are expecting, where we don't see a skew to more North America in the longer term, I think as we would in, we will come out, after all of the expansions are proven. So that if we don't see a long term difference there. Frankly Kevin, good question on why you would have a range, if you have everything sold. Its what I asked our own people, and I think frankly, its all about the logistic systems. Right now, we are assuming that the product that we produce, is going to get into the marketplace, and that the barge systems, the rail systems and the truck systems will perform. But there is a lot of competing commodities, moving on those same logistics systems. So that's the reason for the range.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Rick. Thanks Kevin. Thanks all for your patience this morning. We have run a little bit late. Before we close, I just want to repeat how delighted the team here is to have Jim back with us. Jim is looking fit and energetic. He is newly svelte. He has got a new haircut that reminds us all a bit of George Clooney, and he is here to give you some concluding comments. Jim?
Jim Prokopanko: Thanks very much Larry. With that, I am going to just reinforce what the key messages are that we left you in the last hour. First, the global demand for fertilizer is exceptionally strong, and I think you can pick that up just through the enthusiasm and the -- our outlook for the quarters ahead. Second, farmers around the world continue to have to produce, and they have a strong incentive to maximize their yields, even in a period of lower agricultural prices, they can't earn more money for producing less, they need to use fertilizers. And third, as Rich clearly described, Mosaic continues to put its capital use to grow the company, and to reward our investors. We feel great about our positioning and about Mosaic's future. Thank you all for joining our call. Its great to be back, and everybody have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations James Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer Lawrence Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial Michael Rahm - Vice President, Market and Strategic Analysis James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: PJ Juvekar - Citi Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Matthew Korn - Barclays Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Mark Connelly - CLSA Jacob Bout - CIBC Tom Ackerman - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, please go ahead.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions, after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will review Mosaic's accomplishments for the quarter and our views on current and future market conditions. Larry will provide an update on our capital management and share insights into our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, May 06, 2014, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Good morning. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings discussion. I would like to start by expressing my gratitude to all of you, who have wished me well. I have been overwhelmed by the outpouring supports, and I can tell you that the encouragement I received from so many people in and around this industry has lifted my spirits, as I undergo treatment. I continue to feel fit and well and have no other updates on my health today. We will be sure to keep you apprised if anything changes. Now, let's get to our results. Here is what I'd like you take away from today's call. First, the business environment remains challenging. Second, we, at Mosaic, are focused on what we can control and we continue to make great progress both strategic and financial. Finally, our future remains extremely bright. The combination of increased crop nutrient affordability and weather-driven supply uncertainty significantly increased distributed willingness to take price risk. This demand strength combined with previously positioned product resulted in strong North American sales volumes, in spite of the well-known weather-related logistical challenges. In Canada, the extremely cold and stormy winter delayed many rail shipments. A condition exacerbated by shortage of locomotives and a congested system due to increasing grain and commodity volumes. As a result, our international volumes were low and we faced short-term containment issues in Canada. We continue to see diversion trends at our two nutrients. In phosphates, the price rally that began in earnest late last year continued into the first quarter, with average selling prices in the quarter reaching $414 per ton. Producer margins expanded from unsustainable lower levels. Logistics challenges faced by some of our global competitors and strong demand fueled the increases. We are beginning to see prices leveling off. A seasonal impact, as we move through the North American spring, with the second half outlook expected to be a function of several factors, notable a rebound in Indian demand and the impact of Chinese exports. In this environment, we are very well-positioned in the best cortile of the cost curve with a distinctive large and growing premium product offering. In potash, shipment volumes remain behind plan. With one month behind us in the second quarter, we're continuing to ship at maximum current logistical capacity. Potash prices remain near the floor, established at the end of 2013, as supply and demand remain relatively balanced. We see upside potential, as these relatively low prices could drive even higher demand in the second half of 2014. Our product and geographic diversification is benefiting us, as we adapt and manage through these challenges. A quick note on economics. I keep insisting that fundamental economics will prevail. As I said, there are many factors influencing the price of potash and phosphates, from weather to politics, to fluctuating currencies and other events. In the end, the market set the price. And in the commodity business, like the fertilizer industry, temporary strategies to pursue higher volumes at the expense of profit maximization may indeed change market shares in the short-term, but a little to alter the long-term economics of the business. We're seeing that truth born out yet again in 2014. Despite the challenges and opportunities created by the external conditions, Mosaic delivered another solid quarter with prices and volumes for both phosphate and potash coming comfortably close to our expectations. For the quarter, we generated operating earnings of $267 million on revenues of $2 billion. We generated $627 million in cash flows during the quarter, as a result of earnings and lower working capital, driven by converting product positioned in North American warehouses to revenue and cash. At Mosaic, we continue to monitor and adapt to the environment, but we are focused on the things we can control. We continue to make excellent progress, delivering on the commitments we've made to you and our other stakeholders. We closed our phosphate acquisition in Florida and integration is moving along well. Larry, will provide more detail on this shortly. We announced an agreement to acquire ADM's Brazil fertilizer distribution business for $350 million, including $150 million of working capital. The acquisition, which complements approximately $100 million in expansion projects, already underway, would increase our distribution capacity in Brazil from 4 million tons to 6 million tons. The majority of which are potash and phosphate. Growing our Brazilian distribution business is one of our key strategic initiatives for a good reason. Plant nutrient use in Brazil has increased nearly 7% per year during the last five years and shipments are off to another fast start this year. Year-over-year total shipments were up 11% and phosphate and potash imports were up 77% and 48% respectively in the first quarter. Our previously announced projects are proceeding as planned. The Esterhazy K3 mines shafts are both more than a 1,000 feet below surface and they are successfully making their way through a major water formation. And construction is underway on the phosphate join venture in Saudi Arabia. We made still more progress towards achieving our balance sheet targets by repurchasing $1.7 billion of stock in the quarter. In the four months, after we were first able to repurchase shares, beginning last November, we've repurchased or committed to repurchase 52 million shares. That's over 12% of our shares outstanding. We have transformed our balance sheet and put billions of dollars of capital to work. This is another topic Larry will cover. We reached the decision to expand our MicroEssentials capacity to 3.5 million tons annually. We will convert part of our New Wales Plant to MicroEssentials production over the next year, adding 1.2 million tons of capacity. We have maintained a strong safety record and environmental performance, with a record low reportable injury rate during the quarter. Our performance reflects our continuous improvement approach to operational excellence and the well-being of our people, and we're implementing concrete plans to save costs. While many of the decisions we've made have been difficult, we're making the right moves to increase the efficiency of our operations, at the same time that we are taking substantial costs out of our corporate support functions. Obviously, our acquisitions bring with them additional people and expenses, and we continue to see inflationary pressures. That said, we are in the process of taking out $0.5 billion of cost across Mosaic over the next five years, with a focus of maintaining our best cortile cost position in phosphates and improving our cost group position in potash. These cost saving initiatives will result in elimination of more than 500 positions in the next 12 months. We will rely on attrition, elimination of contractors and early retirements, and regrettably there will also be impacts to our employees in the form of targeted layoffs in 2014. We achieved many strategic accomplishments in 2013, and we are not done yet. Our vision is for Mosaic to be the world's leading crop nutrition company, and I believe we are positioned to be just that. Now, I'll ask Larry to address financial topics and provide our guidance. Before we take your questions, I'll give you some thoughts on the markets and quarters ahead. Larry?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, all. This morning, I would like to cover four topics: first, our capital and balance sheet; second, the CF integration and our expectations for the acquisition; third, our financial results; and fourth, our guidance. Let's start with the balance sheet. As Jim said, we have made great progress. As recently as last fall, investors were clamoring for us, to put our cash to use and eagerly awaiting the exploration of restrictions on our ability to repurchase shares. As of today, through several transactions, we have repurchased 42.4 million shares at a total cost of $2 billion, and have agreements to repurchase an additional 9.3 million shares by the end of July of this year. It's worth repeating, in just four months, from the end of November 2013 to the end of March, we committed to repurchase 12% of the company's outstanding shares, and we've maintained our $1 per year dividend. All the while, we have funded $1.4 billion to purchase CF Industries' phosphate business, we have begun funding our joint venture with Ma'aden, we committed $350 million to purchase ADM's Brazilian and Paraguay fertilizer business, we plan to spend over $1 billion for sustaining capital and opportunity investments in 2014, and we have set aside funds over $600 million to fulfill our asset retirement obligations. In addition, we're crafting a much better capital structure. We have issued $2 billion in low interest long-term debt and plan to drawdown $800 million in term loans. My message is this, we told you, we would put our cash to use and create an efficient balance sheet, and we have done so, by both growing the business and returning capital to investors. Let me remind you, our capital priorities are to maintain our ratings and financial flexibility, sustain our assets and our dividend, invest for organic growth, pursue external growth opportunities, and finally, return surplus capital to our shareholders. We told you, we would hit our stated balance sheet and liquidity targets by mid 2014 and we believe we will. We expect our leverage ratio, adjusted debt to EBITDA to be well within the range we communicated to you last May, in the range of 1.5 to 2 to 1. Beyond 2014, subsequent capital returns will be a function of cash flow generation and available investment opportunities. Now, I'll move on to the CF Industries' phosphate business integration, which as Jim said is proceeding according to plan. We welcomed about 700 new employees to Mosaic, and we are finding the cultural fit to be excellent. We share values and steadfast commitments to safety and environmental stewardship. Jack and I just spent two days visiting our new operations and we're most impressed with the quality of the facilities and especially the quality and high engagement levels of our new employees. Going forward, of course, our phosphate guidance will include CF results. It's important to note that for the second quarter, our margin on tons from the former CF facilities is expected to be close to zero. This is the result of acquisition accounting requirements mandating that inventory we purchased from CF is mark-to-market. This accounting rule has no impact on cash flows. We are on track to achieve or exceed the targets we have previously set for the acquisition and of course the EPS accretion is even greater, given we have repurchased shares since these targets were set. Now, I'll move on to our financial results for the quarter. The year-over-year decline in market prices and the beginning resurgence of demand are reflected in our results. And since Jim already covered market prices and volume drivers, I will focus on expenses. Comparisons to last year's first calendar quarter for both operating segments and the corporate segment were impacted by the change in our fiscal year, as our annual equity performance award expenses were recorded in the quarter ended March 31. In addition, as Jim mentioned, we have programs in place to remove approximately $0.50 billion in costs across Mosaic over the next fiver years, and we plan to achieve that goal through operating efficiencies and labor savings. To emphasize the importance of this, we have implemented a special equity incentive tied to achievement of aggressive goals. This non-cash expense related to this award was also recorded in the quarter. Finally, we also recorded higher other operating expenses related to these cost initiatives. Specifically, we recorded $6 million in the first quarter in our potash segment for early retirement and severance cost. In phosphates, we experienced strong demand and good price momentum. The year-over-year decline in gross margin dollars reflects lower finished product prices, partially offset by lower raw material cost. Our gross margin rate in the segment was lower than expected, primarily due to a longer than anticipated lag time between pricing and delivery of our premium products. In potash, within our price and volume guidance ranges, despite the logistical challenges that impacted volumes, operating rate and gross margin rate, on a year-over-year basis, operating earnings declined to $166 million, down from $306 million. As you can clearly see from this slide, the lower sales prices had a significant effect on our earnings, only partially offset by higher sales volumes. Finally, I'll cover our near-term outlook and guidance for the second quarter of 2014. Our outlook is positive. In the near-term, we expect modest margin expansion in phosphates and stable operating rates in potash. In the latter half of the year, we expect continuing improvements in business conditions. Of course, many unknowns will influence the environment, including U.S. crop plantings and progress as well as demand from India and exports from China. Global demand prospects continue to look positive, bolstered by strong rallies in a wide array of agricultural and livestock prices during the first quarter. We project that shipments of the main solid phosphate products will increase nearly 4% to a record 65.5 million tons this year. We have narrowed our forecast range from 64 million to 66 million tons, to 65 million to 66 million tons. In the case of potash, we projected MLP shipments will rebound more than 7% to a record 57.4 million tons in 2014. We have also narrowed our forecast range from 57 million to 59 million tons to 57 million to 58 million tons. The slides in the appendix highlight the changes by region from our last forecast in February. In phosphates, sales volumes are expected to range from 3.1 million to 3.4 million tons for the second quarter compared to 2.9 million tons in last year's period. We expect our realized prices for DAP to range from $430 to $460 per ton. Mosaic's phosphates' operating rate is expected to be in the mid-80% range during the second quarter. The phosphate segment gross margin rate in the quarter is expected to be in the high-teens. The impact of the accounting requirement resulting in purchased finished goods inventory having no margin is expected to negatively impact gross margin by 3 percentage points. In the second quarter, we expect potash sales volumes to be in the range of 2.2 million to 2.5 million tons compared with actual volumes at 2.4 million tons in the same period of last year. We expect average realized potash prices to be in the range of $250 to $275 per ton, including a higher proportion of exports than reflected in the first quarter. The gross margin rate for the potash segment is expected to be in the high 20% range. Our operating rate in potash during the second quarter is expected to improve to the mid-80% range. We expect to continue to ship as fast as logistically feasible. Our 2014, Canadian resource taxes and royalties expectations remain in the range of $120 million to $180 million. Expectations for full year brine management expenses to continue to be around $200 million. Also for full year 2014, we estimate SG&A expenses to be approximately $400 million to $425 million, including cost savings initiatives and the impact of the CF phosphates business acquisition. Other expenses, for which we don't historically provide guidance, will include severance and early retirement-related charges. As we did in the first quarter, we will include these as notable items as they occur. For the year, we estimate an effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, continuing in the mid-to-high 20% range and capital expenditures and equity investments in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, including investments in our Saudi joint venture. With that, I will turn the call back to Jim for his concluding comments.
James Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. We've seen a number of recent reports expressing weariness with the long-term fertilizer story. I think I get it. We talk in grandiose terms about the need for global food security, the ever-growing global population, the slow increase in new land dedicated to agriculture, and we talk about it all the time. The reports I've seen, seem to imply we want to minimize the short-term challenges by diverting attention to long-term need. And I will concede, I think I've made the statement that we manage Mosaic for the long-term on just about every quarterly earnings call over the past few years. But the skeptic will say that the long term is like tomorrow, it never arrives. I'd like to address the skeptics with a few thoughts. First, as we've said many times, this is a cyclical business with higher highs and higher lows, as we move through time. That presents opportunity for all of us. Opportunity for strong companies to invest in the troughs, as Mosaic has done through this period and opportunities for investors as the cycle turns. The tendency we all have is to project current conditions on the long-term. To think that the present trends in global agriculture with commodity prices down will continue in perpetuity. History is not your friend, if you hold this view. Yes, agriculture is volatile, but its long trend is upward. Second, the short-term past and future has been and will be far less dire than has been portrayed for global agriculture and for the fertilizer industry, specifically. We remain solidly profitable at the lower end of the cycle. At Mosaic, we've generated consistently strong cash flows. We've used our balance sheet strength to make highly promising investments for the bright future ahead and we've returned significant capital to shareholders, all while generating good profits in tough times. And a further note on the short term. Farm economics, which lie at the heart of our business proposition, remain compelling today, particularly with corn prices back around $5 a bushel. The drop in commodity prices has been much discussed and it has decreased farmers' revenues, but at least as it relates to our business, the affordability of crop nutrients remains very compelling for farmers. That brings me back to the long-term. Listen, we tell the food story all the time, because we believe in it. Around, the world more people need to eat, more of them have the means to buy and consume protein and little additional land is being devoted to production agriculture. And therein is the sweet spot for crop nutrition. Sustainable intensification is essential to feed the world, and fertilizer used correctly is the most important means to that end. So what we have here around the bottom of the cycle is Mosaic generating solid profits and making big investments to achieve the tremendous promises of future. That's our story. It's true and it's compelling. One note, before we take your questions. I've been deeply touched and humbled by the outpouring of good wishes for my health, from those of you on this call and elsewhere. If people argue that the financial markets' crowd does not have a heart, I have proof to the contrary. I would now appreciate, if we can get straight to business with your questions. Thanks in advance for that. Operator, over to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi.
PJ Juvekar - Citi: A question on potash. If you look at Russian rail shipments of potash to China, I think they are down more than 40%. What impact do you think this has on the global supply demand and pricing?
James Prokopanko: Astute observation, something we've recognized ourselves, although just to make a comment on that, and then turn it over to Rick McLellan, leader of our Commercial group. We've seen that, I think we are now approaching one year since there has been some aggressive actions by the Eastern Europeans to build share in the marketplace. I think one year since they've made that decision, they're finding that -- and I made it in my comments, market shares may have increased, but when they look at their last restatements, I don't think anything is getting to the bottomline as a result of that. And in fact, I think it's been negative to that. So I think people are starting to recognize that they got to be more thoughtful about not just how much they sell, but what they earn in selling it and that's impacted some of our competitors willingness to-go-market.
Richard McLellan: PJ, we just got back from a trip with Canpotex to China and the rail shipments did come up when we were there. They are down year-over-year 46%. And whether that's a function of weather related, we're not really sure. But the one thing we do know is that the shipments by vessel are up, which frankly for us being a vessel shipper makes great sense, and we're pleased about that. We think that over the year, we're going to see real shipments start to ramp back up into the northern part of China, but it bodes well for more tons being needed to be shipped-in in the second quarter or in the second half. And I think that's the piece with China change in rail that will be helpful to the market or constructive.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess two-part question. Can you speak to how you see the $500 million in cost savings flowing through over the next five years, and then a similar question for the CF synergies of $40 million to $50 million? And perhaps you could touch on the second quarter impact for each of those that you anticipate?
James Prokopanko: Good morning. Kevin, welcome to the call. I'm going to ask Larry to help me out with detailing the timing of the $500 million. But this is something that the $500 million, as we previously announced at our New York Investor Day in October. The point I want to make is this has been a well thought-out plan, well detailed and considered. And in that context, at Mosaic, we pride ourselves in achieving what we say we're going to achieve, whether it's in strategy or operating performance. And I just want to stress that we are confident. We are going to achieve those $500 million of savings. We're really putting our shoulder to it, look to achieve much of those savings earlier rather than later. And I'll have Larry speak to the timing of that as well as what we are looking with the CF integration.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Kevin, as Jim said, this is part of our program we laid out at our Analyst Day meeting. We're targeting $200 million-plus in each of the operating units over the next five years. We're targeting $50 million-plus from corporate over the next five years. As Jim noted, we'd hope to get, and expect to get, the bulk of that over the first two to three years. Note that, much of this program is intended to offset the effects of inflation. Particularly, in phosphates, we're already at the very low-end of the cost curve. And so the program there is intended to allow us to fully offset the effects of inflation and remain at the very low-end of the cost curve. In potash, we're currently on the wrong side of median on the cost curve. We intend to get to the left side of median on the cost curve. And so the desired effect is to offset the effects of inflation and then some. And in incorporate as we've discussed with you in the past, we've recognized for some time, we have an opportunity to do things more efficiently and more effectively, and we've gone about a program that's just being implemented, as we speak, to get the kinds of savings that we've outlined. On top of that, as you've noted, there will be significant synergy savings with the CF. We're delighted by what we've seen so far with CF and the opportunities that we have there. We expect to begin achieving meaningful synergy savings in calendar 2015, so some of those will extend into 2016 and beyond. Note that, as a result of this, this is a multiyear program. One should not expect to see substantial savings in the current year, certainly not in the second quarter. But you will see these savings over time, it will allow us to remain a very cost competitive player in this industry and that's our primary intention.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn from Barclays.
Matthew Korn - Barclays: I was looking at the progress of your potash shipment forecast. It is very interesting to see that Europe looks like it's been a little bit lighter than expected, maybe that makes Brazil a little bit better. Could you discuss a little bit the reasons that those respective markets have been unfolding the way they have? And then, looking into the next year, if we've got conviction, and we've got to believe to rank it above say 60 million in tons total shipments. Are the hopes really pinned on Brazil kind of continuing the growth pace they've been on?
James Prokopanko: Brazil is really a shining star, not just in potash, but phosphate as well. Both our nutrients are really firing on all cylinders, going into Brazil. I'm going to ask Mike to add his insights on, how the world is rebouncing in terms of potash demand? Mike?
Michael Rahm: Let's start with Brazil, first. We're projecting that imports in 2014 will be about 8.4 million tons, so up from about 7.6 million. So Brazil, certainly, is the engine pulling this train. First quarter was fantastic. Imports were up 48%, 1.8 million tons versus 1.2 million tons a year ago. So Brazil continues to be a shining star. And we expect that, as we move into peak shipment months this summer, as they position product for their planting season, we'll see an uptick in those shipments. In terms of Europe and the FSU, we're not as close to that market. We tend to rely more on consultants for that. And just to give you some perspective, FERTECON is projecting that shipments in the European theatre, defined as Former Soviet Union, Eastern Europe and Western Europe, they are projecting 1 million ton increase in shipments from 10.2 million to 11.2 million. We've tapered that down a little bit and expect shipments to increase from 10.2 million to about 10.8 million, about a 600,000 ton increase. I think some of the same fundamental drivers in terms of decent commodity prices very low pipeline, all come into play in that theatre as well. And as you say, and as we look ahead to 2015, our preliminary numbers begin with a six. So we expect that the same fundamentals that are in play today continue in terms of very good farm economics, not only for the corn, soybeans and wheat. But if you look at things like palm oil, coffee, what not, you're looking at double-digit increases in those commodities as well as commodities like fruits and vegetables that are very heavy potash user. So I think there is unappreciated demand story out there developing, and we expect trends we're seeing now to continue into 2015.
James Prokopanko: Matthew, I'm just going to add to that the principal hole in the potash demand story is, comes down to two countries, India and China. And that's where we've seen a lot, but we haven't seen the demand growth. In fact, we've seen retrenchment in demand. In the case of India -- in both India and China, it's not a matter of, if the demands are going to come back, it's going to be when. Messages coming out of India, post this national election, is that there will be material reform to the subsidy program. We think that's going to get corrected. The industry leaders in India believe that, the distributors believe it and most of the senior government people, I'd say, all the senior government people we talk to, they understand it. They get that they have to reform the subsidy system. So with the subsidy reform, we'll see demand come back. And in China, we're optimistic about the second half. We see a decent demand in this first half and with virtually all their contracts they have optional purchase agreements for the second half. But it's our view that they are going to exercise. So we're going to see, unlike we saw last year, only half-a-year demand from China. We expect full 12 months of good demand from China and see that market recovering.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital: If I look at some of your guidance for Q2, it seems that you're suggesting that North American potash volumes might be flat in Q2 year-over-year, and then phosphate volumes in North America might be up significantly year-over-year. Maybe you talk about some of the drivers for both of that? And also, if you see some residual pricing for potash reducing?
James Prokopanko: I'm going to just turn that right over to Rick McLellan, Leader of our Commercial Group. Rick?
Richard McLellan: As we look at the potash market and we look at our capability is to deliver, we're shipping into North America at frankly the maximum capacity we possibly can. We saw really good growth in the first quarter, 58% year-over-year growth in the first quarter into North America for shipments, and so some of that has to taper off. In phosphates, it was direct opposite. We saw about 17% increase. So we had more phosphates to deliver to the market in the second quarter. So we think overall phosphates or potash will be relatively flat. And phosphates are going to grow frankly because we're going to have the CF tons that weren't included in our forecast previously. As far as field potash programs, the price increase that we've got in place is holding. And frankly, I think with the issues that North American dealers have seen with rail performance, they're not going to wait to depend on the rail lines to improve. They're going to get product into place in the summer. And frankly, it looks that if at worst we see the price staying stable, than frankly, there is opportunities for it to move higher.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: Maybe some questions on potash utilization and gross margins. I think in 2Q you're expecting gross margins to be basically flat quarter-on-quarter, despite utilization moving up to 85% from 70% in 1Q. Maybe help explain that? And on the same line, if you take the guidance for 1Q's utilization in the mid-80s and you on the came in at 70%, so can you just explain what happened on the production side, was that logistics and weather or anything else?
James Prokopanko: We're going to have Joc O'Rourke address what's happening with those shipment numbers that you're asking about.
James O'Rourke: So, Adam, let me start with the first quarter. We were in fact operating at rate of around 70% compared to a guidance of 80% that was almost completely logistics related. Our inability to move product out to the market, because of rail and the cold weather was just about the whole cause of that. And of course, what results from that is, a lower operating rate and of course a higher absorption of costs per ton. So that pretty much covers what happened to us in the first quarter. In the second quarter, we certainly expect that rate to come up, as we now here Chicago is clear from a rail perspective. So we expect that rate to go up to pretty much fall rates. And as Rick's saying, we'll fill the pipeline for those sales that will come through the summer and what not.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Joc, I would just to add on the margin in the second quarter. I think it's probably a product mix issue, as we'll ship more internationally, where netbacks are lower. And so while operations will be performing at a higher level, I think we'll have some wins in our sales, because of the product mix.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank.
Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank: Jim, when I look at what you've done strategically over the past few years in phosphate, which is I guess increased asset exposure offshore, move towards value-added phosphate products like MES and tightened up your Florida margins via the CF acquisition. And when I compare that to falling U.S. phosphate exports, are you preparing for a tougher U.S. export of phosphate market over the next decade, is it possible for the U.S. to get shutout by 2020? How do you see that developing?
James Prokopanko: Those are rapid fire questions, and I'm glad you're asking about the phosphate business that we're quite excited about, very astute. Yes, we are building our phosphate muscles on the belief that we have a strong position in phosphate production, low end of the cost curve, and great assets in terms of 35 to 40 years of proven probable reserves ahead of us and a great location. No one better placed to serve the North American market than Mosaic. And for that matter, the South American market. We've looked at the world. We do see new production coming on stream. China has been a real dynamo over the last decade, increasing production of phosphates, not of the quality of phosphates that distinguishes Mosaic, but they've grown and going into some of the lower cost markets. And we've see the Middle East grow their phosphate business, and we've chosen to be part of that with our modern investment. So as we look with at the phosphate growth, we see supply growing at about the same rate that we see demand growing at. We think our home court advantage is principally the western hemisphere and we are extremely well-equipped with the assets we own and operate today to serve both Latin America and North America. Our investment in the Ma'aden project is going to give us the capacity to better serve the Asian markets. And finally seeing that the commodity phosphate market has become somewhat some competitive, we have turned much more of our attention to our specialty products, MicroEssentials, that we have just announced an expansion that will take us to nearly 4 million tons of production capacity. That will be up and operating, I think is within 18 or 24 months, Joc O'Rourke can correct me that if I'm wrong, but MicroEssentials has been a homerun for us, both in North America and international market. So yes, it's more competitive, but Mosaic has become more of a competitive company, both with the specialty products and the geographic dispersion of our production capacity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Could you talk a little bit about the Southeast Asian market? It seems like prices just aren't finding footing there and they seem to be stuck in sort of a low-300 range whereas the other stock markets have been reverted nicely, following the Chinese settlement. What do you particularly think is going on there? And how do you see that playing out over the balance of the year?
James Prokopanko: The Southeast Asian market since six months ago was probably ground zero where we saw prices come down or weaken. And since that time of about six months ago, and I would say, probably Malaysia was the epicenter of where we saw some low pricing, I think we've seen some recovery -- not think, we have seen recovery as markets have tightened up. Rick McLellan just came back from trip to both India and China and he can give you some first-hand commentary on what we're seeing, as recently as two weeks ago.
Richard McLellan: If you look at the Southeast Asian market, we think that prices are being floated in that 340 to 350 range right now. And there is getting some legs underneath those. It still has to play out about how well they're accepted. The key piece to understand is this is a true standard market. There is no granular heads to there. And so if you look in the granular side on the markets, getting the improvement in Brazil and probably in our North American markets is going to come because of overall tightness of granular, coarse product. And there is an issue with finding homes for all the standard product. So that's what created a portion of the impact in Malaysia. And the other piece though that's quite positive is the changes for Southeast Asia, which is really a major palm market, just the increase in palm pricing year-over-year, it's going to lead to demand. And China and India continue to be the other main markets for standard potash. And those markets are starting to move much better than they did last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: How would you compare global utilization rates in potash and phosphate now and over the next two to three years?
Lawrence Stranghoener: The question was how do we compare phosphate utilization rates between now and the next five years?
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: On an industry-wide basis, which is tighter and how might that tightness change over the next two to three years?
Lawrence Stranghoener: The potash market, right now we're seeing over the next two to three years is a -- seeing the results of multiyear potash expansion program by most of the principal producer, so we see the next three years, absent any external force, something happening to a mine of somebody, possible plant mine closures, we see there being more supply than there is demand. It's growing modestly in the 2% and 2.5% range and it's going to take a while for that to tighten up. So it could be just purely supply and demand, some tough sledding. However, I think people are really getting a dose of some healthy medicine in terms of the kind of returns you get with efforts to try to build market share. There just isn't a return in doing it. So I think we have to just watch what sellers behaviors will be over the next six months and 12 months. In the case of phosphate, we see a tighter supply and demand balance. We haven't seen the expansions that we've seen in potash. We've had some Middle Eastern expansions. And they are working hard to bring those on line, but it's difficult, bringing a new phosphate plant on line and we just don't see material new tonnage coming out of the Middle East. And in China, we think the expansion run that they've had over the last decade, seven years on phosphate has pretty much come to an end and they pulled in their horns on that. I'm going to just ask if Mike Rahm has anything to add to that. Mike?
Michael Rahm: No, I think that's a good description, Jim. Just if you want to put some numbers to it, our 57.4 million tons of shipments this year compares to our capacity estimate in that 69 million ton to 70 million ton range. So we're looking at utilization rates for potash in the low-80% range. We think they're going to stay in that range over the next several years. And I think the key question there is if you compare those rates to the really tight period when we think the industry is running at 95, how do you optimize production at those rates. And I think most of the potash players are working hard to try to optimize operating rates when you need to run at 82% to 85% rather than 95%. And as Jim said, in phosphate, we see a fairly stable situation at moderately higher rates over the next two to three years, as the demand outlook there continues to look very good. Our shipment forecast for this year is up about 2.3 million tons. And every year we get 2 million tons of additional demand. That is going to stop up some of the additional capacity that comes on. And as Jim said, the key feature of long-term phosphate outlook is the fact that we think the massive expansion program in China has come to an end and as demand continues to grow that growth is going to be met by new capacity coming from places like Saudi Arabia and Morocco.
Lawrence Stranghoener: And I'll just add to that, Jeff. If you look at the history, and I think we've had seven consecutive years of continued phosphate growth in world demand and this is one that just keeps in the background, just keeps growing year-over-year. And that again just underpins our belief that the phosphate market is a very good market to have a position in. And I think going back to the previous question about the U.S. industry. We see the U.S. industry continuing to be a very large stable industry, playing a very steady role in the global market where growth and demand will be met by some of the new entrance or new capacity coming from the Mid-East and North Africa.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Couple of things. Jim, with respect to distribution in Brazil, I think it was around the time of the Cargill split. You said that you weren't sure that distribution was necessarily at the top of your core competency list, which is why you were moving carefully. So as you ramp up in Brazil, do you now have the expertise you need or do you still need to add people to take that business where you want to bring it? And then a second question, can you talk about how this new cost reduction program differs from the old operational excellence initiatives?
James Prokopanko: Couple of good questions. Distribution, I'm glad you bring that up. We're quite proud of what has been accomplished in the last 12 months. Two things, we had program that I think we identified is about a $300 million green brownfield expansion of our distribution into Brazil. And that's been somewhat moderated or has been moderated with the ADM expansion or the ADM acquisition. Why Brazil, why are we so determined to expand our distribution. Well, you've seen what the history of increased imports into Brazil are. Ag continues to grow in Brazil at probably one of the fastest growing rates in the world. We think that's going to continue for some while. Brazil is a very challenging country to get product from an offshore position into the farmer's hands. They've got challenging -- they have issues with logistics, they don't have a great rail system, they don't have a Mississippi flowing through the country, and having access into the direct farm markets or into the farming region is an important part of getting our product to the marketplace. Having port access, which is just terribly congested in Brazil, having our own facilities, having control of our own facilities is important and the expansions that we've put in place, both our internal expansions in the ADM acquisition will allow us to get product and be assured of getting our product to the market. That's number one. Number two. It is a hand in glove with our CF acquisition. We will be able to meet the increased demand that we're forecasting with CF tons. And to the third point, that we have the talent in management to execute on that. The expansion and addition of ADM is going to challenge us. We've got a leadership team that's been effective in the business that we have been operating at present. We know that we have some holes that we'll have to fill and augment and some new talent we have to bring in. We've got this deal with ADM closing in the end of this 2014 calendar year and that gives us good time to plan for integration and ensuring that we have the right leadership team. I have got a background as Rick McLellan does in distribution and retail operations and we understand that the task at hand and we'll execute on that. The other question is the operational excellence program, how is that different than our current cost reduction program that we have in place. We've been continually focusing on the cost side of our business. This one is a right-sizing effort that has a different approach than we've had in the past. We are looking at the next three and five-year forecast. We are right-sizing our business to what we think will be a stable operating rate both potash and phosphate. And its 10-year since Mosaic was formed, it has allowed us to just better understand the business that goes without saying, but also we've established some tremendous functional support systems in place. We've put a newer ERP customer relationship management program, new HR systems. We didn't have these six and seven years ago. We've got them in place. We got them debug. We've got them operating. So we're just much more effective at running our business and not spending as much time as putting new systems in and new processes in place. So I think we know where we can become more efficient. I think we've always been very effective, but now it's all about efficiency gains and harvesting all the investments we've made in better operating systems and better IT systems. And third, we have some far better talent running the business, virtually every mine and chemical plant has a new leader in place over the last five years and some real talent has risen to the top. So we will see these improvements hit the bottomline. And another difference is we've been very specific about and very detailed about where the savings are going to come from. The business unit leaders have each, potash, phosphate functional leadership and they're all committed to very specific savings and a time line to achieve that we might not have been so detailed and specific in the past. Good questions, Mark. We've got time for two more questions. Operator?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC: My question is on your U.S. potash strategy. And if I remember, if we go back to your last Analyst Day, you talked about increasing market share there and talked about the strength of distribution. Just wondering what your thoughts are currently and especially if you think about the ramp up of [indiscernible] here that's going to happen over the next 12 to 18 months? And then maybe your thoughts on the sustainability of premium potash pricing in the U.S. going forward?
James Prokopanko: Good to here from you, Jacob. It seems like it's been a while since we've chatted. The two questions you're asking about what we see or you asked about market share that we had a plan to increase share in North America. I'm not so sure that it was a plan to increase share as to increase our returns and our profitability in North America and that's what drives us. Market share, yes, it's an important, but it doesn't add to EPS by just having more market share if you can't do that with the greater gross margin. And I'm going to have Rick talk to that. We've had a good quarter. Our program of exclusive space and supply contracts and early placement of potash, the fourth quarter and early in the first quarter served us well this year. We've seen a nice increase in our uptick in sales of potash. I'm going to ask now to turn it over to Rick to talk about just that market shares and then let him address the premium pricing in North America over international pricing.
Richard McLellan: As we think about our programs into the North American market, our warehousing agreements are working just fine. And they've allowed us to position product as we saw in the first quarter ahead of demand, which is exactly the way we described it as we rolled it out. And that's worked for both phosphates and potash. So we're really quite comfortable with those agreements as they go forward and it helps us make sure that our customers are properly served. I think the surprise that everyone had in distribution is the fact of how serious this winters impact was on the rail systems and that's yet to play itself out, but we feel very good about those warehousing agreements. The second question is one that we look at. And on the premium for prices versus international, I think that as you think about it, North America was always the highest price market in the world, Europe has passed that now, and both have something in common. They are granular markets that have distribution businesses that don't buy in vessel quantities. They buy in railcar and train quantities, some times truck. And so the issue that we see there is there should a premium in North America from a logistic standpoint. And because there is imports coming to the center Gulf, the price reflected in North America when you back away the freight, net backs to those international producers at a price that's very much equal to delivered Brazil. And we've talked about that before and we just have to remind ourselves that the North American and European markets are true granular markets.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Christopher Parkinson from Credit Suisse.
Tom Ackerman - Credit Suisse: This is actually Tom filling in for Chris. So looking at the phosphate market based on what you see in the preliminary basis, would you have expected India to have been a little bit more active thus far? I understand they've picked up, but are you seeing any sort of acceleration?
Richard McLellan: Just coming back from India about two weeks ago, I got a flavor for what was happening there. Right now we're seeing them stepping in to buy tons. And so the things that are driving that are, first, the government have put out and published the subsidy rules and pricing for P&K and nitrogen. So that led to them stepping in. And secondly, is that India will get served by tons coming from China and from the Middle East first. And those contracts are going into place now. We expect India to import through the year between 5 million tons and 5.1 million tons of DAP. And we expect in this period from arrivals from July through November, which means shipments from June through October that they will purchase 4 million tons. They've yet to step in to buy that amount of tons and it's because they're becoming a spot market. The one real positive is that last year when we were in this period, we saw a weakening trend in the rupee and ahead of this year's election, you've got a rupee that's at 60 to the U.S. dollar, which is much stronger than it was last year, which frankly is going to be one of the drivers that leads to increased demand in India.
James Prokopanko: Rick, I'm just going to add one other item. And that's what we've seen developed recently is the Indians differentiating pricing based on quality. China has been growing, we've said a couple of times have grown their phosphate market and it's a real grab bag of quality. There is some very good quality and there is a lot of very poor quality, low nutrient content, lower than normal nutrient contents and a poor granularity in the product. The Indians now are differentiating and they're calling out various tonnages that they are looking for by quality. So Mosaic being a high quality phosphate supplier, I think is leaving us in a good position and giving us a competitive advantage. And with that that's going to conclude our call. I'd like to reiterate our key themes for this morning. First, despite the external challenges, Mosaic continues to deliver solid results. And I'd just like to call out, here we are at a cyclical trough we believe and we are posting very strong operating cash flows of $627 million this quarter. And I think that's up over last year and has been about close to eight quarters since we posted that kind of a number. Second, we've taken advantage of the downward part of the cycle to make great investments and financial progress in our strategy and in our balance sheet. From joint venture in Saudi Arabia, and acquisitions we've made in the Florida and in Brazil, to major share repurchases and our significant effort that's now being applied to reducing cost, Mosaic really is making some strong moves and delivering on what we have said that we would do in the past. And finally, our strategic and financial strength of Mosaic, positioned to accelerate as the cycle turns upward. We're achieving our vision to become the world's leading crop nutrition company. And I'll just make out a strong point that we have our assets in some of the most stable, politically stable, economically stable markets in the world, countries in the world, Canada and the U.S., rule of law assured, reliable operations that our customers are coming to appreciate in this day and age more and more. With that, I'm going to thank you all for joining us this morning. And please, have a great and safe day. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - Vice President James Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Lawrence Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President James O'Rourke - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President, Operations Mike Rahm - Vice President, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning Richard McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial
Analysts: Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan P.J Juvekar - Citibank Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Connelly - CLSA Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Bill Carroll - UBS Matthew Korn - Barclays Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Mark Gulley - BGC Financial Charles Neivert - Cowen Securities Ben Isaacson - Scotia Bank Yonah Weisz - HSBC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company concludes their prepared remarks, the lines will be opened to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will review Mosaic's accomplishments for the quarter and year and our views on current and future market conditions. Larry will provide an update on our capital management and share insights into our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management's beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, July 16, 2013, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I would like to turn it over to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Good morning. Welcome to our fiscal fourth quarter and full year earnings discussion. Mosaic delivered a great fourth quarter. Thanks in part to a very strong albeit late and compressed spring application season in North America, as well as record Canpotex shipments. Demand for our products remains strong in many parts of the world with the exception of India. This morning I will review the quarter and the fiscal year then Larry will provide guidance and an update on our capital spending. And then before we take your questions, I will discuss our outlook for the coming year. We would like you to take away three key messages today. First, Mosaic continues to execute and deliver solid performance, quarter after quarter. Second, we have completed a great year of progress in fiscal 2013. And finally, Mosaic remains in excellent position to achieve our vision of being the world's leading crop nutrition company. Let's start with the fiscal fourth quarter. We reported operating earnings of $621 million on net sales of $2.7 billion. Both down compared with a year ago due to lower prices for potash and phosphates. The potash business unit contributed $445 million of operating earnings and the phosphates business unit contributed $198 million. In total, we reported earnings per share of $1.14, compared with $1.19 a year ago, an outstanding outcome in light of external factors. We generated $855 million in operating cash flow during the quarter and we continue to maintain a strong cash position with $3.7 billion of cash on hand. Those numbers don’t tell the full story. It was a tough spring planting season for farmers here in North America. Warm weather came very late and just six months after drought battered the 2012 crop, the spring of 2013 brought [thrashing] rains to most of the Corn Belt. Some of the same fields that our ploughed under for lack of rain last year were puddled and too wet for planting this year. The Mississippi River, once so dry that navigation nearly came to a halt, was again difficult to navigate this time because of flooding. Despite the logistical challenges, Mosaic's excellent execution allowed us to have product where it was needed to be for a very compressed and late application season in North America. In fact, we sold 2.6 million tons of potash, a record quarter for Mosaic. And 2.9 million tons of phosphates with a big finish in the last two weeks of May. Shipments were also strong outside North America. We delivered record shipments to Brazil. We have reached an agreement on phosphate contracts with customers in India. And Canpotex had its best March through May period ever due to high volumes to China and Brazil as well as strong potash shipments to Southeast Asia. The strong demand led to high operating rates in our facilities. Our potash mines operated at 95% of capacity, while the phosphates operating rate was 85% of capacity. As we have always said, markets determine prices and potash and phosphate prices were lackluster for two market driven reasons. First, India continues to use significantly less potash than it has in recent history, offsetting demand growth elsewhere. As a result of the nation's unbalanced subsidy program, Indian agricultural soil is suffering and at some point the subsidies will need to change to avoid increasing pressure on the food supply. India will come back, we are just not certain when. Second, additional supply is expected to come on the market with China and Saudi Arabia providing some new phosphate tons, and potash expansions coming online in Canada and Russia. We expect this softness which is exacerbated by the weak Indian rupee to continue over the near term. We have often said that volumes increase first followed by prices, and we expect that trend to continue. We have experienced two years without volume growth until now, volume is growing again. That demand growth will absorb supply and at some point prices will follow. That said, North America upcountry prices held up well during the quarter, in part because of the logistical challenges posed by the weather. We were able to overcome those challenges with our final price deferred arrangements with some customers. These arrangements allow customers to fill their bins early and then price this inventory closer to when the product is sold. Mosaic and our customers jointly capture value at the point of retail sale, which has created significant goodwill and customer loyalty. It also enables us to maintain our production at an efficient and steady rate because it can move product to retailers before their customers are demanding it. Beyond our excellent fourth quarter performance, the longer term outlook remains positive. Farmers still have strong incentive to maximize yield. And to maximize yield, they need fertilizer. Grain and oil seed prices have declined in anticipation of a big crop, which would be a welcome development for global food security. But prices remain high enough to deliver good farm profits, especially given the affordability of crop nutrition and other inputs. And let’s not forget that farmers balance sheets and cash flows remain exceptionally strong as a result of many years of compelling economics. Farmers can make a good living even if corn prices drift down to $4.50 or even $4 per bushel, especially if they’re wringing more bushels out of each acre. Revenue per acre matters to farmers and there are a lot of ways to generate a profitable $900 of revenue per acre. So as farmers push for better yields, Mosaic can in turn generate strong returns even with lower grain and oil seed prices. One further note on grain and oil seed prices. We do not expect prices to suffer dramatically. Just as $7 corn did strong by destroying demand last year, we expect lower prices to unleash significant pent up demand for grain and oil seed this year, which should raise the floor under prices. So to summarize our fiscal fourth quarter. Mosaic once again delivered on its promises and expectations. We executed well, mitigating the impact of extraordinary circumstances which enabled us to produce results that were in line with our guidance. I am very proud of what our team accomplished. We manage the company for long term success and our consistent quarterly performance is evidence of this focus. Now, I will step back and talk about our full year. We made great progress throughout our fiscal year. Despite a tumultuous period marked by wild weather swings, shifting government policies and significant volatility in agricultural commodity prices, Mosaic took big steps forward while generating steady, solid results. I’d like to recount some highlights. Our first priority is the safety of our employees. I’m proud to report that we set another record for safety performance in 2013, which is a reflection of our operational excellence. We achieved a 6% improvement in our key safety measures and that comes on the heels of record performance in 2012. We made good progress on our Potash expansion projects, which remained on budget and on time. In Potash, we started to see the economic benefit of the tolling agreement reversion, which increased our allocation of Canpotex by 6 percentage points. The Saudi joint venture is proceeding well. The next step is the signing of a shareholders agreement. When production begins likely in late 2016, the project will be an important new source of low cost phosphate fertilizer for us. We extended our market leadership in innovative, yield enhancing crop nutrition products. Mosaic’s MicroEssentials phosphate product continued to gain market share in North America, Brazil and elsewhere. In fact, shipments were up 28% year over year. We plan to increase our production capacity to meet the strong demand for MicroEssentials. In Florida, our South Fort Meade mine returned to full productivity, helping us generate phosphate rocks at lower cost. We received the Army Corps of Engineers Area-wide Environmental Impact Study regarding our phosphate acreage in Central Florida. We believe the AEIS report is a positive stepping stone as we work towards new mine permits. Finally, we established and communicated explicit philosophies for capital management as part of our strategy to deliver strong shareholder value. That’s quite a year and we accomplished all these things while generating $1.9 billion in cash from operations, $2.2 billion in operating earnings and $10 billion in net sales. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Larry. After he provides further discussion of our capital plans and our guidance, I will conclude with a walk of the remainder of 2013 and beyond. Larry?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Thanks Jim and good morning. We’ve talked to you frequently in recent months about our capital philosophy, so rather than reiterate all that information, I’ll provide a couple of relevant updates. First, we have had discussions regarding the Class A shares held by the Margaret A. Cargill Trust and Cargill family members. As we announced in a news release on June 25, Cargill Incorporated has elected not to allow the amendment of agreements that would have permitted accelerated share repurchases, and the trusts have elected to forego their right to demand a secondary equity offering at this time. It is our intention to pursue share repurchases or repurchases combined with the secondary offering, after November 26 of this year when we are no longer governed by split off related restrictions. We continue to target mid-2014 to hit our stated balance sheet objectives, which include an adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.5 times and a liquidity buffer of $2.25 billion. Second, we are planning to access the debt markets when conditions are right. It is reasonable to expect the bond offering during the second half of 2013 to take advantage of historically attractive debt market conditions. Now I will turn to guidance. We are delighted this is the last time we will be reporting under the May 31 fiscal year-end. As I am sure you are aware, we will change our fiscal year-end to December 31, and are currently in a 7-month stub period. Beginning with this call, we will provide quarterly and annual guidance on a calendar basis so the quarterly guidance I will go through now is intended to cover July through September of this year. One final note on our fiscal year change. We intend to release our historical financial results recast on a calendar basis in September when we will provide results for calendar quarters going back to the first quarter of 2012. Our price and volume guidance reflects Jim's comments. This has been a year of volume recovery with prices impacted by a number of factors including the Indian rupee's weakness, contract negotiations with China, and generally cautious customer behavior. We expect strong volumes to continue and as Jim said, we expect prices to follow when these market issues are resolved. For the third quarter of calendar 2013, we expect potash sales volumes to be in the range of 1.8 to 2.1 million tons compared with actual volumes of 1.8 million tons in the same period of last year. We expect average realized potash prices to be in the range of $330 to $360 per ton. The gross margin rate for the potash segment is expected to be in the mid to high 30% range. Our upgrading rate in potash during the third calendar quarter is expected to be below 75%, which is lower than the last quarter due to planned seasonal maintenance turnarounds and a curtailment of production at our Colonsay mine. We may also curtail at other mines if required to match our production volumes to market demand for our products. Brine management expenses are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million for the quarter, and Canadian resource taxes and royalties will be in the range of $60 million to $80 million. In phosphates, sales volumes are expected to range from 2.9 million to 3.3 million tons for the third calendar quarter compared to 2.9 million tons in last year's period. We expect our realized prices for DAP to range from $430 to $465 per ton. Mosaic's phosphates operating rate is expected to be in the mid 80% range during the third calendar quarter. I would like to draw particular attention to our phosphates gross margin rate guidance. We expect the gross margin rate to be above flat with the quarter we reported today. We expect the decline in prices to be offset by lower raw material cost, though we do have some higher cost inventory to work through. The phosphate margin is one element of our guidance that seems to have been frequently misinterpreted, but I would note that we have been very consistent. Our reported gross margin rates have consistently fallen within our guidance range. Also for the third quarter, we estimate SG&A expenses will be approximately $95 million to $105 million. For the seven months stub period, we estimate an effective tax rate continuing in the mid-20% range and capital expenditures and investments in the range of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Please note that our investment in the Saudi joint venture is not included in the capital expenditure line on the cash flow statement. Now I will turn the call back to Jim for his concluding comments.
James Prokopanko: Thanks Larry. The outlook is promising for Mosaic. Internationally, we expect continuing strong shipments of both Potash and phosphate to Brazil, and we are optimistic about shipments to China. While a good monsoon season is likely to lead to a better than average crop in India, the nation will ultimately be healthier, more productive soils. When the government balances the subsidy program again, demand for our products in India should be quite strong. After all, the Indian population is growing by 18 million people per year, which obviously increases demand for agricultural inputs and foodstuffs. Strong farm economics and ever increasing demand for grain and oil seeds underpin our expectations of robust demand for our products in the years to come. The long run of good farm economics is leading farmers around the globe to invest in higher yields and plant more acres. These developments are all very good for Mosaic’s future. All soil needs nutrients. As our guidance makes clear, we do not expect a significant recovery in potash and phosphate prices in the near term. Over the medium and longer term, we ultimately believe that economics will rule. The new supply of both nutrients that is coming to market now is likely to dampen prices and lower prices will lead to less future supply expansion. We have already seen a number of announcements deferring or canceling projects. New supply will continue to come in stair step fashion, resulting in short term periods of imbalance which we are seeing today. We are confident that over the next year or two, demand growth will ultimately absorb the new supply. At Mosaic, we expect to capitalize on the strong, long term opportunity by executing our strategy and seeking new ways to roll. I’d like to provide a few highlights of our future. We are taking a number of actions to grow both our business and our earnings. Our new potash capacity is expected to lead to volume growth and stronger cash flows. Our Saudi joint venture will enable us to expand our production of low cost phosphate and supply to important growing agricultural markets. And we’ll continue to look for value adding business development opportunities, both joint ventures and acquisitions. In Brazil, where the future of agriculture is bright, we’re making a significant new investment to expand our presence. Over the next five years, we intend to spend approximately $300 million on a number of projects to build, expand or acquire facilities. We will provide more details about our Brazil strategy this fall at our October 7 Analyst Day in New York. We also intend to extend our innovation lead. We expect to continue to grow our market share for our higher margin premium products and we will continue to find better, cheaper, more sustainable ways to operate. Finally, we are constantly striving to deliver strong shareholder value. We are committed to improving the efficiency of our balance sheet and returning capital to investors. We’re maintaining our goal of achieving our balance sheet objectives by mid-2014. These initiatives, along with our consistently excellent execution foretell a promising future for Mosaic. That’s good for us. It’s good for investors and it’s good for the world. The globe’s population is rising and the growth is concentrated in the developing nations. You know the numbers by now. 75 million more people to feed each year, 2 billion more by 2050, nearly 1 billion more in Africa alone. And as those developing economies make progress, their citizens will demand more nutritious food which in turn requires even greater agricultural production. As an example, the Guardian recently reported that China’s meat consumption has increased fourfold in just 20 years. That’s 1 billion people multiplying their meat consumption by four in two decades, thanks mostly to China’s rising economic fortunes. We can expect that China will continue this trend and that other nations will make a similar leap as their prosperity improves. Is agriculture up to an enormous challenge? We believe it is, and we know it's going to require a lot of phosphate and potash. Croup nutrition is responsible for up to 60% of croup yields and the world clearly needs higher yields. Mosaic is in a great position to help the world's farmers meet the challenge and help the world grow the food it needs. Now we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse: You mentioned in your commentary that you were benefitting from lower sulfur and rock costs offsetting weaker phosphate product prices, but you didn’t mention ammonia. Can you just kindly run through the input costs and give some color on your expectations for the back calendar year and also what further benefits we are set to see from a cost perspective.
James Prokopanko: Good morning, Chris. Thanks for the question. You are right to observe that and make the connection over the important distinction between phosphate pricing and gross margins. We are in fact seeing a reduction in the cost components to phosphate production. And I am going to ask our Chief Operating Officer, Joc O'Rourke, to talk about some of the specifics in the dynamics he is seeing in those markets. Joc?
James O'Rourke: Yes, thanks Chris. Yes, we are certainly seeing lower prices in all of our raw materials. Ammonia has come down about 20%, sulfur is down significantly and moving down as we speak, and rock costs are also moving down. However, the one thing we need to point out is there is about a quarter lag between when we see the change in prices and when it meets cost to goods sold. So what we expect to see is, despite the lowering price we should see our margins stay relatively flat because of the prices of raw materials.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Could you give an update on the ammonia plant and whether you are going to go forward with that or not?
James Prokopanko: Sure Vincent, and good day. It's a project we continue to study and review as fast as we do our work. We continue to see both additions to the list of plants that maybe built as well as deletions. I am going o ask Larry Stranghoener, our CFO, to speak to where we are at on that project.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Hi, Vincent. Good morning. We are in the final stages of our analysis. We are going through a very detailed front-end engineering program to make sure that when we make a decision we will be fully informed. As Jim alluded to, we are closely watching trends in supply and demand for ammonia longer term, supply and demand for natural gas longer term. We are making sure we understand all the cost of this project before we make a final decision. So look for an announcement before the end of this calendar year for sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: I was hoping to get some color on the potash pricing guidance for the calendar third quarter. And you have got a pretty noticeable decline relative to what you just reported for the fiscal fourth quarter. I am trying to just bridge that a little bit by region and mix of shipments, if at all possible. Any color there would be helpful.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Adam. I will give you just an opening statement and then Rick McLellan will give you some of the specifics by market and by grade. As we have seen a weakening, a slackening in demand, first of all in potash. And this has all been caught up in what's happened in general crop nutrition market and P&K. We have seen a strong decline in urea pricing which has gotten the attention of dealers and farmers. We have seen the phosphate price cost components go down as well as the price of phosphates go down. Again, that has the attention of both farmers and dealers and potash is getting caught up in that. We have seen a slackening of demand and people just have become much more cautious about taking inventory price risk, putting product into position ahead of a season. And so they are just waiting to see when the bottom comes in. I believe we are very near the bottom, certainly on the potash market and I think this is great value at these prices certainly relative to the crop prices. I’m going to turn it over to Richard McLellan to give you some of the details by market.
Richard McLellan: Good morning Adam. Jim did a good job of framing up the situation, but I think there’s a couple of things as far as markets go that you need to take into account when you’re looking at our guidance. First, we published down our price in North America warehouses by about $20 to $25 a ton last week. That has to be taken into account for net bags into this our first calendar year quarter. The second is that we’ve seen pressure in markets around the world, whether it be Brazil where we’ve seen prices come off higher levels to getting down closer to $400 a ton for import levels and the same thing into [slot] markets, Malaysia and Indonesia we’ve seen price pressure. So this reflects what’s going on in the market. The other piece is that during -- its’ a bit of mix as well as we’ll see a little more standard and a little less granular in our forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: You talked about outlays for the Ma'aden II joint venture in the stub period of $900 million to $1.1 billion. Is that an outlay that will come -- or how will you finance that particular outlay?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Jeff, it’s Larry. Good morning. Just to clarify, what we said is that in the stub period we expect to have capital expenditures plus investments totaling $900 million to $1.1 billion and the great bulk of that would be typical ongoing capital expenditures in our core business. We have said that over the next few years we will invest up to $1 billion in the Ma'aden joint venture, with the rest of the project financed through project financing means, which is coming along quite well. So it’s an important clarification. I think in the stub period we’ll probably be spending roughly $200 million or so for Ma'aden.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J Juvekar with Citibank. Your line is open.
P.J Juvekar - Citibank: Farmers in India want to get all their nitrogen through subsidized urea rather than unsubsidized DAP. So do you think that will impact DAP demand this year? And just on the flipside, what do you see for exports out of China for DAP? Thank you.
James Prokopanko: Good morning, P.J. I will discuss the first question about India and then have Mike Rahm talk about the China question. You’re absolutely right. This has been a very market distorting subsidy program that the Indian government has in place. You’re seeing -- we’ve seen prices on both DAP and on potash nearly triple over the last 18, 24 months, while there has just been a couple of rupees increase in the price of urea. So the Indian farmers have looked at that and their thinking is, flawed as it may be, but their thinking is, we’ll just put on twice as much urea and reduce our potash and phosphate. This will catch up to them. This is not good for the crop production, the balance of nutrition that those plants need and it’s not good for the environment. We have little doubt that that will be adjusted in the coming months. The time frame on that will not likely be before the May, I think it’s May 2014 federal elections and national elections in India. The Indian government to make this right will have to increase or decrease I should say the subsidy paid for nitrogen fertilizers and that means the price of nitrogen fertilizer will go up for the Indian farmers and no official in India that’s looking to be reelected is going to dare raise the price on urea which is domestically produced and a staple for the Indian farmer. So this is where we see things to be again slack in India for the next 10 or 12 months until the election is done, then agronomics will prevail and they will correct for that. Mike, would you speak to the question on China.
Mike Rahm: Sure. We have taken down our export number to about 6 million tons of DAP, MAP, TSP. And of that DAP will probably be about 4.5 million tons.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: In the past I think you put out a forecast for global potash shipments in a range of 55 million to 57 million tons for this year. I was wondering if you could provide an update on your expectations there and specifically address the volume expectations in India as well timing of a potash contract with China. Thanks.
James Prokopanko: Good morning, Kevin. I am going to turn that right over to Mike Rahm.
Mike Rahm: Good morning, Kevin. We have not changed our guidance range. We still maintain that global potash shipments, MLP shipments. We will fall in that 55 million to 57 million ton range. We have shaved our point estimate from sort of the upper half of that range to the lower half of the range. In terms of some of the adjustments we have taken Chinese shipments, total shipments down to about 11 million tons. We have taken a little bit out of India. Offsetting some of that decline are better shipments into other parts of the world such as Brazil and North America. I guess I will turn it over to Jim or Rick in terms of comments about Chinese second half negotiations.
Richard McLellan: Yeah, Mike, I will take it. It's Rick here. The last shipment on our first half contract to China left last week. So our commitments are met. If we look at what's going on in China right now, we have seen port inventories come down. Inventories in the country being used up and given where we are at, we would expect near the end of the third quarter, some sort of closure on a Q2 or a second half contract into China.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: Jim, you have been consistent about being happy with the way potash inventories are managed in North America and moving product close to the customer has been good for you. We have another producer who tells us that they think that’s a relatively permanent shift in who is going to be carrying the working capital. But we have another producer who says that the first hint of pricing power is going to bring the dealers back to put that on their books. Where do you come out on that in the medium term?
James Prokopanko: Good morning, Mark. I think we are in a period for the near term, this situation we have now where product is position closer to the customer in the dealers facilities. And I don’t see an immediate near-term change in the next one of two years unless we do see something materially change in the market place. This all started back in those heydays of 2007-2008 where the entire industry and particularly the farmer facing end of the supply chain got a real lesson in risk management. They understood that they were taking on risks that with (inaudible) and having a checkbook that they might not be able to write against. So they backed off. The North American supply, the producers, are very talented at getting product along with our partners in the transportation industry to customers. So we have found this to be a, maybe not the way we would like to manage our working capital but to be effective in building customer loyalty, securing our distribution channels. It's tough to move product out once it's into a facility. And so we have adjusted. And this gives dealers some better tools to manage the significant risk they face and we are able to run our facilities at more of a flat line rate which helps us manage at a steady rate. It helps us manage our cost of production.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets: Just a couple of questions. One a follow up just on Rick's commentary, talking about prices in Brazil and Southeast Asia may move lower to $400 a ton. On the back on some of the summer fill pricing being a bit lower and state, could you talk about are you seeing prices for granular now in Brazil dropping $20 a ton? Are you talking about close to $400 a ton? And then my second question was, it seems like in May quarter phosphate blends and feed pricing was quite strong. Maybe talk about that.
Richard McLellan: Good morning Joel. I’ll give a few clarifying points. One, we had a price (inaudible). We reestablished our price for fill in North America. In Brazil we’ve seen prices slip from highs of $20 to $30 a ton and those highs were in the April, May period. So that’s where we’re seeing a bit of price pressure around the world. And right now it’s manageable and as Jim said earlier, we expect this reflects what the bottom is to the marketplace. And the second question was on blend and feed pricing. Feed pricing is on -- I’ll start there, is on contract pricing for a quarter. And so the prices there were fixed at the start of the quarter. So it didn’t reflect any kind of pricing pressure and it follows through. And blends are just a reflection of the products that we’re putting together and the costs that we’ve got them in, in our distribution businesses around the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: I was wondering if you guys could give a little bit more color on where you see your phosphate rock costs going forward. And how far are we in terms of the ramp up of Miski Mayo and the flow through in terms of P&L on that? Thanks.
James Prokopanko: Good morning, Michael. That’s a good question for Joc O'Rourke to answer.
James O'Rourke: Hello Michael, Joc O'Rourke here. Phosphate rock costs, we are seeing -- South Fort Meade is fully up and running. So our home costs are now pretty much where they’re supposed to be which is in the $35 range cash cost. In terms of purchase rock, the purchase rock has come down probably about 10%, but we believe that the sellers of -- main rock sellers around the world are going to be quite responsible and we don’t see that coming down significantly from where it is today. And finally, your question on Miski Mayo, Miski Mayo is going through its ramp up efficiently. It’s right on track, but we don’t see the cost in terms of cost of goods sold. Those are third party earnings flow through as other earnings as opposed to as a cost item. So they reflect market cost in that. I’m going to hand it over to Larry just to give a little more color.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Yeah. Michael, just a little more color. From a financial standpoint, the Miski Mayo venture is proving to be a success. We are starting to see a very substantial dividend income flowing from that joint venture which certainly should be seen in a holistic way as an offset to the price we pay for the rock from that line.
James Prokopanko: Michael, let me just add, this is -- my colleagues are being too modest here. This is just a great success story. What the operations mining team has been able to do getting South Fort Meade ramped right up and getting our costs down to $35 a ton, this is a wonderful story of execution. We are back to costs if I dare say and we are back at four or five years ago. This is really to the story of we’re taking care of our costs, we’re dealing with -- we’re executing as we promised we are and this is a real success story.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carroll with UBS. Your line is open.
Bill Carroll - UBS: Can you share your thoughts on the longer-term impact of the major potash importers, namely Brazil, China, India, potentially pursuing uneconomic projects to secure supplies? And how might that change your plans to bring back the deferred tons from your expansion projects?
James Prokopanko: Good day, Bill. You hit it with the word uneconomic projects. We believe they are -- they were uneconomic at $450 and $500 and they certainly are uneconomic at $400. Now they may have some other reasons to pursue the uneconomic investment of their precious dollars. But I think the reality is setting in on them. We are seeing others defer projects. Brownfield projects are being deferred, ours included, let alone these Greenfield projects. I think they really have to step back and look at the economics. We are seeing some of the major miners who overreached on some of the other basic materials. And that applies with potash as well. And the same people continue to talk about it. I think they are going to still scratch around some of the fields that they have got access to. But I don’t see any real material Greenfield projects being needed or economic until the next decade. As far as our projects that we have deferred, well, they are going to remain in deferral phase until we see some of the costs for expansion come down, the cost of the capital investment. But the other piece of it is not only is there a diminished return in the potash market but the costs of these investments. These are mega projects. They are very high. And we have come to the realization and practical realization that it's time to take a deferral on these and see costs come down before and the potash prices go up before we bring those back on to our expansion program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Matthew Korn - Barclays: Looking on your thoughts about the kind of demand level that the industry is really going to need to press prices back up meaningfully. And for 56 million tons or so now, and operational capacity for the whole industry is moving to I think arguably in the mid-70s by 2015. I mean by your numbers it's going to take about 4 or so years if we are going to 3%, to get around 85% use of capacity. Is that a realistic timeframe or do you see something that could shift nearer term?
James Prokopanko: Hello, Matthew. I am going to have Mike Rahm lead off with answering that question.
Mike Rahm: Good morning, Matthew. Yeah, we have looked at our long-term potash S&D. We have made some modifications to that based on some of the announced deferrals and cancellations. Right now we peg global MLP capacity in that 64 million to 65 million ton range. And based on our projected usage in the 55 million to 57 million ton range, you are looking at operating rates in the mid-80% range, 86% or so. Looking out to 2020, we are now putting expected capacity in the 81 million to 82 million ton range. We have knocked that down about 3 million tons. We had been around 84 million tons of the effective capacity. And our project demand in 2020 is around 70 million to 72 million tons. So that translates again into 85% to 87% operating rate more or less. And given some of the changes, when we look at projected operating rates, we see them fairly steady between now and the end of the decade in that 86% to 87% range.
James Prokopanko: Matthew, I would just add that you are starting to see the industry reaction to the slack demand that we are having along with curtailments of brownfields, greater questions around the greenfields. Just the ongoing operating facilities that operated around the world, people are pulling back. These are getting to questionable economics on some of these projects, some of those higher up on the cost curve, and just as well leave it in the ground. So we are now seeing the resolve by producers to match the demand and to achieve economic return for their shareholders. This market will balance out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial: Two questions. One on the domestic potash market. Even when you adjust for grade, you are still getting a premium in the domestic market. But when your large customers will be expanding their mine and pushing out volumes they buy from you and others, I am just wondering what that will do that domestic premium as we get into that mine starting up in 2015. And then just a follow up for Larry on the Faustina project. I know there has been a number of cancellations of deferrals announced by nitrogen producers because of the, roughly 35%-40% escalation in capital costs. So you had talked originally of a $700 million project. Just wonder, if you did proceed with that, what the cost would be now.
James Prokopanko: Hello Don. Good to hear from you. You said one of our customers coming up in 2015? Does that mean you were referring to the Agrium Vanscoy project? Okay. I assume that’s what you’re referring to. Yes, North America has some new projects coming online. We have all three major North American producers have expansions under way. And some have started and completed proving runs, and some are about to come. We’ve completed our K2 Esterhazy run. That product is about to -- that mine is in a position to do a proving run. We’ll announce that once it’s completed and once we consider the timing of pulling that off. It’s a market that’s going to balance. I think we’re going to see growth in the international demand that’s going to pull product offshore and I think you’ll see producers in North America balance their production to what the demand is, where we talked about in this call the curtailment of -- indefinite curtailment at our Colonsay facility. We've just completed some and had some extended turnarounds in our other facilities and it will balance. I'm not overwrought about there being too much product hitting the North American market. And the product that’s in North America, it will first displace the imported product that has been coming to the country, coming into North America for the last two years. Maybe Mike can talk a bit about what we've seen by way of imports into North America. Sorry to put you on the spot there, Mike.
Michael Rahm: Imports have captured anywhere from about 7% to 10% of the North American market. And so there is room there to claw back some of the tonnage from imports.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Don, it’s Larry. With respect to your follow-up question about the Faustina ammonia plant. Yes, as I said earlier, one of the things we're looking at intently is the long-term supply of and demand for ammonia. We're certainly watching all of the various projects that have been announced, wondering how many of those will actually go ahead. Ultimately it's our interest to have more merchant ammonia available. So that will certainly be a factor that enters into our final decision. With respect to cost of the project, you’re right, costs are creeping up on these projects, any projects of this sort. I think we benefit from being one of the ones that are much farther along in our project planning than others. We have cited cost estimate in the $1 billion plus range for a new plant, to which would include all of the logistical infrastructure that would come with that. And I suspect when all is said and done, we'll end up at a cost somewhere around that $1 billion plus mark if and when we -- if we decide to go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley with BGC Financial. Your line is open.
Mark Gulley - BGC Financial: I’ve got a follow-up question on operating rates. Mike, you talked about the fact that you think operating rates in the mid-80s for potash right now and yet we're seeing lower prices. So, one, what operating rate do you need in order to get pricing flexibility? And two, given 2% to 3% growth in the industry, could that be several years off if you need low-90s for the industry to get pricing flexibility?
Michael Rahm: Good morning, Mark. Yeah, we estimate as I said before that the global industry is running in the mid-80% range. That's 80% of effective capacity. So compared to the 2007, 2005 era where you were in the upper 90s, it is a significant change. That said, I think as Jim pointed out, we see the market basically in a pretty decent balance. and we think that when some of these of unusual events are behind us that this market is going to come into a pretty stable and decent equilibrium where a global operating rate of 85%, 87%, should be one that supports prices and margins at closer to historical levels.
James Prokopanko: Mark, just to put it in context the way I think I about it is, we have seen 2012, globally 2013, the pie hasn’t been growing. It's pent up demand that’s out there. It should be growing to produce the food the world needs. But the pie hasn’t been growing. At the same time our appetites for a slice of the pie has increased with expansion. And it's -- I think just a transient situation. We are going to pass through this that the pie is going to start growing again. The extra capacity we have brought on is going to be eaten up and we will be back in the situation of good market demand. Grain prices still are good. Farm economics still are good. The demand is there for it. It will come.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Neivert with Cowen. Your line is open.
Charles Neivert - Cowen Securities: A couple of real quick questions. One, as Miski Mayo continues to ramp up, is the other rock that you buy going to ultimately get replaced with Miski Mayo rock or do you need that rock to get the right mix for the DAP? And the other thing is, in terms of Canpotex share which obviously jumped when you got the tolling arrangement back. What kind of time frame do you see it sort of reverting back toward either its old level or where do you see it going back to? You guys are expanding but your competitors are also expanding and that obviously has a lot to do with the share. Are we going to go up from here near term or down from here near term over the next couple of years, let's say?
James Prokopanko: Hello, Charles. Good couple of questions. I am going to ask Joc to answer the first one about Miski Mayo and I will come back to the Canpotex question.
James O'Rourke: So Charles, in terms of Miski Mayo, yes, we will purchase less rock on the open market because of the Miski Mayo expansion. However, we will continue for a couple of reasons to purchase some rock. One is for blending, to make our product more consistent. And the second is just to keep a finger in that marketplace and keep our relationship with our existing suppliers. So we will continue to buy but probably at a much lower rate.
James Prokopanko: Charles, to your question about Canpotex, we have received notice for the second half of the year that our share will come down from 43% down to 40% of the Canpotex share. Last year it went up. At the beginning of the year it went up with the reversion of about 1.2 million tons from one of our competitors, based on the tolling agreement that came back to Mosaic. We went up about 3%, now we have dropped 3%. Each producer in Canada has got various expansions underway. I mentioned we have got our Esterhazy K2 expansion complete now and ready for a proving run. So we will see gives, puts and takes on this Canpotex allocation. We do not run our capital expansion program based on increasing share of Canpotex. We run the program and we make our investments based on market demand for our potash products. So it's going to come and go. I expect this year there is going to be another change or two that you will see and just stay tuned. But I don’t know that it's going to be particularly material for the balance of the year, how those 1% or 2% change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson with Scotia Bank. Your line is open.
Ben Isaacson - Scotia Bank: Quick question on MicroEssentials. Volume was up 28%. Can you give us a full update on how that market is doing, including both your supply growth and how demand is tracking? Number one. Number two, how meaningful is MicroEssentials to your bottom line? And then I guess most importantly, how should we think about pricing and margins of MicroEssentials in the context of the choppiness that we have seen with respect to DAP prices and feedstock costs of DAP?
James Prokopanko: Hello, Ben. I am going to turn that right over to Rick McLellan who is our commercial leader and champion of this great product.
Richard McLellan: Good morning, Ben. On MicroEssentials, I think Jim said it in his comments. We have seen volume up 28% year-over-year and we are growing quickly to the capacity that we have today for production. So we are looking at expanding our production. The market demand continues to grow. If we had more product today, we'd be able to ship it. And so we feel real good about that. Probably the more important thing to look at is that as we've been able to prove yield advantage to farmers, both our dealers and ourselves have been able to increase our margin capture. So in the last year, we've increased our margin capture as the producer about $15 to $18 a ton. That's significant in any market. As we’ve moved into softer markets that spread has stayed. So the market pressure on a premium product seems to be less than it is on commodity products. We feel good about our position and our both production, sales and supply chain teams are just executing like we've never seen in getting this product into the right place at the right time.
Michael Rahm: Ben, let me just add. We have as one of our five strategic priorities innovation called out specifically. We're trying to – where we're working to build and effectively building on our industry-leading products. This is one of the first material new product innovations in phosphates in a long, long while and we are really in our view hitting the ball out of the park. Stay tuned for more of this in other products, but we are finding we’ve got the muscles to do this task really, really well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yonah Weisz with HSBC. Your line is open.
Yonah Weisz - HSBC: A question and two clarifications if possible. With regard to phosphate markets, you talked about the last weeks of the quarter being very, very strong finish. Would you be able to talk about the dynamics of that strong finish, whether it would be in the U.S. or in South America? And two clarifications if possible. You mentioned earlier on that your contract with China for potash has finished. Have they taken the optional quantities or is that just the fixed original quantity contract? And second, there’s been a lot of discussion on this call about long-term operating rates and long-term volumes for the potash industry. Are your calculations or your estimates including Jansen or not? Thank you.
James Prokopanko: Good day, Yonah. I'm going to have Rick speak to the market finish and the China and Michael will talk about the supply forecast regarding Jansen. The market’s been -- I will just open by saying it was an extraordinary two weeks and a reminder why May 31 is not a great year for yearend of a fertilizer company. It was -- we were in the edge of our seats. We were certain it was going to be a good strong finish, but it fold in under the wire. Our sales organization, the supply chain logistics, they really did some -- worked some miracles here to supply the extraordinary North American demand that we have. Now, Rick will speak to what this might portend for the months ahead. Rick?
Richard McLellan: I think, Jim did a good job of framing what happened. I think the one thing we go back and just mention is because we moved product into place and had the opportunity to meet this in-season demand, t really helped us execute against the last two weeks. The time, place value of having inventory where it's needed can't be understated. As far as Canpotex and the Chinese, we had no optional tonnage in our first half contract. Mike?
Michael Rahm: With respect to the long-term capacity figures that I referred to earlier, we do now have Jansen in before 2020. We do have a couple of Greenfield projects. We have the K+S and the Uralkali projects coming in before the end of the century, but no other Greenfield.
James Prokopanko: Well ladies and gentlemen, we'll make that our last question. To conclude our call, I'd like to remind you of our key messages for today. First, Mosaic continues to execute and deliver consistently solid performance. Second, we made great progress during our fiscal 2013 year. And third, while current market conditions are challenging, our long-term outlook for Mosaic remains highly compelling. We are in excellent position to achieve our vision of being the world's leading crop nutrition company. Thank you for joining this morning. We look forward to seeing you during our travels and our analyst day on October 7 in New York. Thank you very much and have a safe day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-03-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon - Vice President, Investor Relations James Prokopanko - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Lawrence Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President James O'Rourke - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President - Operations Richard McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial Mike Rahm - Vice President -- Market Analysis and Strategic Planning
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Bill Carroll - UBS Kurt Schoen - CLSA Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs PJ Juvekar - Citigroup Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial Ben Isaacson - Scotia Bank David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank James Prokopanko Mark Gulley - BGC Financial Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Matthew Korn - Barclays Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's third quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the company concludes the prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on current and future market conditions. Larry will discuss capital management, as well as provide insight into our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on managements’ beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, March 28, 2013, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I would like to turn it over to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Good morning. Thank you for joining our third quarter earnings discussion. The quarter played out essentially how we expected it would. The potash we opened with products flowing once again to India and China and those flows facilitated increased demand in North America late in the quarter. At the same time, the phosphate market remained in balance. As you are well aware, our fiscal third quarter, which typically was slowest of the year. So this morning, we will focus more on our outlook than on the quarter. Before we get to that, I will review the numbers quickly. For the quarter, we reported operating earnings of $419 million on net sales $2.2 billion, both up slightly over a year ago. The potash business unit contributed $216 million in operating earnings and the phosphate business unit contributed $197 million. In total, we reported earnings per share of $0.81, or $0.88 per share excluding the notable items, compared with $0.64 a share a year ago. We generated $371 million in operating cash flow during the quarter and we continue to maintain a strong cash position with $3.3 billion of cash on hand. Now, I'll spend some time on our overview. First, agricultural fundamentals remained strong around the globe. This bodes well for the world's growing population and also for Mosaic. Even with the expected bumper crop in Brazil and other parts of South America, food supply is fragile. As a result, farmers preparing for spring in North America, have many incentives to plan every available acre and to ring out maximum yields from every field. Commodity prices have declined modestly as futures markets recognize the potential for a big 2013 crop. The prices remain high relative to historical norms. In part, that's because many analysts do not expect yields to return to the trend level this year and because there were significant pent up demand world-wide for grains and oil seeds. We share that point of view. In fact, while there are a number of potential outcomes for the 2013-2014 crop, the likely place from our advantage point builds back only one-half of the inventory drawdown this year leaving commodity prices at elevated levels. And, I would remind you that agricultural commodity forecasters were signaling similar expectations at this time last year and farmers responded by planting 96 million acres of corn in North America. As we all know, the big anticipated crop withered and prices left to new heights. Farmers nevertheless delivered the second largest global crop in history last year and the world still consume more grains and oil seeds than it produced. So, my message is this, the world needs everything that agricultural land can produce while volatility will always exist in our markets, this simple fact more people need more food will not change. So, our outlook for the long-term remains strongly positive, even as we face challenges. Of course, the challenges are ever changing. Three months ago, we had no potash contract with India. We just completed a protracted contract negotiation with China and lower Mississippi River levels with threatening the supply chain. All those issues have now been resolved. To help you understand the challenges we face today, I will describe in more detail the dynamics affecting the potash and phosphate markets. In potash, the market is on track to reach our forecast for global shipments in 2013. In fact, we believe shipments will reach the upper end of our expected 55 million to $57 million ton range. The contracts with India and China, provided a better-than-expected base load for demand. Established a floor for prices and should reduce inventories to low levels. The expectation of a strong spring planting season further improved short-term sentiment. Our operating rates reflect the improved conditions. Mosaic's potash mines operated 78% of capacity during the quarter, and we expect operating rates to increase in the fourth quarter as we continue to meet the better-than-expected demand from China and India. We expect potash prices to remain in the current range until we see how fundamentals play out later this year. Our 3 million tons of ongoing potash expansions are proceeding as planned. Overall, they remain on budget and on time. That said, we are continuing to evaluate the remaining 2 million tons of expansions and expect to make a decision to proceed or delay sometime this calendar year. The phosphates' market remains balanced. We are seeing outstanding demand in the western hemisphere, and as supply has tightened, we have seen Tampa export prices improve by $50 per ton from their lows. The story is more difficult in Eastern Hemisphere, where Indian subsidy policy continues to hurt soya health and fertilizer sales. We don’t expect the Indian buyers to come back to the market until the end of our fiscal 2013. Longer term, out outlook for the phosphate business is positive as the joint venture we announced last week illustrates. We are thrilled that Ma’aden invited us to participate as an equity partner for their second phosphate project, validating our technical knowledge, industry expertise and positive global reputation. It is important to highlight that this new project has long been incorporated into industry supply expectations. This investment has many benefits for Mosaic. It supports our growth strategy and partially meets the growing demand from our international distribution operations. It is expected to generate attractive returns. It gives us access to very low cost phosphate production. It provides more cost-effective access to India and other Asian markets. It gives us opportunities to participate in future Ma'aden expansions and it further diversifies our sources of products. It's important to note that this project is part of our phosphate growth strategy and does not change our plans for our Florida and Louisiana phosphate business. The rock and fertilizer we produce in the U.S. remain critical to Mosaic and to the world's farmers. Once the Ma'aden operations are in production, which we anticipate to begin in late 2016. We also would be able to allocate more of the domestic production to North America and South America. In turn, we should be able to generate higher netbacks from these operations. Our domestic facilities will also continue to be the source of our innovative higher margin MicroEssentials product. Before I call upon Larry, I would like to highlight some recent external recognition we have received. For the second straight year, we were named to the Ethisphere Institute's list of the world's most ethical companies and we are the only large agricultural company on the list. We are proud of this achievement because it demonstrates that we are living up to our values of excellence, integrity, sustainability and connectivity. Now I will ask Larry to talk through our thoughts on capital allocation and provide updated guidance. After that, I will conclude with some further thoughts on the outlook. Larry?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Thank you, Jim and good morning. We have been traveling to meet with investors frequently over the past few months and we put one refrain rise above all others. You want to understand our capital allocation policies and just what we intend to do with our balance sheet. So rather than go through our quarterly numbers in detail, I will provide as much insight as I can on capital. We have been working to refine our financial policies to align them with the updated strategic priorities we revealed last fall and to ensure that we effectively operate as a fully independent company following the final completion of the Cargill transaction. The policy work is nearly complete and we are planning to provide more detail before the end of the fiscal year. In the meantime, I can give you some previews. While we will always seek to retain our investment grade ratings and a reasonable liquidity cushion, you should expect a substantially more efficient balance sheet in the future. By more efficient, I mean we would carry less cash and more debt. To get to that more efficient balance sheet, we would like to return excess capital to shareholders through share repurchases which become possible when tax restrictions expire in late May. To remind you, there are 129 million Class A restricted shares in three tranches, each with 43 million shares. These tranches are expected to be sold or convert to common in each of the next three years beginning this summer. It is possible but by no means a given that we could negotiate an accelerated release of all of those shares. Our initial focus will be on the first 43 million shares per the existing agreement. We look forward to initiating discussions regarding those shares this summer.. We have the financial flexibility both available cash and unused debt capacity and importantly, the desire to consider a repurchase of some or all of those shares, as well as other options The repurchase of shares in the open market becomes an option once put off related restrictions fall away in November. It is important for you to understand that we cannot engage in any discussions regarding the restricted shares for another two months, and we may not have a resolution or agreement until later in the summer. Turning to financial flexibility, note that our quarter end cash balance stood at $3.3 billion and we expect strong cash flow generation in our fourth fiscal quarter to further increase our cash available for repurchases. However, there are some existing calls on our cash or debt capacity, and I would like to remind you of a couple of our previous comments and ongoing 10-Q and 10-K disclosures. First, we believe a reasonable liquidity buffer will include approximately $750 million in cash as well as available committed lines of credit. Second, we have also disclosed that a portion of our cash would be taxed if repatriated. Today that cash totals approximately $600 million exposed to a 35% U.S. tax rate with both, the cash and income statement impact. This cash is available without penalty to fund non-U.S. investments such as the Ma'aden joint venture and provide a portion of our liquidity buffer. Finally, in connection with the [enforcement] matter that has been ongoing for several years, we may choose to establish a trust to pre-fund existing phosphate asset retirement obligations, which would result in a restricted cash balance of approximately $600 million. This would be simply funding in an existing liability and would have no P&L impact. Note that we may elect to fund the trust by issuing debt given attractive borrowing rates. This matter has not yet been finalized and likely will not reach a conclusion until the end of this calendar year. All told of course, we have substantial cash and borrowing capacity and we look forward to deploying it. After achieving our targeted balance sheet, our cash flow priorities will not change. Our first priority will continue to be investments for organic growth like our current committed potash expansions, which are expected to produce strong long-term returns for shareholders. Second, as our joint venture with Ma'aden demonstrates, we seek strategic investment opportunities. As always, we will only enter into an acquisitions or joint venture if we believe the transaction meets our return hurdles and fits with our strategy and culture. To summarize, Mosaic is in excellent financial condition and we clearly understand the significant opportunity and importance of returning capital to shareholders. Your patience is much appreciated as we work through our complicated but ultimately constructive process. I want to repeat, do not look for a transaction announcement from us in late May as that is only the kickoff date for discussions with the other parties to any transaction. Now, I will turn to guidance. We expect fourth quarter potash sales volumes to be in the range of 2.3 million to 2.6 million tons, compared with actual volumes of 2.0 million tons in the fourth quarter of last year. If we reach the top end of this range, our potash shipments would set a new quarterly record. We expect average realized potash prices to be in the range of $350 to $380 per ton, which reflects a substantially higher mix of lower priced standard product. The gross margin rate for the potash segment is expected to be in the range of 40% to 45%. Clearly, this would be a step down from prior years as higher operating rates are expected to be offset by lower prices. While we continue to aggressively focus on expense management and maintaining our cost curve positions, year-over-year margins are also being impacted by higher depreciation as we bring our new capital investments online and higher labor costs as we have staffed up for a new capacity. Our operating rate in potash during the fourth quarter is expected to be above 85%. Brine management expenses are expected to be in the range of $245 million to $260 million for the year. And phosphates, sales volumes are expected to range from 2.6 million to 2.9 million tons for the final fiscal quarter of the year, about in line with last year's volumes. We expect our realized prices for that to range from $475 to $505 per ton, roughly in line with the prior quarter. We also expect the gross margin rate to be about flat with the third quarter. Mosaic's phosphates operating rate is expected to exceed 85% of capacity during the fourth quarter. Now I will turn the call back to Jim for his concluding comments.
James Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. Here in North America, the searing drought of 2012 lingers in some regions. But these early days of spring are bringing renewed optimism and farmers are planning for an abundant crop. If you are concerned that I am on the verge of tearing up over bird stripping and seedlings reaching for the Sun, worry not. Solid economics lie at the heard of the expectations for a big crop. Grain and oilseed prices remain elevated for many reason. Weather conditions and government policies, for example but none as important as old-fashioned supply and demand. In 2012, the world once again produced less grain and oilseed than are consumed despite the second largest global crop on record. You know the numbers. 9 billion people by 2050, a net addition the 75 million people per year and very little expected increase in land-use for agriculture. Demand is on a steady line pointing upwards and food production has got to keep up. The world's farmers simply cannot beat the population without good crop nutrition. As we have seen recently, short-term volatility in prices and in supply and demand will always exist in our complex global markets. But the short-term does not change our story, our promise or our mission. We are well on our way to being the world's leading crop nutrition company and that is an enviable and encouraging position for all our constituents. It is also a stern responsibility. Helping the world grow the food it needs is no small task but Mosaic of the global reach and the expertise to make an important contribution to deliver benefits to global food security while delivering rewards for our shareholders. Now we would be happy to take your questions. Operator?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thanks and good morning, everyone. If you could just talk about, if you evaluate the potash expansion is not board approved yet, what do you need to see going forward? What are you going to analyze or what are the big decision points which are going to make you decide either to go forward or not go forward?
James Prokopanko: Good morning, Vincent. Jim Prokopanko here. Good to have you on this call. You are right. We are taking that under final consideration now. We are looking and I will ask Joc to add a few comments but principally a matter of what the cost you are looking like, concluding our final cost outlook, as you would be aware, Saskatchewan is a hot economy with all the energy and other basic serial industries moving. So we are seeing some cost pressures come into these projects. So on the matter of the final cost, to build out the projects we still have on the drawing boards and take a look at where some these other projects in the industry are going. You have seen some changes in the plant outlook. Vale has backed away from its Rio Colorado project for reasons of cost that have gloomed on them and take a final look and balance by the end of the summer. Joc, do you want to add anything?
James O'Rourke: I think the only thing I could add is we are in the process of finalizing the cost, looking at the construction environment in Saskatchewan but the key thing for us, and as we have always said, that these projects have on rounds and off rounds. I do think it’s a matter of if we are going to do the projects. It’s a matter of what's the right timing for Mosaic so if we make a decision, it will be on timing. So we will be talking about delaying not finally cancelling a project.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of questions about PhosChem and India. What I want to know is, it seems like you are giving guidance that you don’t expect the Indian import market to really return until the end of your fiscal year. So around May. We have seen some spot deals happening in India. So is your sense that the Indian market is changing its gear to more spot for DAP and it's part of that also longer-term. What's the feature of PhosChem with you now investing in Ma'aden project and maybe changing how you market around the world. Thanks.
James Prokopanko: Morning. India, I am going to ask Rick to address, but I'll just leave off with we are seeing a recovery in the Indian economy. There's definitely some impacts, negative impacts from the changes in their subsidy program, but we've seen a good return to potash demand. The phosphate is a little iffy. And I am going to ask Rick to speak to that.
Richard McLellan: Yes. Good morning, Joel. So your two questions, the first on PhosChem in India, I think that we will see longer-term contracts entered into in India, so we are not seeing a change to a spot market. Our guys were there last week, visited with them. There is belief in three things the inventory they have will carry them through until probably near June. Second that to get product moving into place, so that they can take the 5.5 million roughly tons of DAP. They need for imports will lead the start May and everyone is sitting there waiting for the government to come forward with what the subsidy programs are going to be. The expectation was is that those were to be last week. Expectation now is, is that we'll see them next week as the government itself set after some up people. And so we expect India will come in. It will be of orderly buy and there is no question they want the tons that we have allocated towards them. The second part on PhosChem is a question that we have been asked, but I think the key thing is, as we see no changes coming and that the to think about it, product that will come from Ma'aden is four years out. That's a long time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carroll with UBS.
Bill Carroll - UBS: Once the Ma'aden JV get scaling, how much you geographic phosphate mix change? That is do you expect the Ma'aden output to go mainly to India and Asia, while the Florida and miss key [mile] our product will be market predominantly in north and south America and then how much might be the overall phosphate cost structure changed because of the new project?
James Prokopanko: Rough connection on your question. I think, what I heard on the first part of the question was, what is going to happen with the Ma'aden tons come on. As Rick mentioned, there's going to be four years off. Those tons are going to be cost advantage given this location into Asia. What that would do is leave more Mosaic products available in North America and the western hemisphere and then to Latin America. Now, it's not all going to be run purely that way. The tons don't all move in one lump sum to one geography, they move all year long, so it's generally going to be Ma'aden directed to Asia, cost advantage for freight reasons. Our tons, there's nobody yet to play in phosphate cheaper onto Latin America or North America in the Mosaic camp. The next question is about the cost structure. I am going to ask Larry to talk about that.
Lawrence Stranghoener: One of the great appeals of the Ma'aden investment is that, we believe we will be investing in what will end up being the lowest cost phosphate production operation in the world. And in this business, as you know, being at the low end of the cost curve ultimately wins and so that was a key part of the strategy for us. We're delighted with the partnership we've struck with Ma'aden and with SABIC, and we believe this project will generate very good returns for our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA. Your line is open.
Kurt Schoen - CLSA: Thanks. This is Kurt Schoen filling in for Mark. Do you expect the logistical issues in the ports in South America to any way affect your fertilizer shipments?
James Prokopanko: Hello, Kurt. With Rick McLellan, having just back from Brazil last week. He is the best answer to that.
Richard McLellan: Yes, good morning. Really good question. I don’t think until you get to Brazil, you fully understand the logistical issues that are being faced there. To your question about will it, first I will describe what I saw and what I heard. I had a chance to visit to get to our Paranaguá facility and the truck lineups there which are normally long in harvests, like we are in right now are much worse than they were other years. Then I happened to visit with a farmer who was probably 400 kilometers from the port. His trucks had been in line for, I think, it had been seven days and he did not expect them to move for another two days. There was some real gridlock going into the ports and its causing some extremely increased costs for both the farmer and people operating there. T think the one thing that’s good about what we see happening with the Brazil market is that people believe that the market is going to be a big market and so the buying is being much more spread out than it was last year. They realized they cant just come in and expect just-in-time shipments. So there a positive outcome of that. The issue though is, is that Brazil needs significant investment in ports, in real capacity and in roads. It is clear that the government understands that but taking it to action is going to be something that’s going to have to happen for them to continue to grow like they have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, good morning. I was hoping to get some color on the fiscal fourth quarter phosphate margin guidance. At the midpoint of the range you have guided volumes up sequentially and prices really only down $5 a ton. You have also outlined an outlook for lower ammonia costs and lower sulfur costs, at least based on your purchase, the purchase cost that you realized in the fiscal third quarter coupled with what more another quarter of optimized (inaudible) production. Maybe break how phosphate margins are so only flat sequentially in the fiscal fourth quarter? Thank you.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Adam, its Larry. All of the trends you mentioned are true and yet they are not strong trends. So what we are seeing is the likelihood of relatively flat performance in phosphates in the fourth quarter. Prices may be down slightly. You are right. Ammonia cost maybe down slightly. We are continuing to see progress on rock cost but when we put the whole mix together, what we are seeing is the likelihood of relatively flat gross margins. As you know, some of the raw material cost trends take some time to work through their way fully through the P&L. So while we are pleased by the trends we are seeing, we don’t expect to see the full impact of those fairly recent trends already in our fourth quarter P&L fully. So positive directions but perhaps not as many fold changes as we might like to see just in this coming fourth quarter
Operator: Your next question comes from PJ Juvekar with Citi.
PJ Juvekar - Citigroup: Yes, hi good morning. The issues with Ma'aden one was that some of the rock quality was quite poor due to impurities which caused Ma'aden one to ramp up slowly. So what can you tell us about Ma'aden two project and the rock quality there? How does it compare to your Florida or pro mines and does this impact your Miski Mayo two expansion. Thank you.
James O'Rourke: Very good to have you on the call. Good to hear from you. We cant really say much about Ma'aden one. We have not had involvement in that, engagement in that and its best to ask the Ma'aden folks how that’s coming along. It’s a 3 million ton plant. I can tell you that. Our sense is that producing in that 2 million ton a year range and I have little doubt that by the end of this calendar year or sooner they are going to have the capacity if they choose to run it at the 3 million ton range. The Ma'aden two mine is a separate project, part of the investment we are making along with the granulation plant and until we start developing that mine, we won't know for certain, but I am going to ask Joe to speak to some of the issues that we may face in mining.
James O'Rourke: Hey, Jay basically we are just starting out in terms really evaluating long-term processing the rock and everything, so a lot of rock quality isn't what necessarily in how you process it, so I think that's one of the things that Mosaic will bring to the table. We experienced with a range of rocks and rock types and also a range of experiences with respect to how to process that rock into final product. So, in terms the raw quality, we see rock quality is good from what we've seen so far. It's not the same as quality, it's different but in some areas it's better, some areas it's not as good as Florida, but all rocks are slightly different. Second part of your question in terms of what does it mean for Miski Mayo, I recognize that Miski Mayo is a rock mine which supplements our Florida operations, so the Miski Mayo is quite separate we will be producing phosphate product like DAP, etcetera, where at Miski Mayo, we use the rock for Florida operations, so they really don't compete in that sense or they have a fairly separate strategic purpose for Mosaic, so we are committed to diversifying our rock sources in Florida and if the economics and the long-term focus Miski Mayo supports that commitment to Florida, we may go ahead with it despite Ma'aden.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Parkinson with Credit Suisse.
Chris Parkinson - Credit Suisse: You mentioned you are seeing some improving sentiment in most of your geographies. Can you add some more color in which geographies in particular you this in for potash and where are you seeing the biggest material differences versus what you've seen in January? Thank you.
James Prokopanko: Good day, Chris. I am going to ask Mike Rahm and Rick McLellan. Mike Rahm, our economist strategy leader to speak to that.
Mike Rahm: Good morning, Chris. Generally it's been wide spread improvements in most geographies. As you probably know, we are guiding total MLP shipments in the range of 55 million tons to 57 million tons nearly through the first quarter of calendar year 2013. Our estimates are now at the high-end range of the range. Starting in the Americas, we're seeing just outstanding shipments and in North America this past fall. The middle, the quarter here in the December, Jan, February, it was a little bit slower. We saw an uptick late in the quarter. Prospects for our final fiscal quarter as we've indicated guidance are very good. Brazil is probably going to [with] 8 million tons of imports this year and some of the Asian markets after a big drop-off in Indonesia and Malaysia, we think there is a very good rebound there. And if you look at the two big contract markets like China, first half China, if you include the option tonnage has contract for about 3 million tons by vessel, and if they continue to import 200,000 tons to 250,000 tons per month by rail, you can add up about 4 million tons to 4.5 million tons of imports by China in the first half of the year, and I think that either indicates they are front-end loading their purchases or maybe we're on the brink of seeing China break out of that 6 million tons to 6.5 million ton important appetite And even in India. India contracted for close to 4 million tons of product and we have guided I think in the past 3.2 to 3.7 with the 3.5 midpoint estimate or point estimate. And then so, even India is exceeding our expectations in terms of contracting. So, put that all together, I think the probably an underappreciated story is the emergence of a very strong rebound in global potash shipments in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin McCarthy, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
Kevin McCarthy - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Yes. Good morning. Larry, if you look a couple of years ahead, let's say, beyond the Cargill trust episode in Mosaic's history, is there a particular leverage ratio or range of leverage where you would feel comfortable striking a balance between running the balance sheet more efficiently and maintaining your investment grade status with the one times EBITDA in terms of net debt or two times or somewhere in between? How would you evaluate what is appropriate to maximize the efficiency?
Mike Rahm: Kevin, we are just going through the final process of finalizing that policy reviewing with the board and we look forward to sharing it sometime in the mid-May timeframe, we think, and then we will give you a much more exact idea at that point in time. I think, for now, I would just remind you of what we said in our prepared comments. We recognize that we have got the opportunity to put more debt on the balance sheet. We intend to do so and we intend to use some of the cash that’s on our balance sheet. So we will certainly have a more efficient balance sheet going forward. I think if you simply look at what the typical credit agency, the rating agencies' metrics are for BBB companies, you would typically see anywhere from two to three times the debt to EBITDA leverages as being typical for AAA or for BBB companies. I think in our industry, they would be a little bit more conservative than that. So we will use those as guidelines as we finalize this policy. But please be a little bit patient, give us a little more time and look for us to provide you more detain in the mid-May timeframe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.
Don Carson - Susquehanna Financial: Yes, good morning. I wanted to follow-up with Mike Rahm just on your potash comments. Mike, you indicated that you were seeing strong volume recovery globally this year but it seems in some of spot markets like Brazil, South East Asian and more importantly the U.S., we are not seeing any price movement. So why is it that this volume recovery isn’t treating you too more price momentum in the domestic market in particular? Just as part B of my question, with prospective plantings is coming in a few hours, Mike, what's your view, the USDA has this very big recovery in production and in stocks this year but will they return to trend line yield, just wondered what your view of that forecast is?
Mike Rahm: Hi, good morning, Don. I guess I would take exception to the view that product prices haven’t moved. If you look at what's happened in Brazil, right after the settlement of the China contract in the 400 range and the Indian contract in the 427 range, prices traded down and Brazil, the most active spot market into that 410 to 420 range. Today, our product is moving into that market at 440 and offers for the April, May June period, the gut slide of their big import period are up in the 450 to 460 range. So we have always said the larger than expected baseload contracts to China and India probably set the stage for fundamentals to play out and then as they play out and we see this rebound in demand this year, we are seeing some decent price appreciation. In North America we think these recent developments have set a floor under North American prices which had traded at a premium to some of the international values. So I think when you look at the projected stocks of North American producers, while they remain elevated today with the exports of sales on the books by Canpotex, plus the outlook for a very strong fourth fiscal quarter for Mosaic. We see those inventories getting pulled down to normal levels. So I think that will help support the price momentum that we see right now. In terms of the U.S. acreage report, we are all excited about the release here in a few hours. In terms of acreage, we are in that 97 million to 97.5 million acre range. I think the consensus is right in that range as well. As far as the expected yield, I think the short answer to that is, no one knows what that is going to be. We went back and looked at what's happened to yields following the last three major droughts, in 1983, 1988 and again in 1993. And in each of the years following those droughts, we saw a very strong rebound back to trend. And so, I think, yield is going to depend largely on rainfall and growing degree days this summer and I think that's the bottom line and I'd like some of the analyst views that everyone's growing a very large crop in their spread sheets and we are not going to know what's going to happen until we see how weather plays out, so its' far too early I think to make a call. I think one of the things that's happened is that with the improvement in moisture conditions, there's less concern of drought, but that has raised all of set of issues looking at late spring as everyone is aware. I think last week rather than ice melting what happened ice was forming and now the first barge is expected to arrive in same fall somewhere the week of April 20th. So, we sort of transitioned here from a concern about drought to late planting, the potential for serious flooding in many parts of North America. And bottom line is to a great extent our fate is in the hands of mother nature and we simply don't know how that's going to play out yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson with Scotia Bank.
Ben Isaacson - Scotia Bank: Jim, maybe you can just provide some color as to how the JV with Ma'aden evolved and how that was formed. And then I was also a little unclear did they as ask you for technical expertise on the first phase and you said no, or they did not ask you? And then finally, what is the timing on the Bayóvar Phase 2 decision? Thank you.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Ben. I'll take your first two questions and I am going to ask Joc to answer the Bayóvar Miski Mayo second question. Important and you raised it to understand that this is a joint venture investment. This isn't purely an equity investment. We are making an equity investment, but we do have claim to 25% of the product that will come through the joint venture, and we will sell that product to customers as we choose to. That will be similar for the partners SABIC as well as the Ma'aden fertilizer. They will sell their share of the fertilizer. The revenues go to the joint venture and we're sharing that profit, and that's how it's going to work. This has nothing to do with Phase 1. This is strictly the Phase 2 project, which is going to be in approximate 3.5 million tons of finished phosphate fertilizer. And Phase 1 will just be kept right out of it. You asked the question how did we get involved in this, we've known the Ma'aden people for some while. Phase 1 just didn't happen. The two organizations didn't get together on that. It was well down the road when those opportunities were there. And as far as technical expertise, we have an understanding between two parties more details yet to be ironed out, but we will be making contributions through know-how and personnel in the design and operation of the Phase 2 facility. Now I am going to move this over to Joc to talk about the timing on Miski Mayo.
James O'Rourke: In terms of the Bayóvar 2 or the Miski Mayo expansion, I think it's almost too early to talk about. I recognize we have two joint venture partners in that project. We are just getting ramped up to the design rate for Phase 1. We have a lot of what I would call betting in or stabilizing of phase, making sure that that's running well at which point three joint-venture partners and we are the engineering and design, but at that point three joint-venture partners will seriously at the economics and the future of Bayóvar too, including market question. So, that's probably ways off yet before we make that decision.
James Prokopanko: Ben, I just want to add another item too, which is the Ma'aden Phase 2 project, and you will be hearing more details as we get further into the finalizing of many of the details that are involved but there will be a board of the Ma'aden Phase 2 we are going to have. I guess we will have two members on the board, SABIC will have one, Ma'aden will have four or five. So we are going to be quite involved in the management operations and direction of that investment. Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Jim, I know you are still doing your cost work on the last 2 million ton of the potash expansion, but can you give us a rough estimate of how much more expensive that could be than the first 3 million ton? If the last 2 million tons is delayed, does CapEx approach $1 billion in 2015? Thank you.
James Prokopanko: David you asked the question, if I have this right, what is the difference in per unit cost for Phase 2, is that correct?
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank: Correct. Yes.
James Prokopanko: Yes, that are the next deferred base. These are the higher cost based projects. The ones we commenced with and started with were the lower per unit CapEx cost, the easier projects, if you will, and the quicker projects. As we go further down, these projects become more complex, become more expensive and I think the only guidance we have given is blended all-in the 5 million tons that we have talked about is going to be in the $5 billion range. So, you are averaging $1,000 $1,200 to a ton. These latter projects are going to be more than the $1,000 a ton average there, so to speak. Some of these were $500 to $600 ton projects, there were some $1,500 ton projects. So it's difficult to say. We are not prepared to say what these latter projects are but suffice to say even these latter projects and certainly the earlier projects these are far, far better than anything you would expect with a greenfield and probably in the range of, at worst case, half the cost of a greenfield project.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line…
James Prokopanko: Excuse me, I am sorry. David, you had a second part, if it's delayed what would CapEx for 2015 be and I am going to ask Larry to speak to that.
Lawrence Stranghoener: I would suggest that we are trying to give some more guidance on financial policy in mid-May. At that time we will also give some more highlights with respect to long-term CapEx plans. But just keep a couple of things in mind. One is that sustaining capital requirements are probably in the $700 million to $800 million annual range. We will likely face the opportunity to build two new phosphate rock mines beginning later in the decade to the tune of $1 billion dollar each spread out over a number of years. As many of you know, we are still in the final decision-making stages on a new ammonia plant. So, there are a number of items in our CapEx plans that we will be giving more clarity on sometime before the end of this fiscal year. So, my point is, just because we maybe delaying if we choose to do so, our potash expansions, I don't want people to think that our capital expenditures are likely to be declining dramatically. We will give you more color on that soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley with BGC Financial.
Mark Gulley - BGC Financial: Good morning. Larry, let me try another balance sheet question recognizing that we will get more detail in a couple of months. If I look at the math that you went through with respect to uses of cash, short-term. If I start off with a cash balance of $3.3 billion, the buffers that you talked about added up to roughly $2 billion. So therefore, what that suggests that cash available for share repurchases is going to be in that $1.3 billion area. Thanks, Larry.
Lawrence Stranghoener: I think, Mark, that we are not looking at only cash available for share repurchases. We have got this great opportunity to rebalance the balance sheet with increased debt. So we will be looking for a combination of debts and available cash for share repurchases. Much of our decision will depend upon circumstances at the time and what is the price of the stock, what is the cost to borrow, what is the aptitude of the other parties to this transaction to participate. So I can't give you any more detail or anymore precision at this point in time. I would simply emphasize the point that we've made many times. And I'll repeat, we have very deliberately built a strong balance sheet to allow us to take advantage of the opportunities we are going to have this summer and whether we are looking at cash on hand, available cash or debt capacity, we've got ample opportunity to return capital to shareholders as well as to continue to invest in our business for growth and for returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Yes. Hi. I was wondering if you guys could give an update sort of on the Faustina ammonia potential expansion project and kind of your thoughts in terms of what some of your competitors do and whether that might influence your decision at all and some of the other factors you're considering. Thanks.
James Prokopanko: Hello, Michael. The ammonia expansion you've heard us talk about, I think we are one of the earliest out of the gates on that and it has become a crowded field since then. The point that we are at is that we are continuing our feed or frontend engineering design work. We are going to have that wrapped up over the next, I think, 90 days to be complete. This is a large project. The price range would be for 1 million tons of additional ammonia production, which is a combination of greenfield ammonia plant and debottlenecking expansion of our current approximate 0.5 million tons of production. It's going to range, we think, between $1 billion and $1.2 billion. That's a lot of money. So once we have the final numbers, and that's just our practice, for major expansions like this, we like to have a high confidence in what the final cost is going to be before we make the final call. There has been more to be seen on that. There has been a big gold rush mentality on nitrogen. U.S. imports about 7 million tons to 8 million tons of ammonia a year given the price spread between marginal costs of production, which is Russian gas into Ukrainian plants. That's about equivalent to $8, $9 MMBTU gas prices, so U.S. has a considerable advantage, so 7 million tons or 8 million tons are imported into the U.S., I expect that farmers working we are going to see 7 million to 8 million tons of new capacity come into the U.S. These are long lead time projects. If we made a decision today, we expect it is going to be upwards of four years before we get the first ton of the project out considering all permitting and construction costs, so giving you a long story here to say that it's a long lead time, a lot of things can change, so looking at the final cost over the next few months get a better sense of who is really serious about making these serious $1 dollar-plus investments and we will make the call later in the summer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Korn with Barclays.
Matthew Korn - Barclays: Hey, good morning. We've talked a little bit about the positive outlook you are seeing for global potash shipments in relative to your earlier projections for 50 million ton level. How are indications looking for phosphate shipments globally? I believe you had forecast somewhere around 63 million, 65 million tons before largely predicated on demand in the Americas?
Mike Rahm: Hi. Good morning, Matthew. This is Mike Rahm. Yes. In terms of our global phosphate shipment forecast, we have not changed that we are still in that 63 to 65 range through the first quarter of the year, basis our current point estimate we are kind of right in the middle that range. I think with the exception of India, it's pretty much the same story. Starting in the Americas, North American phosphate shipments have just been phenomenal, frankly. If you look at the numbers from last fall, they are well above the seven-year average, well above the maximum of the seven-year high/low range. We had good follow through during our third fiscal quarter, and we think the fourth fiscal quarter will be about average, so extraordinarily good shipments in North America. Same story in Brazil. As you know that last year total fertilizer shipments there were 29.5 million tons. We think that will increase to 31 million tons. We expect that Brazil will import more than 4 million tons of phosphate products. A record, seeing good demand in most of the other Asian markets. So, we are on track to hit that 63 million, 65 million range, I believe. But one thing I would like to mention that it kind of relates to Don's earlier question, is that even with a good rebound in global yields this year, an important point is to note that I think there is some pent-up demand. If you looked at the chart in our presentation that showed global grain and oilseed stocks you saw the big drawdown that is occurring in 2012, 2013. That drawdown assumes a very modest increase in grain and oilseed use. In fact, if you look at the projected growth in grain and oilseed use in 2012, 2013, it's 0.6%. That followed the previous four years when grain and oil seed demand grew at 2.2%, 2.3%, 2.3%, 2.6% per year. So, I think even if we get a very, very good supply response, what we are going to see is that, some point of grain prices begin to come down or moderate a bit, there's a potential for an unleashing of this pent-up demand and the fact that crop nutrients remain highly affordable simply underpins our forecast for record P&K shipments this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.
Jeff Zekauskas - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. I have a question for Mike. In your potash shipment expectation of 55 million to 57 million tons for the industry, what's your China number?
Mike Rahm: China number is, imports of about. Sorry, Jeff, didn’t have the microphone on. Our forecast for China, I believe are, imports of about 6.5 million tons and their domestic production will probably be in the range of 4 million tons. So call it 10 to 11 and as I noted before if you look at what they have contracted for the first half of the year, it's just probably in the 4 million to 4.5 million ton range. So that's a number we are watching very carefully that we think that there could be some upside in that forecast if things play out the way we think they could. With that, I am going to conclude our call and reiterate a few of the key messages we want to leave you with. First, agricultural fundamentals remained very strong here in North America and elsewhere around the world. Second, we are seeing strong global demand for our products. Third, we have substantial cash and borrowing capacity and we look forward to deploying it in the year ahead and you are going to hear much more about that later this fiscal year sometime in May. Finally, we have got great confidence in Mosaic's future. Our critical mission of helping the world grow the food it need bears very substantial promise for our customers, our employees, our communities and of course for our shareholders. Thanks very much. Have a great weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon James T. Prokopanko - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President of Commercial Michael Rahm James C. O'Rourke - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christopher Perrella Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Olga Guteneva - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal year 2013 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of our senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on current and future market conditions. Larry will discuss capital management, as well as provide insight into our future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, January 4, 2013, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning. And we at Mosaic wish you all a healthy and prosperous new year. Thank you for joining our second quarter earnings discussion. I hope you all had an enjoyable and safe holiday season. As we expected, the timing issues in some international markets continued during this quarter, and they masked strong business conditions in other parts of the world, especially in the Western Hemisphere. We have 3 key messages for you today. First, farm economics around the world are extremely compelling. And as a result, we expect record global phosphate and potash shipments in calendar 2013. Second, positive fundamentals should take root this year and overtake cautious sentiment. We expect to see volumes increase, followed by stronger pricing. And third, our exceptionally strong balance sheet gives us important flexibility to take advantage of opportunities. All these factors, combined with the ever-growing global demand for food, give us great confidence in Mosaic's future. First, I'll quickly review the numbers. We reported operating earnings of $560 million on revenue of $2.5 billion for the quarter. Potash business unit contributed $316 million in operating earnings, and the Phosphates business generated $245 million in operating earnings. In total, we reported earnings per share of $1.47, which includes the tax items we reported in November. Assuming a normalized tax rate of 23.3%, our earnings per share were $0.99. Finally, we generated $322 million in operating cash flow during the quarter, and we continue to maintain a very strong cash position with $3.4 billion of cash on hand. Beyond the quarter's numbers, agricultural fundamentals are exceptionally strong around the globe, and that bodes well for Mosaic over the long term. Despite the severe drought in the U.S. and weather problems in other parts of the world, this year's global harvest was the second-largest ever. Even so, the world will consume more grains and oilseeds than it harvests this year. Food supply is precarious, and farmers are well aware of this fact. So it should come as no surprise that futures markets are signaling farmers to expand planted area and increase fertilizer applications to boost yield in 2013. In fact, 2013 new crop prices for corn, soybeans and hard red winter wheat have traded at the highest prices ever for the last several months. These record new crop prices support our forecast that U.S. farmers could plant 96 million acres of corn next spring, and the Brazilian farmers could apply a record 31 million tonnes of plant nutrients this year. Just as important, farmers have the cash they need to invest in their businesses. The USDA estimates that U.S. net farm cash income surged to a record high in 2012 and forecast similar levels this year. Put succinctly, farmers do not want to get caught with a short crop in the current macro environment, so they're going to do everything they can to bring maximum yield out of every acre of land. We've seen evidence of this imperative this fall in North America as the nutrient application season brought the highest levels of demand for our products since Mosaic was formed. Farmers are undeterred by the challenging 2012 harvest. They have those high grain and oilseed prices clearly in focus. Though the outlook remains strongly positive, but the short term continues to present some uncertainties for our business. I'd like to enumerate those and give you our perspective on how we expect them to resolve and how we're managing through them. In essence, we view all these issues primarily as timing challenges. Let's start with China, which delayed signing a new contract for Canadian potash until this week. In the meantime, China met some of its farmers' demand with domestic production in rail shipments from Eastern Europe. But a diversity of suppliers is necessary to meet all Chinese potash demand as the newly-signed Canpotex contract makes clear. While we obviously would have liked the higher price, the 1 million tonnes to be shipped to China in the first half of this year indicates very strong demand. And just as important, the contract provides a base load to get the global potash market functioning smoothly again. Customers around the globe waited to learn the price at which the China contract settled before committing to major purchases. Now that the price is known, we expect pent-up demand from other nations to emerge. I'll comment further on the potash market shortly. Second, the story is quite different in India, which continues to struggle with its subsidy policies and currency valuations. Here too we believe the issue was one of timing. India cannot continue to sacrifice food security and its environment by continuing its market-distorting subsidies, which lead to imbalances in crop nutrition. As such, we believe India will return to the potash market this year. Finally, Mississippi River. No doubt you've heard and have seen the media's increasing attention to the river, and that attention is well justified. The water level in St. Louis has dropped below 9 feet for the first time since the Army Corps of Engineers began keeping records. That's 20 feet below normal. If river levels do not rise, we and the rest of the industries that rely on America's most important passage for commerce will face challenges. Based on our estimates, 2/3 of the urea, 1/2 of the Phosphates and 1/4 of the Potash that reach North American farms travel on the Mississippi. So the possibility of a closed or severely-restricted river could mean that farms will not be able to get all the nutrients they need for timely spring application. The river issue could begin impacting our results in the fourth fiscal quarter. Customers could begin buying sooner with the intention of filling their sheds in advance of a major shipping slowdown, and importers would struggle to get their products into the U.S. In response, phosphate prices could rise and benefit producers who have been able to move that product to warehouses in advance of spring. We have been working to do just that. To summarize these challenges, in countries where markets are working freely, agricultural fundamentals and demand for our products are extremely strong. With the China potash contract now resolved, we believe demand will accelerate to reflect the strong agricultural fundamentals. On the next slide, you'll see some evidence to support our optimistic outlook. In 2006, global potash demand declined by 3.3 million tonnes and pricing softened. In the following year, potash demand came back with such force, increasing over 7 million tonnes, that producers struggled to keep up. While our expectations are for a similar rebound in demand, our current forecasts are much more modest than in 2006, 2007. Now I would like to dig a little deeper into our Potash operations. We slowed production toward the end of calendar 2012 to better align with supply-demand dynamics. While our operating rates remain relatively high in the second quarter to meet strong North American demand for granular potash, we extended our holiday shutdowns, and our operating rate for the third quarter will remain below optimal levels. Even as Chinese demand returns, India remains on the sidelines. So we have revisited our forecast for global potash shipments in 2013. We expect producers to ship 55 million to 57 million tonnes, which will be close to the record levels of 2011. Our view is long term, and the horizon looks bright for potash. Even though the new capacity coming online from Mosaic and others could cause a dip in short-term operating rates, we expect average operating rates in our mines to remain high over the coming years. We are continuing with our expansion projects in Saskatchewan because the world's farmers are going to need more potash in the decades ahead. Keep in mind that our 3 million tonnes of approved expansions are all brownfields, which are currently the only kind of expansions that make economic sense with potash prices where they are today. Our remaining 2 million tonnes of proposed projects will be evaluated over the next year. One final note on potash. Demand for our premium products, Pegasus and K-Mag, is exceeding our production capacity, and we are earning premium prices for those products. Farmers are realizing the value these and other innovative Mosaic products provide. By contrast, phosphate market seems to have found a balance after a volatile beginning in December. The market is really a tale of 2 hemispheres. We're experiencing record shipments to the Western Hemisphere and significantly softer conditions in the East. We continue to expect phosphate shipments to reach another record and to extend their steady growth trend. However, we have lowered our estimates for 2012 and our forecast for 2013 due mainly to larger-than-expected declines in India. We continue to make progress towards a potential new ammonia plant. Last month, we were with the governor of Louisiana to announce that the state has granted us significant incentives that will weigh in to our final decision, and we are now focused on front-end engineering and design work at our Faustina, Louisiana location. That work will take about 8 months, and we expect to make a final decision on the full capital commitment this summer. MicroEssentials, our premium micronutrient phosphate fertilizer, continues to deliver excellent performance. Farmers, particularly in North America, are rapidly learning that the minor additional premium product cost leads to significant gains in yield. In fact, MicroEssentials now represents more than 10% of all phosphates applied to North American fields and almost 6% of Brazilian phosphate applications. Overall, even as we enter the seasonally slowest period of our year, we feel good about the performance of our 2 business units in the face of some difficult challenges, and we feel very good about the longer-term prospects for both Potash and Phosphates. Before I leave this discussion of our operations, I'd like to highlight our safety performance. The relentless pursuit of an injury-free workplace is our first priority, as well as an indicator of our operational excellence, and we are making good progress. Through the first half of fiscal 2013, our safety performance continued to track better than last year's record-setting performance with a 13% reduction in our recordable injury rate and a 29% decline in lost-time accidents compared with the first half of 2012. With that, I'll ask Larry to talk through our thoughts on capital allocation and provide our guidance. After that, I'll conclude with some further thoughts on our outlook. Larry?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim noted, this quarter's results are in line with our expectations. So rather than spending your time rehashing our numbers, I'd like to address a couple of topics that I know are on your minds. First, our capital allocation philosophy. We have an exceptionally strong balance sheet and that, combined with our expectation of strong future operating cash flows, gives us significant flexibility. We have the cash and the debt capacity necessary to pursue all 3 of our capital management priorities, which are to invest for organic business growth, to act on appropriate strategic investment opportunities and to return capital to shareholders. We are constantly evaluating investment opportunities, and we're maintaining our discipline as we do so. We will only commit capital when it makes strategic and financial sense for Mosaic and our shareholders. Regarding shareholder distributions, you all know that there are outstanding shares that could begin coming to market this summer, and we are committed to managing these lock-up expirations in an orderly fashion. Our financial flexibility gives us the ability to consider a wide range of options, including the possible repurchase of some or all of those shares. We look forward to initiating discussions at the end of May when we're allowed to do so. Now I'll turn to our guidance. Our third fiscal quarter is usually our seasonally slowest with periods of limited transactions and price transparency. We expect third quarter Potash volumes to be in the range of 1.5 million to 1.8 million tonnes, which is substantially higher than last year's third quarter. We expect average Potash pricing to be in the range of $370 to $400 per tonne, which is down for 3 primary reasons: generally lower market prices; our seasonal shift to greater shipments of standard potash, which is more prevalent outside North America; and our increasing Canpotex share, which means even more of our product is expected to be delivered to international markets. Potash operating rates are expected to remain suboptimal, including the extended holiday shutdowns we've already taken. Lower operating rates and expected lower prices will continue to pressure the Potash gross margin rate in the third quarter. In Phosphates, fiscal third quarter sales volumes are expected to be in the range of 2.5 million to 2.8 million tonnes. The balanced current market conditions are likely to continue, and so we expect prices to be in the range of $485 to $515 per tonne. Operating rates and our gross margin rate should be essentially flat with those in the second quarter. Finally, our cost for brine management at Esterhazy were down slightly during the second quarter, but our run rate remains above our previous guidance. We now expect our full year brine management cost to be in the range of $245 million to $275 million. One final note. In case you missed our news release a couple of weeks ago, we are going to transition from our current fiscal year to calendar year reporting. We will complete fiscal 2013 in May, and then we'll enter a 7-month stub period through December 31. The first full calendar reporting year will be 2014. In September of this year, we plan to provide you with new historical financials for calendar quarters back to January 1, 2012. We are making this change to better align our business seasonality with our reporting and to align our reporting with that of our peers. Now I'll turn the call back to Jim for his concluding comments.
James T. Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. Global agriculture experienced quite a rollercoaster ride in 2012. Spring planting in North America created expectations of a record crop and low grain and oilseed prices. Then our planet dried out -- from the U.S. breadbasket to South America and the Black Sea. Those once promising crops wilted and shrunk. Grain and oilseed prices rallied and then rallied further. The economics of farming rallied right along with them, and farmers across the globe are enjoying nearly unprecedented prosperity. But the same cannot be said of the world's food security. I know you've heard me talk about food many times before, and I'm sure some of you are quite tired of hearing of it. But I'll keep talking about it. All of us at Mosaic, all committed to our mission of helping the world grow the food it needs. We'll keep talking about it because food is the Mosaic story, and because the global food story is why investors should see great opportunity in Mosaic. Farm land is barely increasing. But even if farm land could increase at the same rate as the world's population, demand for food would still surpass agricultural production. Growing human prosperity brings with it demand for higher-quality foods, most notably proteins, which, in turn, require more grain. So over the next 4 decades, with no appreciable increase in farm land, the world will have 2 billion more mouths to feed, 1/2 of whom will live in Africa, the only continent that is not yet self-sufficient in food production. And more of our planet's 9 billion residents will demand more protein. It's a daunting, literally life and death challenge. With farm prosperity running high, there is hope that enough capital will find its way to agriculture to nurture the innovative thinking necessary to meet mushrooming demand. Whether that investment materializes or not, the fact remains that farmers will have strong incentive to coax maximum yield from their land, and they simply cannot do that without good crop nutrition. That is Mosaic's promise. We're the crop nutrition experts, and we have the global reach to make an important contribution to global food security, which is one of the defining challenges of our time. That, in turn, bodes very well for our shareholders. So I will continue to revisit this topic frequently. It's why we're here, and it's why we're so bullish on Mosaic's future. Now we'd be happy to take your questions. Over to you, operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can I just ask -- Larry, you laid out the capital priorities, and I think sort of the -- what I get when I'm out talking to investors now, is the ones that know your story well I think understand how to sort of divide up your liquidity around those 3 priorities. But maybe for the third person that's newer to the story, if you have $3.5 billion of cash more or less, and I think the number is about $6.5 billion of debt capacity to stay investment grade, which you listed as a priority, how much organic growth in dollars do you already have laid out to spend? If you went ahead with the ammonia plant, we know roughly what that would cost, but when would you spend that -- the bulk of that money? Would it be next year? Would it be 3 years from now? And then on strategic investment, they haven't really done much other than -- you've made some divestments and so forth, but how much is there really out there to do because I think, ultimately, it nets down to what should investors expect you to be capable of doing from a return to shareholders perspective, both as it relates to potential dividend increases and ultimately, how much stock you could buy back both from the charitable trust and the family members who've you've, of course, can't talk to you right now and then ultimately from the open market?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Vincent, thank you for the question. That's -- there's a lot to respond to there. I'll repeat what we said in our comments. We have a lot of financial flexibility, and we have very deliberately built up this financial flexibility to deal with the expiration of our tax restrictions and the coming lockup expirations. We want to be able to deal with that situation in whatever way makes sense at the time. It's a little bit situational, it's a little bit hypothetical. We don't know what we're going to be dealing with next summer when those lockup expirations expire. We don't know what those shareholders are going to be thinking with respect to what they want to do with their shares. And so it's difficult for us to be as precise as you all would like us to be. Suffice it to say that we expect to be able to continue to fund our organic growth initiatives through operating cash flow and beyond that, we believe we've got extensive capability to pursue strategic alternatives if and when they arise. And as you point out, we have not seen anything yet that we've seen fit to invest in other than the Miski Mayo Mine. So we continue to exercise great discipline and to return cash to shareholders. I would note that when we've had the opportunity to buy back shares, we have done so. You'll recall that when we did that early last year, we said at the time that was the single best investment opportunity we could find. We would continue to view share repurchase in that light comparing it to other investment alternatives when that time comes. So we're asking for continued patience. We don't have full flexibility yet. We understand that come May, come this summer, that investors are going to be looking for more detail about how we intend to deploy our capital. But accept the fact that until we get to May, until we can start engaging with these shareholders whose lockup -- where the lockups will expire, we can't be more definitive than that at this point in time.
James T. Prokopanko: Vincent, it's Jim Prokopanko. I'll just add an element to Larry's comments in regards to your question about strategic that -- how much is there, you really haven't seen anything. And one, I think that's a testament to Mosaic's discipline about how we look at investments. We're not impatient to make a move. We do have a lot of dry powder, but we're not going to blow a hole on our foot just because we have that. There aren't -- we are a natural party to be involved in any kind of acquisitions. There's not many that would do anything without talking to Mosaic first. So I don't feel at all that there's -- that we're going to miss anything here. So just stay tuned. We're being disciplined. We're being very prudent and stay tuned.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christopher Perrella: It's Chris Perrella on for Kevin. Could you just elaborate, with the India contract timing, would that be held up by the need to -- for more clarity on their subsidy regime for next year? And what's your thoughts, Jim, on going to more of a spot market for China and India?
James T. Prokopanko: Going to have Rick and possibly Mike Rahm, Dr. Mike Rahm respond to the India, and then I'll add some comments about spot pricing.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, on India, the contract timing is going to be driven by primarily one thing, and that is inventories have been drawn down in-country to some very low levels. And so we expect something to get done in the first quarter for Potash. The one thing that is really concerning to us in India is just this subsidy that is distorting the applications of both Phosphates and Potash. Potash, for instance, in 1996, the Indian government set out a plan to get to balanced P & K applications. And they set targets of 4 units of nitrogen to 1 unit of Potash at that time. And between then and 2009, they drove that value down to -- on Potash where they were at the target of 4:1. With the changes to the subsidy system and the focus on nitrogen, it is now back up to almost 8:1. So 15 years of very good work thrown out the window. And frankly, that's equivalent to almost 3.5 tonnes of -- 3.5 million tonnes of needed extra Potash in India. Phosphates, very similar. They set a target of 2:1 in that same period and, over the next 15 years, got it down from almost 4:1 to 2:1. Today -- and that was again in 2009 -- today, they're back close to 3:1. So 15 years of very positive impact on getting their nutrition programs balanced, have been lost with this subsidy program, and we think it will be -- it needs to be changed. In-country, people understand that it needs to be changed and when it does, it'll have a significant impact on nutrient markets.
James T. Prokopanko: Chris, I'll just -- you asked about the spot pricing. Understand, in China right now, we still have one more year left to our MOU that we have with Sinofert. That will end in 12/31/13, and it's a matter that is -- gets continual discussion at our Canpotex meetings. Board members have -- shareholders have a point of view, and the -- what drives that is what we'll do whatever we think is in the best interest of the member producers of potash companies. We've gone from 12-month contracts in China now to 6-month contracts. So I think you can see the direction we're headed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank.
Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: I have a 2-part question on the recent potash agreement between Canpotex and Sinofert. Some believe that the terms of the contract show a departure by Canpotex of a price over volume strategy with the 1 million tonnes exceeding expectations and the magnitude of the price decline coming in a little larger that many thought. Can you provide some color as to whether you see a need for producers such as yourselves to adapt to a more competitive strategy? And then the second part of that question is back to the MOU. You signed for -- or Canpotex signed 1 million tonnes for 1H '13. Based on the October 2010 MOU, I believe it was signed for about 3.15 million tonnes. We shouldn't be using this 1 million tonnes as a run rate for the second half of the year as well, is that correct? I only see a few hundred thousand tonnes being left to complete that MOU.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. Two questions. You asked about changing competitive landscape and perhaps just about what's happening in the industry structure is what's behind that. Let's put it in context for the kind of year we're in. We've seen this year, Potash sales down about 4 million tonnes. Potash purchases by buyers down 4 million tonnes. I think that drop in the market caused some players to be more aggressive than what I think was necessary, and they were just very aggressive. They didn't want -- they saw sales down and they wanted to maintain share and that's the behavior we saw. With a return to normalized and continuing growing Potash demand, I think that will be a passing thing, steady 55 million to 57 million tonnes I think we're seeing for this -- the coming year. That will cure the pricing, and we do see strengthening pricing going forward as products -- as we now see 1 million tonnes moving, I expect more will be bought in China and India's, I just anticipate, is just around the corner. Now the second question I'll turn it over to Rick.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, the agreement has several points to it, more based upon seaborne imports. So I wouldn't forecast that this means 2 million tonnes that Canpotex will do with Sinofert. It is a very good start to the year in the remaining portion of the MOU.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial Group.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: A question, I want to follow-up on Potash and your outlook for both 2013 and beyond. You've cut your shipment forecast from 58 million to 60 million tonnes to 55 million to 57 million tonnes, but I note that you've also got lower operating rates in 2013 and beyond, you used to assume a return to 90% plus. Now you've got below 90%. So the specific question would be in 2013, what's your new forecast for Indian imports? And as we get beyond 2013, are you less optimistic on operating rates because of more capacity coming online or just a lower rate of demand growth?
James T. Prokopanko: I'm going to ask Dr. Rahm to address that question.
Michael Rahm: Yes, and in terms of our revisions, we've taken down our 2013 estimates to 55 million to 57 million tonnes from our previous 58 million to 60 million tonnes. Most of that is due to a downward revision in India, a little bit less also projected for Indonesia and Malaysia. Going forward, we would expect that in 2014, that probably rebounds to the 59 million tonne range and then increases by 2.5% to 3% for the next 3 to 4 years. So in 2017, we're projecting demand of -- in the 63 million, 64 million tonne range. And if you compare that to capacity at that time, we're probably in the mid-70s in terms of effective capacity. So what that means in terms of operating rates is that we think operating rates will range in between about 85% and 90% of capacity, which we think is still a very positive story for the Potash market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A question on India and actually on the Phosphates side. In your prepared remarks, you talked about India returning to the Potash market this year, and I wanted to get more of your thoughts on Phosphates. You've had issues with the DAP imports coming down, lower 1Q finished product operating rates in-country, the rupee remains an issue and then you have the subsidy. And so I was hoping to reconcile that -- all of those issues with your outlook for global phosphate trade in 2013 and how you think about the Indian phosphate market.
James T. Prokopanko: Adam, we're going to have Mike continue with that answer.
Michael Rahm: All right. Yes, we've taken our phosphate imports or phosphate shipment estimate down to 63 million to 65 million tonnes, and we had been guiding 64 million to 66 million tonnes earlier, and again much of that is due to the decline in India. In the case of India, we saw fairly steady imports through about the middle to third quarter of the year and that obviously has come to an end. And we think that DAP inventories in India probably rose to 3.1 million tonnes at the start of the rabi season. With the shut off of imports and with domestic fabrication industry running at lower rates, we think those inventories are going to get drawn down to kind of that 1.4 million tonne range by the end of this fiscal year. So I think Rick can comment, but our assessment is that they will need to begin to line up shipments for their 2013, '14 fiscal year, late first quarter or first part of the second calendar quarter.
Richard N. McLellan: I think you've nailed it, Mike. I think it will be the beginning of the second quarter that we'll see the discussions and the arrangements for shipments of phosphate into India.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: BPC was sending more Potash over rails to China last year. And this year, the fact that Canpotex jumped ahead of BPC in China negotiations, is there anything to read into that?
James T. Prokopanko: P.J., no, I don't think there's much to report -- read into it. As I had said earlier, world demand was down about 4 million tonnes. In China, they were quite aggressive with rail shipments into Northern China and was simple as that, interestingly, and Mike might add some color. But Chinese consumption has been -- is steady year-over-year. They haven't reduced conception of Potash. Our MOU calls for a certain fixed amount of seaborne shipments, and I guess we did have our -- agreed-to share of seaborne shipments, but seaborne shipments were down. So 30% of a lower number isn't what we like to see and we weren't happy with that and negotiations proceeded. And the Chinese need and they recognize, and I do believe the Indians, you can't put all your eggs in one basket. That is a high-risk game in a very, very important industry. So you're going to see the Chinese, the Indians balance out their imports and they -- it is crucial for both of them to have Canadian producers as part of it. Do you have anything add to that, Mike?
Michael Rahm: I can add just a little bit of color commentary. We think the Potash inventory situation in China prior to the start of their fall application season was on the high side, probably in that 4 million tonne range. We think by the end of the calendar year, with the drop off in imports that, that's dropped back down to about 3.2 million tonnes. They have imported -- they will import 6.3 million tonnes this year. We think they'll import 6.5 million tonnes or more next year. And certainly, I think we're getting off to a very good start there. In fact, there could be I think some upside to Potash import demand in China in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Olga Guteneva - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Olga Guteneva sitting in for Jeff. Quickly on phosphate, just to follow-up on the previous question, so are you done with your shipments to India by now?
James T. Prokopanko: Rick McLellan, our commercial leader, will address that.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, we -- on our Indian shipments that PhosChem has, we have 2 shipments left that will happen in the first quarter and have been arranged for that. And that ends the existing MOU that we had. India still will be a very important market to us, and we are in negotiation with those customers about where we go from here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carroll from UBS Securities.
Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It looks like the new ammonia plant being contemplated would add about 700,000 to 800,000 tonnes, which would be less than the 1 million tonnes or so that you're short. So I'm just wondering if you're also going to do -- be doing some debottlenecking to kind of make up for that difference?
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, good question, Bill, and I'm going to ask Joc O'Rourke, our COO, to address that. It's his project and he could add some details.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes. Bill, Joc O'Rourke here. As you mentioned, the announcement set a 700,000-tonne ammonia plant, and you're absolutely right. We have stated we are going to build about 1 million tonnes of capacity, of which 700,000 to 800,000 tonnes will come from a new ammonia plant and the other 200,000 to 300,000 tonnes will come from debottlenecking and expansion of our existing plant. As such, we are still on track to complete our front-end engineering, as Jim said, by middle of the year and make a final decision on 1 million tonnes of increased capacity by midyear.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: And Joc, it's Larry. Just to add -- to respond further to an earlier question. With respect to the funding of that project, if we proceed with it, it would likely entail capital expenditures in the $300 million to $350 million range for several years beginning late next -- or late this year. And again, we would expect to be able to fund that through operating cash flow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: I had a couple of questions. Following up on some of Rick's comments about India and some of the N to K and N to P ratios that you spoke of, maybe you could speak about whether there's maybe some doubt among some of the Indian co-ops, buyers, farming associations, farmers, what have you about whether those improved scientifically-recommended application rates have actually led to better yields. And the second question I want to ask was on Esterhazy. Now that you've got the Esterhazy tonnes back, with the tolling agreement done and you have a greater share, of course, of Canpotex allocation, what is your sense here? Is there a sense that he could lose some share in North America as one of your -- as Potash Corporation maybe tries to put more product in North America from some of its lost offshore volumes?
James T. Prokopanko: I'll have Rick continue with that line of question.
Richard N. McLellan: I think in India, the major buyers that -- of potash and phosphate are very concerned about what's happened with these ratios, and they got a lot of talk at the recent FAI. There's really 2 major concerns. One is the amount of nitrogen that's being applied is not ending up in the crop. And in fact, it's ending up giving some environmental issues and getting into watersheds. It's a significant issue that they're concerned about. And the second is they haven't -- unlike other parts of the world, they don't have a soil mine of phosphate and potash they can draw from, and they're very worried that this will cause problems in future yields. And looking back, I don't think there's a point where they would say it's impacted yields so far. But I would say the whole industry is very concerned about what the impact is in the future and hoping to get some change in place.
James T. Prokopanko: I'll just add one thing to that, and then you'll have the Esterhazy question. This is agronomy. This isn't alchemy. This is pure outright science. Using the periodic table in biology, the FAI, the Federation of -- Fertiliser Association of India, has written a letter to the Ministry asking that subsidies be reduced for nitrogen. They know, they see. You compare wheat yields in India versus Pakistan -- their similar growing conditions, farming conditions -- wheat yields continue to grow in Pakistan; they've got balanced nutrition. They're leveling out in India. So this is just a matter of time before it gets addressed. There's political issues, coalition governments. It's a complex matter, the whole fertilizer subsidy industry, but there is no doubt by anybody in India in the industry that you have to have balanced crop nutrition. With that, the Esterhazy question, about losing share. Rick, do you want to talk about that, how you see that playing out in the North American market?
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. It's a very, very good question. Our share will go up with the reversion of the Esterhazy. Our share of Canpotex shipments will go up with the share of the Esterhazy reverting to us. And part of the programs we put in place that allowed us to improve on our second quarter results with warehouse agreements in North America were part of the plan so that we could place those tonnes. So no, we don't see an impact in North America, and we -- it puts us in a position to also help Canpotex grow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on that. The changes you put in place include what some people call consignment and some people think that's a dirty word. So I wonder if you can elaborate a little bit on whether you are continuing to expand that process. But my second question was with respect to the comment about the 2 million tonnes to be evaluated in 2013. Those projects are now finished. So is it the ramp that you're evaluating or is it something else?
James T. Prokopanko: I'm going to have Rick talk about consignment and exclusive phase contracts. It's not a dirty word. It's a real value creator both for us and for our customers. So Rick?
Richard N. McLellan: I think I'll deal with that. Frankly, one of the things that we heard loud and clear from customers was they were avert -- they had some aversion to risk. And so the concerns that we hear from people is this is consignment. Sorry, it's not. It's an exclusive space agreement. It's an agreement between customer and supplier to take a certain amount of tonnes during certain periods over the year. We get asked questions like the customer can always buy it below of the markets. That's not taking place. We're getting value for having the product in place when the customer needs to use it. And frankly, the biggest concern -- the biggest positive that I see coming out of that helped us in this fall in North America, where we had product in place with customers per agreements. They were able to grow their business, and we were able to capture the value of the product in-country, in North America while markets were softening at the Gulf.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, I'll take the second question, the second question with respect to proposed versus approved Potash expansion projects. Recall that we outlined several years ago a 5 million tonne expansion program consisting of a number of projects. We are executing on 3 million tonnes of those projects, which are going very well on time, on budget, on scope. We have decisions to make as to whether we will proceed with the remaining 2 million tonnes of expansion projects, and we'll begin making those decisions this calendar year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC World Markets.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division: A few questions. First, on the Canpotex deal, do you expect that BPC will settle at a similar price? And if they do settle at a different price, would there be any type of retroactive adjustment to the Canpotex deal? And then the second part would be just on the final approval of the Faustina ammonia plant. What is that contingent on? Would that be a gas contract or -- maybe you can elaborate.
James T. Prokopanko: First question, BPC, don't know what they're going to do. I would -- I'd really be perplexed to understand that they'd -- if they'd weaken after what -- after Canpotex, but just don't know what their plans are. As I said, the key point is China, and we believe it has we think low Potash inventories and has to restock, and they don't have a lot of time at this point to restock. So I'm anticipating there will be something shortly coming out of BPC, and just to reiterate, why would you go below what Canpotex sold at? The next is on what some of the contingencies are around the ammonia plant, and I'm going to have Joc speak to that.
James C. O'Rourke: Your question, I believe, was is there-- does there need to be an ammonia -- a natural gas contract to drive the ammonia project? I guess the way I would answer that is we are studying the economics of the ammonia project. We will pursue some long-term natural gas contracts. But we would not say that the project is contingent on that. We will be looking at the economics to Mosaic and the strategic value of that project either on a spot basis or contract-based depending on how we ultimately structure our natural gas contracts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charles Neivert from Dahlman Rose.
Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick questions, just more on the technical side. When you're looking at the ratios in India and China that have been trying to improve, has the ratio deteriorated because they've used less Potash or because they're using a lot more nitrogen? I mean, meaning Potash being sort of flat and maybe even slightly up, but nitrogen just overwhelms the growth or has it been something where Potash is actually being pushed out in favor of more nitrogen? And then a follow-up on Ma'aden.
James T. Prokopanko: Sorry, the question on Ma'aden?
Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Yes, and then the follow-up question just is where does Ma'aden stand right now? Of the 3 million tonnes that they're supposedly going to have at full rates, where do you guys see them sort of now, and when might they get up to their -- when do you think they might get up to their full rates?
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, I'm going to -- okay, Charles, I'm going to have Rick or Mike address the question on India nutrient to ratios, and then I'll just answer your Ma'aden question.
Richard N. McLellan: Charles, I can address the ratios. I think it's really a combination of both. We've seen very good increases in nitrogen consumption in India. But the rate of increase in P & K has not kept pace with that, and here recently has actually declined significantly, causing those ratios to drop. And as Rick pointed out, if you go back and take a look at history, the P -- or the N to P -- N to K ratio was as high as 10% back in the mid-1990s. They steadily pulled that down to their target in about 2009, 2010, and that -- all of that progress has quickly evaporated in the last couple of years. As Rick pointed out, if assuming you think nitrogen use is kind of at an optimal level or appropriate level in India, if you were to get those ratios back to the FAI targets, it would imply 3.5 million additional tonnes of MOP consumption and about 4 million tonnes of additional DAP consumption.
James T. Prokopanko: Charles, on your question about Ma'aden, we don't know with a lot of certainty. We, in our grid, supply-demand grid, we put them in this past year, producing about 1.2 million tonnes for the year. We think they've had some struggles getting it started and that's no surprise. This is a mega project and a lot of complexity. We anticipate they will get to their full nameplate capacity of about 3 million tonnes by the end of 2013; early 2014, they'll be at full capacity. And we just don't know. If you or any of your colleagues are up at the northern Saudi Arabia, at the border of Jordan and Iraq where the mine is and you see something, let us know. But we think they're going to get there in just a matter of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, can you just discuss again convergence of offshore and onshore prices, specifically right now, the impact of the China settlement on Brazil in the short term, and even on U.S., the farmer behavior on pricing in the long term.
James T. Prokopanko: David, I'll give you a brief answer, then I'm going to just turn it over to Rick and Mike. Rick's got some first-hand experience, insights into what's happening in Brazil recently. But we're seeing North America market moving nicely. Our products starting to -- moving at the recent posted prices, and that was prices before the China contract was announced and we don't see that slowing down. Rick, what do you see happening in Brazil?
Richard N. McLellan: I think the prices that are in Brazil right now have reflected some changes over the last 2 to 3 months. But I think the key takeaway is the value for the farmer, whether it be in Brazil or whether it be in North America, or the amount of dollars spent to put crop nutrients into their crop for this next year has probably never been lower and is a great value at where it's at. I think the other piece that you have to understand is the market is 2 markets. The Brazil, North American market is a granular market. The Chinese market and the Indian market and the Malaysia, Indonesia market is standard. And inventory levels for granular product or blend grade product were low and we saw a build of standard product. So Mike, back to you.
Michael Rahm: Yes, the only thing I would add there is Jim mentioned the tale of 2 hemispheres. It's really a tale of 2 hemispheres and a tale of 2 grades of potash. And in the Western Hemisphere, we have seen record shipments of P & K during the fall season, which we define as June through November. If you look at shipments in Brazil P & K, they also are at record levels, up I believe 6% this year on the tail of 11% increase the year before. So P & K demand in the Western Hemisphere, frankly, is booming. And as Rick said, it's a granular market, and the markets in Asia are on their tail to some extent, and that largely is a standard market.
James T. Prokopanko: David, understand -- it's important that these farm economics and the relative price of fertilizer -- the price of fertilizer relative to grain prices -- haven't been better in the last 10 or 15 years. Just a terrific situation for the farmer customers. They are going to be applying fertilizer in good volumes, and they don't want to miss the opportunity to produce maximum yields given these near-historic high grain prices. And it's a different game in North America and the Southern Hemisphere. Larger farms, larger commercial farms, larger application equipment and I think bigger potential to impact yields than they do in some of the Eastern markets. So the fertilizer prices as a percentage of the total farm income statement is -- the cost side, it's pretty small.
James T. Prokopanko: And I just want to conclude and say that -- and reiterate our 3 key messages. First, ag economics are extremely strong around the world. Second, we're dealing with some short-term challenges that have begun to resolve themselves. And third, our balance sheet strength uniquely positions us to take advantage of opportunities. And finally, our confidence in Mosaic's future has never been stronger. Our critical mission of helping the world grow the food it needs holds great promise for our customers, our employees, our communities and for you, our shareholders. Thanks for joining us. Have a great day, and have a great year.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-10-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: 
 : James T. Prokopanko – President, Chief Executive Officer James C. O'Rourke – Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President - Operations Richard L. Mack Esq. – Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary Richard N. McLellan – Senior Vice President – Commercial Mike Rahm – VP Market Analysis
Analysts: Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ben Isaacson – Scotiabank GBM Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan Don Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group Jacob Bout – CIBC World Markets David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities Kevin Mccarthy – BofA Merrill Lynch Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole Securities Matthew Cowen – Barclays Michael Piken – Cleveland Research Bill Carroll – UBS 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Mosaic Company’s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. After the Company completes their prepared remarks, the lines will be open to take your questions. Your host for today’s call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura C. Gagnon: Thank you. And welcome to our First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions. We also have – Larry will discuss key drivers of the segment results as well as provide insight into future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call the statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on managements’ beliefs and expectations as of today’s date October 2, 2012 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from projected results. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the SEC. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning. Thank you for joining our first quarter earnings discussion. I am pleased to report that Mosaic delivered another solid quarter despite a wide array of external and logistical challenges. Today, I have three goals. First, to help you understand the various external factors both economic and sentiment related that are impacting our business. Second, to review our results and progress on strategic objectives and finally to convey our confidence in Mosaic’s very bright long-term future. Simply put, we want to be the world’s leading crop nutrition company and we believe we are well on our way to achieving that vision. First a quick review of the numbers. We reported operating earnings of $610 million on revenue of $2.5 billion for the quarter. The potash business contributed $416 million and the phosphates unit generated $208 million in operating earnings. In total, we reported earnings per share of $1.01 which includes $0.02 per share of negative impact from notable items. It’s important to point out that we continue to maintain a very strong cash position with $3.6 billion of cash on hand. I can’t remember another time in my career when so many of the outside influences that impact our business and global food supply were so volatile. Mother Nature has left much of the planet very thirsty, while also battering us with tropical storms, hurricanes and heavy rainfall in Canada. The North American drought pushed grain and oil seed prices to record highs and the situation is compounded by the growing logistical challenge of the receding the Mississippi River. Drought has depleted the corn crop in the U.S. Heartland, the wheat harvest in Russia and rice in India. Global grain and oil seed stocks are dropping quickly and reaching dangerously low levels. Farmers know this well, and they will once again have strong incentive to maximize yields in the coming seasons. It will likely take two years of trend yields to get stocks back to secure the levels.
 : As a result of the historically high grain and oil seed prices, crop nutrients are as affordable as they’ve ever been, as the slide makes clear. Remember it was only a few months ago when experts were predicting some $4 dollar corn, even if grain and oil seed prices were to drop significantly, we would expect to continue to deliver strong results. Financial returns on the farm in many parts of the world are at record levels. The USDA predicts U.S. farmers will realize record cash income and gain in 2012, for the third consecutive year or even part by payouts of crop insurance. In India, cash payouts and farmer returns are increasing along with higher on farm prices for nutrients. And in Brazil, economics remained strong and farmers there are expected to plant record acres of beans and corns. We expect the markets to remain temperamental for the near future. So I’ll focus there for a few minutes. We are often asked, why crop nutrient prices have lost the historical correlation to grain and oil seed prices. The short answer is sentiment and risk aversion. Our own Dr. Mike Rahm, recently published in depth commentary on this subject in our Market Mosaic, publication, which you can find on our website that I’ll summarize briefly here. When fertilizer prices spiked in 2008, the commodity markets in general were reaching new heights. Remember that oil hit a $145 a barrel and demand for oil persisted. The macro economic environment today is considerably weaker. Because of that and other external factors including weather and uncertainty of North American application rates, we’re seeing a continued high level of risk aversion from our customers to distributors. They don’t want to get stuck on the wrong side of a potential price decline. So they are keeping the fertilizer bins nearly empty. For potash, shipments are being impacted by the delayed China and India contracts along with more production capacity coming on line. This has led the market to assume there will be readily available supply later in the season, which in turn makes it easy for distributors to differ purchase decisions. It’s important to distinguish between sentiment impacting recent food market trends which continues rapidly and economic fundamentals which will drive long-term performance. A change in sentiment usually starts with a catalyst. Let me describe a few possibilities. In potash, standard grade is plentiful, with granular have different story. Producer inventories of standard grade potash were high because of delayed shipments to India and China. Once these shipments materialize and believe me they will, inventories are likely to drop, thus changing market sentiment. In phosphates, supply uncertainties remain, with low and declining North American producer inventories, some Mosaic production constraints, continued delays with the modern startup and 30% lower exports from China. And finally, uncertainties surrounding farmer demand resulting from the 2012 drought is already beginning to resolve favorably. The impact of accelerating demand maybe exacerbated by logistical issues presented by the low river levels which may lead to issues with timely delivery for raw fertilizer demand in North America. Any of these factors can create customer concerns about availability and price which could change sentiment very quickly, in which case sentiment will catch up with a very favorable fundamentals I described earlier. Now, I’ll move on to the potash market. As you’re well aware, our expansion then the tolling agreement reversion will give us significantly increased capacity. And we are confident that long-term demand for the product will grow. The current dip in demand we believe is essentially a timing issue and we’re beginning to see improving dealer sentiment North America and elsewhere. In fact, I was with our global sales team late last month and I heard a very positive tone from that group, representing all the major agricultural markets. Dealers are going to fill their beans at some point and we will have the product ready for them. And next year, we expect record demand for potash, with global demand reaching 58 million tons to 60 million tons. To meet the long-term demand, we are continuing to execute our potash expansion projects and they remain on budget and on time. As an example, and as you can see in our slides, our Esterhazy K3 head frame is now in place, claiming the title as the tallest structure in Saskatchewan. While we expect demand to pick up, we are also aware of new supply coming on line. Over the next few years, we expect the operating rates across the industry to remain high as new capacity lags increasing demand. At Mosaic, we will continue to meet that demand. The phosphates market in contrast with potash is very tight. We and producers have low inventories of finished product because of high demand, the situation that has been exacerbated by plant turnarounds and production and logistics disruptions. Global supply uncertainty continues to tighten the market. We expect a 6% to 8% increase in global phosphate shipments in calendar 2012, followed by a 3% to 5% increase in 2013 to a record level of 64 million to 66 million tons. Overall, our two business units generated solid performance given the market conditions and various operating challenges during the quarter. It’s clear that our results are benefiting from our diversification with leadership positions in two essential crop nutrients. More important, we continue to make good progress on our strategy and Mosaic is positioned for long term success. With that, I’ll ask Larry Stranghoener to take you through our financial performance and outlook. After that, I’ll conclude with some further thoughts on the market center future. Larry?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. We delivered solid results despite weak market sentiment and the logistical issues that Jim mentioned. As you can see on my first slide, revenues were down year-over-year. Phosphate revenues were down 30% due to both lower volume and pricing. Potash revenues were up 10% reflecting flat year-over-year average pricing and higher volumes. That said, the year-over-year comparisons mask the divergence we’ve seen between the potash and phosphate markets over the past six months. As Jim said, tight phosphate markets are driving higher pricing and slower potash markets are leaving prices flat to slightly down. Net operating earnings were down in the quarter as a result of lower revenues. Note that our consolidated gross margin rate increased year-over-year from 28% to 30%. Moving to the potash segment, operating earnings were up as a result of higher revenues. Our margin rate was down due to higher brine management expenses, and the impact of planned maintenance shutdowns, partially offset by a $34 million benefit from an unrealized gain on derivatives. During the quarter, the potash operating rate was low at 65%, primarily as a result of extended plant shutdowns to tie and new expansion projects. Given the weakness in international demand, we took the opportunity to take extra days for turnarounds resulting in 119 turnaround days this quarter compared to 76 a year ago. These dynamics lead to our lowest quarterly production levels in over two years. Sales volumes met our expectations, while pricing was higher than our guidance. Though North American producer inventory levels remained higher than average, we have seen declines three months in a row. For Mosaic, there was a notable difference by type and grade of product. Much of our inventory is standard grade and blend grade product is much more limited. Brine management cost was $67 million for the quarter considerably higher than the year ago, but consistent with last quarter. Most of the incremental spent continues to go toward advanced technologies including horizontal drilling. We expect second fiscal quarter cost to be similar to the first. We also expect fiscal 2013 cost to exceed the fiscal 2012 level although we expect the quarterly run rate to decline in the second half of fiscal 2013. While costs have been elevated, I should remind you that our production at Esterhazy has never been effected by brine inflow and Esterhazy remains cost competitive. Before I move on to phosphates, I want to explain the dynamics of our tolling agreement and our Canpotex allocation process. The tolling agreement reversion goes into effect in January and all else being equal that would increase our Canpotex allocation from 37% to 43%. To-date, these tolling tons, approximately 1 million annually have not been included in our tons sold metric. We sell these tons at costs and both the revenue and the cost of good sold income statement lines reflect this. Based on the tons shipped to PCS and market prices we received during fiscal 2012, selling these tons for our own account would have increased fiscal 2012 gross margin by over $200 million. Going forward, the impact will depend upon prices and volume sold which in turn could be impacted by further changes in Canpotex allocations. Canpotex allocations are subject to change on January 1 or July 1 of each year, but only a number brings expansion projects online after conducting an audited proving run substantiating the increased capacity. If the new peaking capacity is higher than the old capacity, the Canpotex allocation is modified accordingly. In the phosphate segment, both volumes and prices were down year-over-year. Shipments to major export markets especially India were down and shipments were also effected by the production, logistical and weather issues we’ve mentioned. We began the quarter with very low inventories, and during the quarter our chemicals plant were down roughly twice as long as in prior years due to more extensive planned annual maintenance, as well as delays due to tropical storm Debby. Additionally our facilities in Louisiana lost to weaker production due to hurricane Isaac. As a result our chemical plant operating rate during the quarter was 81%. Prices rebounded from our fourth quarter with an average selling price increase of $35 per ton which was inline with our expectations and guidance. Our gross margin rate was flat sequentially as expected. Lower rock costs were offset by higher ammonia costs, lower concentrated operating rates, and a seasonally higher proportion of lower margin blend products. Blends constituted 28% of sales tons in this segment versus 18% last quarter. As in the past, we’ve included raw material cost in the appendix to our earnings presentation. Next quarter, we expect to continuing positive impact from lower rock costs and a lower proportion of blend volumes offset by higher ammonia costs. We expect the second quarter gross margin rate for this segment to be relatively flat with the first fiscal quarter rates. Phosphate mine productivity remains a highlight. South Fort Meade is now back to full operation and we have replenished our rock inventories. Phosphate rock production in Florida was 3.8 million metric tons in the quarter compared to 2.8 million tons last year. We expect to resume shipping Florida rock across the Gulf of Mexico to our Louisiana operations later this month, which will lower the use of third party purchased rock. During the quarter, our Florida team achieved significant sustainability improvements in water use allowing us to cancel a $50 million investment in treatment facilities. That win resulted in a $7 million asset write-down related to frontend engineering for the project. Before concluding, I’ll provide updates to our guidance. We expect second quarter potash volumes to range from 1.6 million tons to 1.9 million tons. To reach the upper-end of the range we would need a return of demand from India and China. Given current demand we are experiencing price pressure, but we expect prices to remain in the range of $420 to $450 per ton. We expect operating rates to be above 70% assuming no benefit from foreign exchange in the potash segment cost of good sold, continued low operating rates will pressure the gross margin rate in the second quarter. In phosphates, second quarter sales volumes are expected to range from 3.0 million to 3.4 million tons. Our ability to reach the high-end of that range depends on a strong fall application season as well as highly effective operating execution in our phosphates facilities. Tight markets are likely to continue, increasing our expected average price to a range of $520 to $550 per ton. Operating rates should improve sequentially. We continue to expect our capital expenditures to be in our guidance range of $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion even with additional capital we have committed to conduct front-end engineering technology and permitting work to expand our ammonia facilities. We expect to reach a decision on this project by the end of this calendar year. Now back to Jim for his concluding comments.
James T. Prokopanko:  Thanks Larry. This year’s global harvest is coming in much smaller than expected. You’ll recall that spring in North America started with great expectations for a record corn crop with 96 million acres planted. The rain necessary to nourish all that corn never arrived and wide swaths of the crop withered, hot and dry conditions were a norm across the globe, with crops damaged from the Black Sea nations to India and China. The harsh climates and commodity prices are a powerful rally, and ultimately these conditions will drive strong demand for crop nutrients in the coming 18 months. This summer reminds us once again that food security is very fragile. You heard me speak on the subject before, but it is worthy of repetition. The world will go to 9 million people by 2050, and human prosperity is also rising, bringing with it demand for higher quality food. Many estimate state that a billion people are now under nourished, so global agriculture challenge is great. We have to vastly increase food production with very little additional land devoted to farming, which means crop yields must increase. Farmers simply cannot meet the demand without balanced crop nutrition, and Mosaic is here to help them raise to that challenge. Mosaic has unique strengths, our global reach, our innovation, our capital and our assets not only to make an important contribution to feeding the world, but also to outperform of competitors and deliver value to our shareholders. Our story is long in the future, because the future is enormously promising for Mosaic. We continue to make important strides so that we can realize that promise. Our programs to achieve operating excellence are bearing fruit. Our phosphate mines are delivering record productivity, our safety performance continues to build on our excellent 2012 results and our sustainability work continues to deliver meaningful value for our communities and shareholders. Our innovation lead is increasing, micro essentials has gaining and ever growing share with the phosphate market and we continue to make progress in our process technologies. Our potash expansions are on time and on budget. During our planned turnaround at Esterhazy, we integrated our new K2 plant. Over the next few months, this capacity will be available to meet our customers’ needs when demand rebounds and our capital strength continues to differentiate Mosaic. We have the capital and cash flow to withstand market swings, to seize compelling growth opportunities as they arise, to fund our ongoing potash expansion projects, and to return capital to shareholders. Overall, we feel great about the foundation we’ve built in eight years as a public company and we feel even better about our ability to fulfill our mission to help the world grow the food it needs. Now, we’ll take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley, your line is open.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning everyone. I just have a couple of questions about China. First, if we look at where retail prices have gone in China, in recent weeks it have been going down and the present prices looks like it was very difficult for the importers to roll the contract over at a flat price and actually make any profit filling the product in country. So it is what we are looking at that we need the inventory levels in China to come down so that local prices can go up there in order for you to settle or how should we be thinking about that dynamic?
James T. Prokopanko: Hello, good morning, Vincent. You got it about right. There is a good inventories of potash and you are referring to potash of course…
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Yes.
James T. Prokopanko: Good inventories of potash in China and that is – and so that’s given the cushion to differ moving on a nearby contract. What will happen over the next few months is that, NPK production is going to start building, inventory is going to start drawing down, and they are going to be faced with having to replenish their potash pipeline. So this market will clear, we’ve got to find that price, it hasn’t happened yet, but it’s just the matter of weeks or couple of months before that will happen. I’m going to ask Richard McLellan to add some color on the China market if he would like to. Rick?
Richard N. McLellan:  Yeah. Thanks Jim. Good morning Vincent. In China, we’re seeing the domestic prices decrease, so the retail prices to the farmer and this is reflected from lower import prices coming in by (inaudible) into the north. There’s no contract, but spot prices have decreased above $20 a ton. And part of that I think is the – is an indication that we will be able to roll over the existing price in today’s market situation, but we still will find the clearing price to go to China as soon as inventories are cleaned up.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So just to follow-up, I guess it sounds like you’re saying you’re expecting to settle China not flat but actually down. It’s just the question of when you do that. Is that correct? 
Richard N. McLellan: The market situation right now would tell us that prices we look forward will be difficult at this time. I won’t make the comment about what we expect to close it at, we just know that they will have to clean those inventory.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, and just as lastly, as a follow-up, and your guidance for the first quarter when you talk about the high end being a function of when you settle India and China, we’re obviously already a month into the quarter and you’re talking about weeks or maybe months before you settle India, so can you just give us a sense of what that volume guidance range would be ex India and China.
James T. Prokopanko: Frankly we’ve got in our guidance, tons going to India, and India and China at the end of the quarter. And our guidance range would, if nothing happens in both markets, would move to the lower end of the guidance, closer to the mid point.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Market. Your line is open.
Joel D. Jackson – BMO Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning thank you. I just want to talk about your cost, maybe you can give a bit of guidance or your trend (inaudible), ammonia pricing on – you mentioned some commentary on your rock purchases, so maybe give some commentary on how you see rock purchases going forward and meet the possibility to send the rock market. And finally also if the current – is the current brine management cost at Esterhazy, is that a good run rate going forward?
James T. Prokopanko:  Yeah, good day Joel. So you have two questions, one on the input cost and brine management cost. So I am going to have Joc O'Rourke speak to that or operations related.
James C. O'Rourke:  Okay, Joel good morning.
Joel D. Jackson – BMO Capital Markets: Good morning.
James C. O'Rourke: I’ll take these one at a time, first of all ammonia price, we’ve seen ammonia price increasing over the last couple of quarters. We expect that be flat or slightly up over the next few quarters. Rock purchases, importantly as we’ve increased our rock production in Florida, we’re now on a situation where later this month we’ll start exporting from Florida to Louisiana which will bring down our net cost of rock fairly significantly as we stop using – or stop, use a lot less import rocks than we have in the past. So that expects prices there to come down. Sulphur flat probably over the next couple of quarters. In terms of brine management, as Larry mentioned in his text, we expect cost to be similar for the next quarter and then declining for the second half of this fiscal year.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: And Joel, it’s Larry Stranghoener, if I could just clarify a comment Joc made, when Joc referred to flat ammonia prices, he was referring to current purchase prices for ammonia. The cost of ammonia we actually realized in the first quarter will likely go up substantially in the second quarter and then remain sort of at those levels for the rest of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank, your line is now open.
Ben Isaacson – Scotiabank GBM: Thank you very much. I was hoping we could spend a little bit more time on MicroEssentials just understanding how it’s progressing in the various markets and what the strategy is going forward.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Ben. Thanks for asking that question. MicroEssentials has been a real success – innovation success story at Mosaic. It’s a product that’s between ourselves and our legacy company. It’s been worked on for 10 years and we are really quite thrilled with the take-up that we are seeing in the market. We’ve expanded our production to now with capacity of almost 2.3 million tons of MicroEssential product production capacity, that’s nearly a quarter of our phosphate capacity and I think the numbers of phosphate tons that we are selling, 1 ton in 10 tons of phosphate sold in the U.S. is a MicroEssentials ton. So in a really short period of time, we’ve really brought a value added product to the market really benefitting the farmers. I’m going to ask Rick to give some details on what’s happening in terms of margins and cost production of that material.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah. Good morning, Ben. As Jim said, we are seeing very good market penetration in North America, but we’re also focusing on South America as well. We’ve seen a consistent increase in Brazil of the amount of product being used and I think the most important piece to take away is farmers are using these products and dealers are selling them because they are increasing yield, and this is about creating more value for the dealer as well as ourselves and the farmer, and that’s where our focus is on. Our pricing, we’re generating more margins on a per ton basis as well as we’re growing our business with those customers that we do MicroEssentials with. So it’s been a significant component of our phosphate go to market strategy and we continue to see that increasing and we’ll be looking for other opportunities to expand production.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi. Your line is open.
P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup Global Markets:  Yes, hi good morning. Jim what is the impact of any residual P&K that is left in the soil in the U.S. after low yields? And do you believe that growers are likely to test their soils first and then possibly delay the fertilizer application to the spring?
James T. Prokopanko:  Well good day. Good day P.J., good to hear from you. Yeah it’s a topical question getting much discussion in the industry in the farm markets. First, the question about residual P&K in the soil, P&K, I think you’re aware unlike nitrogen is residual in the soil for some period after it’s been applied. So when you apply a ton or 100 pounds of these to a field it’s going to be there for a couple of years. But at the same time, when you apply it, it is not all readily available to the plant. So if you apply 100 pounds of phosphate to a field, it’s going to take three to five years for that to be completely available to the farm field. So yes, the droughts in some badly effected drought areas, the P&K take up by the plants might not have been as much they were in a normal year. However, most soils in the U.S. don’t have the necessary levels of P&K in the soil. So farmers have been drawing down on the P&K banks in many parts of the country and they didn’t start with a healthy balance. So we believe that they’ll be in the worst effected areas, Indiana, Illinois, where we saw some pretty dramatic yield reductions. We’re seeing – we would see a bit of a tail or drop-off on the phosphate and potash application. But they didn’t have a surplus to start. So we think that this coming year in some areas we can see a reduced – reduction of P&K. However, offsetting that is we went into the summer season following this past spring with warehouse stocks very much depleted, there is nothing to pull on.  So the pipelines after we feel some farmers may use a little less P&K this year, the net result for us is that our sales that should be similar this coming fall season as they were last year. Now farmers, now do testing, they test, it’s a good agronomic practice once every three years. I think it would be good to, smart for farmers to test the soil, see with the P&K is, but with the high-high grain prices, oil seeds, corn, wheat the incentive is strong for farmers to plan to maximum yielding crops and that is going to take strong fertilizer application rates to get there. [Audio Gap] I’ll turn it over to Rick to talk about what’s happening from his perspective with dealers as a result of this drought.
Richard N. McLellan:  Yeah, good morning. I think one of the things I just add on to Jim’s comment on soil testing. It happened to be at a lunch and sat with a guy that operates a major Midwestern soil testing lab and he has never been busy. So farmers are going to test to see what’s in the soil, but I think we are getting feedback from the dealers now as harvesters getting to the midway point that because of strong commodity prices improved in some areas rains after Hurricane Isaac as well as demand for winter wheat planting. We are seeing growers, our dealers move from what had been planned to be a very conservative fall application season moving back to one that at least at average if not slightly above.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Zekauskas – JPMorgan : Thanks, two-part question. I think your original estimate of brine info cost that you made in February was 170 to 180 for fiscal ‘12 and you came in at 206 and now you’re annualizing at roughly call it 270. So what happened? Why are the costs greater?  And second, I think China has imported something like 5.5 million tons so far this year versus 4 million last year, so they are up 32% and I guess pretty much all the other potash producers other than Canpotex have really lifted their volumes into China and Canpotex is down about 20%. So can you talk about the dynamic such that Canpotex [seems to be doing] a lot less business in the China market and then what that might mean for trying to purchases to the end of the year.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Jeff, thank you. I’m going to have [Jeff] talk about what’s happened with the brine cost and what some of the new actions we are taking in (inaudible) and then I’ll return to your China potash performing.
Unidentified Company Representative : Thanks, Jeff. In terms of our brine, we have increased our spending and particularly that’s our new technology such as horizontal drilling. More recently we’ve been using some latex growth et cetera to really aggressively manage our brine, but we do expect this cost to decrease in the second half of fiscal year as Larry mentioned. Remember also, we had never affected production in the 25 years that we’ve been managing this brine, so we think we’re doing everything we can to aggressively fix the problem. And I’ll hand it over back to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko : Jeff, the potash question, which I know is a good question, yes we were down, we’re seeing China imports up 32%, 33% over the year, and that as Rick mentioned is coming from northern borders rail shipments into China. So although Canpotex has lost some tons in China, we’ve had that made up in other parts of Asia, Indonesia, Malaysia we’re seeing very strong sales into those markets. And so in the end, we’re not seeing a net-net, we’re looking at a year for Canpotex its going to be largely unchanged, products moved around a bit, little bit more into Brazil, good bit more into Southeast Asia, and the economics are working at this point in time for some of the Russian product to be a better fit into the Chinese market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial. Your line is open.
Don Carson – Susquehanna Financial Group:  Thank you. Jim, a question on your potash slide on 9, where I guess you get a rather bullish case for fiscal ‘13 that the shipments will rebound. Question would be where have you seen the most destocking and is your forecast for shipment increase in ‘13 driven by higher consumption or a rebuilding of inventories or some combination of both?
James T. Prokopanko: Good day, Don. Good to hear from you. What we’re seeing on destocking question is North America this past spring has really destocked that pipeline. Recall that going into the spring, we had a huge crop expected lot of acreage planted and people were getting ready for sub $4 corn and as a result people were careful about not being stuck with inventory going into the summer, so the inventories were low there.  We’re seeing [in India destocking] of the pipeline as a result of the government subsidy program, the farmers haven’t been changed were the subsidy payment for potash and phosphate was reduced, netting in a result of higher fertilizer prices to farmers, farmers reduced PNK use and they just put more nitrogen. And now it’s interesting you see the fertilizer industry in India starting to lobby for lower subsidy payments to farmers on nitrogen to get it back into balance. They’ve just gotten so far out of whack in balance. And those are the principle markets where we seem to destocking, North America and India. And I’m going to just ask Rick, if he’d like to add to that answer.
Richard N. McLellan: Good morning, Don. I can’t add much more Jim other than we see the market in Brazil pretty brisk demand. They started with inventory to begin the year and they’re on a record phase for shipments to continue from the first half and we expect their inventories to be drawn down as well. And then if you look in the phase of strong agricultural fundamentals for 2013 that will in turn dry up the demand side. So we’re going to see supply clean out and we’re going to see demand increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC. Your line is open.
Jacob Bout – CIBC World Markets: Good morning. Maybe just a follow-on on slide 9 there. So looking at the growth and your forecasted demand from 2012 to 2013, looks like you are seeing basically going from 53 million to 59 million tons. What is your assumption on the potash pricing there? And effectively, what I’m trying to get out here is, how sensitive do you think the potash demand in 2013 is going to be to potash pricing? And maybe you can talk specifically on your thoughts on that sensitivity in Brazil, India and U.S.?
James T. Prokopanko: Good day, Jacob. That is an excellent question for our Dr. Michael Rahm to answer.
Mike Rahm: Good morning, Jacob. You are right that we have about a 6 million ton increase projected for 2013. About two-thirds of that comes from India, North America, and Indonesia, Malaysia. And so in terms of pricing, when you look at farm economics, particularly in India as well as North America, rice economics in India are at record highs. Wheat economics are probably the second best ever and in North America very strong economics. So I think as Jim alluded to earlier with potential modifications in the subsidy in India, we expect a very good rebound there.  And in the case of North America, we’re seeing 18% rebound in shipments in North America due to swings in the pipeline and for the first two months of the year, we’ve seen shipments increase 17%. So I think in terms of the price assumptions, we see fairly stable outlook for prices and given strong farm economics, we think that translates into a big increase in potash shipments in 2013.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Securities : Good morning. Mike, on a similar question on pricing and the hopeful convergence of North American, Chinese and the Indian prices, you are trying to sell down 20,000 ton this year. Does that have to – in the near term bring down U.S. prices or is that just delay the eventual convergence of those two metrics. And just lastly on Brazil despite the strong demand, we’ve seen price (inaudible) function of increased competition, globally weak supply demand or is there something else underlying that why [are billion] prices high given the strong demand.
James T. Prokopanko : Hello David, we have Dr. Rahm answer your first question and Rick McLellan will answer the second question about Brazil pricing.
Mike Rahm: Yeah, I think it’s important to, as we alluded to in the commentary that you have to distinguish between standard and granular product. Standard product in terms of the large Asian markets, there is simply more inventory of that product than granular. So I think there is a distinction between those two prices. In the case of Brazil, we have a situation where given the slower movement in some of the other markets, there has been a strong competition for demand in that particular market. Rick, I’ll pass it over to you in terms of other comments.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, I think David, if you want to think about where you need to see convergence, we need to see convergence of import blend grade in the Brazil market. And as we came into this quarter, they were fairly close to be in even and so looking at prices because standard product goes into different markets, it can show this international price to be larger than what it really is. So we’ve seen pressure in Brazil. Mike did a good job of describing just what’s happening there, it’s a time period. We’ve seen prices slide there about $30 a ton. We had planned a price increase in North America of about $25 a ton and that is not going to take place. So we are going to continue to see the Brazil market and the North America market find a price where it’s going to operate at and they are relatively close as they are today.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Mccarthy from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kevin Mccarthy – BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes, good morning. I guess my question relates to prospects for international potash shipments, maybe two parts. First part on Canpotex allocation, you’ve indicated the step-up from 37% to 43% in January. Could you comment on how that 43% is likely to change over the next year or two as various industry participants prove out capacity.  And then second piece, I take the 43% versus 37%, it implies something like 16% step-up on a tonnage basis or else how constant? Your forecast obviously is that we’ll see growth in places like India, Indonesia, Malaysia et cetera. So if I boil all that down, would it be reasonable to expect growth in the 20% plus range from January for Mosaic in international markets?
James T. Prokopanko: Good day, Kevin. Sorry, I got your first question but I didn’t quite catch the full second question, second part of your question. So we will allow you to ask that one more time, but I’ll first address the 37% to 43%, that you got the math right and that is correct assuming there will be no other member of Canpotex is undertaking approving run which we wouldn’t know about, that usually is fairly confidential and kept in-house. So we don't know if somebody else is running a mine, but we are not aware of that being the case. So with the reversion of the tons, we go from 37% to 43% and I know what we have coming is our Esterhazy expansion.  We are on the edge of doing a proving run that. We don't expect that to be completed this calendar year, so we won’t make the January date. So once we get that [done which will be] some time next year, we will have the opportunity to increase again our Canpotex share whatever we approved above our current peaking capacity in Canpotex. If other members have a proving one that they are running more accurate in the gate one of those. So, also I know is fairly confident that beginning January 1, we will have a 43% share of Canpotex. And I am going to ask you just to ask that question one more time.
Kevin Mccarthy – BofA Merrill Lynch: Yeah, apologizes for my inelegantly stated second piece of it. I’m just trying to get at the compounding effect of a rising Canpotex allocation coupled with what looks to be forecast for rising demand as well in the international markets that Canpotex serves. So for example, if I look at Mike’s forecast for something [like 59 million] tons on a base of 53 million tons, that looks to be a 11% growth globally. I think there is a strong contribution within that from the international markets that Canpotex would serve as well. So, if I couple the two of the higher allocation rate and the growth overseas might that imply something on the order of 20% growth for Mosaic’s specifically in international potash nutrient.
James T. Prokopanko:  Sorry, all are being equal Kevin, your math is, your math is generally correct.
Kevin Mccarthy – BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CSLA. Your line is open.
Mark Connelly – Credit Agricole Securities: Thank you Jim, just one question, as we watch ammonia prices by [cal] concern should we be that, it isn’t moving into DAP faster, and given your comments on DAP it seems like that market should be skin tight and we ought to be able to take advantages of these rising ammonia prices are at least past from through more quickly, I’m just wondering how much concern we should have about next quarter maybe getting a little bit squeezed?
James T. Prokopanko: Good day Mark. Good question, right now we are just on the crust of the fall season for North America. So yes we’ve seen ammonia prices have strengthened, getting that pass through we have inventory of course, so we have to work that down first. But until we really see the North American market product go from dealers to the farms, dealers replenishing their inventories, and we believe that is coming, we’ll start seeing some strengthening to phosphate prices, and we’re showing increasing phosphate prices in our guidance going forward. Larry, would you do…
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Yeah, I would just add that. Mark, when we see some headwinds from ammonia cost (inaudible). But on the other hand see some benefits from continuing reductions at rock costs, which is a very good new story. And we’ll see more percentage of plans on our phosphate sales going forward. So all in all, we would expect to see a gross margin in the second quarter, similar to the first. And then with some of these trends and continuing positive pricing momentum, continuing into the second half of late period and improved gross margin in the second half of (inaudible).
Operator:
 :
Matthew Cowen – Barclays:  Hey good morning, it’s Matthew Cowen. Could you just talk a little bit about the potential impact of the lower levels through the end of the rest of the calendar year on phosphate shipments and whether that’s just a matter of being able to procure the trucks and the rail needed to bypass the river? Whether that’s something that you are able to do? And then what kind of additional cost that would add to the delivered price and if there is any worry about demand may be not being robust enough to face the additional cost? Thanks.
James T. Prokopanko: Hello Matthew, those three question for Rick McLellan, our commercial leader to answer.
Richard N. McLellan: Hey good morning Matthew. What we’re seeing on the frankly barge movements up the river, is their move being slower, their toes are smaller, and barges are getting field later, so all that makes the trip up the river fairly lengthy trip. We are seeing is that product is getting, we’re moving product in by rail into our warehouse system. And that’s catching up, but the rail cost is probably $10 slightly higher a ton on a delivered basis, if you wanted to take look at to most markets. But the offset is that is a product in warehouses isn’t unsold then it will see stronger pricing on a warehouse is up country then may be as reflect it at the Gulf or in Central Florida. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carroll from UBS. Your line is open.
Bill Carroll – UBS: Good morning, thank you. As you continue your feasibility study for an ammonia plant? Can you share some of what you learn so far in terms of costs and [setting] issues, timing et cetera? And how they might compare with what you had expected going in?
James T. Prokopanko : Good morning Bill, good question. With these ammonia prices you can well see in the cost of gas, you can see the attraction that ammonia has had to investors and despite some resistance by current producers saying it was not going to happen when you’re making $400 to $500 ton gross margin on ammonia production, you’re going to track new facilities. And so there is been of a bit of gold rush to building nitrogen plants, everybody has to have won and no wonder when you have 350 gas and $700, $800 ammonia that’s which you’re going to get.  So we expect that with the rash of announcements that we’ve seen. We will see more ammonia plants being built. We believe the further step ahead in our deliberations and analysis of this were best equipped I think to make use that ammonia being our self short about million tons of ammonia. So it looks like a very good project to us, lot of lot of attention and it looks like the very attractive kind of investment. So I’m going to ask Joc, our work operations leader who’s reviewing this project to tell you what is learned in last year of assessment.
James C. O'Rourke: Thanks Bill. Carrying on from more Jim is, I think we are three parts, you’re asking capital cost, operating cost, and locations, clearly from a capital cost perspective. There is demand, because there is as Jim mentioned, bit of a gold rush for these plants. So there’s probably a little bit of an extra demand for contractors and stuffs, so we may see a small escalation in cost of what we originally looked at, but in terms of operating costs 80% of the cost of making ammonia is straight from natural gas. So that we’re pretty comfortable that’s no change. In terms of location where we’re going to be, and we’ve got a number of options still open to us and that will depend on the cost of building in those places are permitting and just the overall, what would you say, overall feasibility of each of those locations compared to each other.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Michael Piken from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Michael Piken – Cleveland Research: Hi good morning. Just a quick question on Brazil and understanding the logistics there, we talked a little bit about the river levels here in the U.S. but that we felt that there’s been a back up 30 to 60 days at some of the ports, and do you think that’s going to impact the policies in that all and in terms of being able to get the farmers everything they need, and we’re going to able to get everything in through the (inaudible) season as well and kind of what you can due to address that in the future? Thanks
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning Mike, we are raid on with the – concerning the question about Brazil logistics Rick McLellan, will give you some color on that.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, good morning Michael, it’s a timely question, I just came back a week from visiting our port facility at Paranagua, Brazil, the public ports there had above 45 days of weight for product coming in our own port was more or like 15. So couple of questions; the first one will this impact deliveries into Brazilian country for planting. Right now it’s – it’s close to just in time as I’ve ever seen it, and planting would have started at the first of September, I think you could have honestly said, we are going to experience some delayed deliveries. As it is, we’ve got to the 1 of October until we’ve seen significant kind of moves on bean planting. Everything is going to have to work right into Brazil to get the product into place, a lot of it is bought and paid for and farmers are going to be waiting for it to arrive. 
 :
James T. Prokopanko: With that I’m going to wrap up our call with these comments. Our first quarter results were impacted by very wide range of factors. Hurricane, drought, skittish markets, weak demand in India and China, low water in the Mississippi and I can go on from there. But I’d like to leave you with this thought. Well we can precisely predict the timing, global demand for potash and phosphates is going to increase and Mosaic is in an excellent position to meet the demand. Thank you all for joining us and have a safe morning. Good day. 
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-17 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon James T. Prokopanko - Chief Executive officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Rahm Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President of Commercial James C. O'Rourke - Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Daniel Jester - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's Fiscal 2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Laura.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on Mosaic's results, as well as current and future market conditions, and Larry will discuss key drivers of the segment results, as well as provide insight into future expectations. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, July 17, 2012, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued this morning and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our earnings discussion. I'm pleased to report that Mosaic concluded a very strong fiscal 2012 on a high note. The key messages I would like you to take away from today's call are these: first, external factors created some challenges for us and the rest of the industry; second, Mosaic made important and significant progress in fiscal 2012; and finally, prospects for our business this year and beyond are very positive. Mosaic is in an excellent position to achieve our vision of being recognized as the best crop nutrition company in the world. Before I begin, I draw your attention to the dividend announcement we made today. We will increase our annual dividend policy by 100% to $1 per share. This significant capital commitment to shareholder distributions comes after a 150% dividend increase just 5 months ago. So in total, we will have raised our dividend 400% this calendar year. This decision reflects our confidence in continuing to generate strong results and cash flow over the long term. In fiscal 2012 alone, we generated a record $2.7 billion in cash from operations. Even with the substantial dividend increase, we have ample financial flexibility to continue to invest in the business, as well as return additional capital to shareholders. Now let's review fiscal 2012 performance. I'll start with a view of the external factors that influenced our results, and then I'll discuss Mosaic's accomplishments. After Larry conducts the financial review, I will conclude with a review of what's ahead in Mosaic's bright future. In fiscal 2012, global crop nutrient markets were impacted by ongoing turmoil in India and by risk-averse behavior elsewhere. Customers around the globe decreased their inventories to avoid exposure to price uncertainty created by macroeconomic developments, including the European debt crisis, as well as unpredictable potential events in agricultural commodity and crop nutrient markets. Still, we finished the year with a fast and furious spring application season in North America and a strong start to what we forecast will be record shipments in Brazil this year. During the fourth quarter, the global potash and phosphate markets diverged as a result of different supply and demand dynamics impacting each nutrient. In the case of phosphate, the global market tightened and U.S. producer inventories dropped due to record and, in some cases, compressed demand in major consuming countries with the exception of India. We project that the global phosphate market will remain tight given the prospects of record shipments in 2013 and continued nagging supply uncertainties. In the case of potash, the global market is stable. World shipments are projected to decline this year as a result of a drop in demand in a few countries, particularly India, as well as a drawdown of large inventories in several of the major potash-consuming countries. As a consequence, producers filled warehouses and then throttled back production earlier this year. We estimate that distributors in several key countries de-stocked channel inventories during the first half of 2012 and are now either back in or on the brink of returning to the market. The best evidence of this is that Canpotex exported just over 1.4 million tonnes in the first quarter of 2012 and almost 3.1 million tonnes in the second quarter. North American statistics indicate that the domestic pipeline also is at low levels today and that dealers will need to restock for an expected strong fall application season. We project that the combination of this uptick in shipments coupled with normal summer maintenance will result in a significant drop in North American producer inventories and bring the market into better balance going into what we project will be a blockbuster 2013. Against those market factors, I feel great about our strategic progress and the strength we can exert as the world's largest producer of phosphates and potash. Simply put, I believe we have the most powerful combination of assets, talent, innovation and global reach in the crop nutrition industry. In fiscal 2012, we marshaled these strengths to sell about 19 million tonnes of crop nutrients to customers in approximately 40 countries. For the fiscal year, we posted record revenues and nearly $2 billion in earnings, capped off by increasing momentum in a strong fourth quarter. We achieved a return on invested capital of 15%, and we distributed a record $1.3 billion to shareholders or over 65% of net earnings. We executed well on many fronts during the year, and I would like to go through some highlights. Our program to improve operating excellence in our Phosphate business is now delivering annualized avoided costs and cash savings of over $200 million. We are committed to maintaining and improving our low-cost operating position. In fact, we have a 5-year plan that targets an additional $200 million in annual savings. We generated new records for phosphate rock production at our Four Corners and Wingate mines. Our cost per tonne at Four Corners continued to decline, and it is actually lower now than it was 5 years ago. We improved our leadership position in North America, particularly in phosphates. Our program to increase potash operating efficiency achieved annualized savings of $80 million, and we're continuing to identify ways to offset inflationary pressures in Saskatchewan. We invested more than $800 million on potash expansions during the year, and these projects remain on schedule and on budget. In fiscal 2013, we will begin a 2- to 3-year ramp-up of over 1 million tonnes of new potash expansion capacity, and I'm especially proud to report that we had our best year ever of safety performance. We recorded 32.2 million man-hours in the year, an all-time high, and we managed to reduce the number of days lost to injury by 54%. While a single injury is one injury too many, we're making great strides. In fact, in the fourth quarter, Mosaic employees worked 8.3 million hours, and we had just a single lost time injury. Mosaic expanded its innovation advantage in fiscal 2012, and we set a new record of sales of MicroEssentials. We have begun to produce and ship that product from our Faustina, Louisiana plant, as well as from Florida. At present, we have the capacity to manufacture 2.3 million tonnes of MicroEssentials per year. It's important to note that our innovations extend beyond products. Our cogeneration of electricity continues to reap important environmental and financial benefits and so do our innovative water reclamation and reuse programs. Fiscal 2012 also saw the resolution of some lingering uncertainties. Our South Fort Meade mine is ramping up production now that we have resolved litigation regarding the mine, and we expect it to be able to operate at full capacity soon. We have the capacity to produce 5.5 million tonnes of phosphate rock annually at South Fort Meade, which is one of the most efficient mines in the U.S. In May alone, we produced over 280,000 tonnes of rock at South Fort Meade. We also reached resolution of the dispute over a tolling agreement related to our Esterhazy potash mine. In January 2013, we will essentially have an additional 1.3 million tonnes of potash production peaking capacity at no capital cost to Mosaic. And we completed the initial formation offerings for the Cargill split-off, placing or repurchasing 157 million shares of stock. By the end of fiscal 2013, many of the deal-related tax restrictions will end, which will give us increased flexibility to return capital to shareholders. This year, we took several steps to improving our capital efficiency. We restructured our debt and reduced our average interest rate from 7.3% to 4.9% while increasing our average debt maturity to 15.7 years. We purchased 21.3 million shares for $1.2 billion, and as already noted, we will have increased our dividend by 400% in the past 6 months. All these accomplishments led to strong results and positions Mosaic well for the future, especially considering the external challenges. Now I'll turn it over to Larry to review our financial results, and then I'll come back to give you my thoughts on fiscal 2013. Larry?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thanks, Jim. Our solid results this quarter reflect the busy spring application season in North America and strong demand in South and Central America. For the quarter, consolidated revenues were down slightly year-over-year at $2.8 billion, with the decline primarily driven by lower phosphate pricing and lower potash volumes. As Jim indicated, we saw a divergence in potash and phosphate markets in the quarter. Phosphate demand and pricing strengthened, while potash remained stable. And while year-over-year results were down, we saw significant improvement versus our third quarter and finished the year on a strong note. We generated $1.2 billion in operating cash flow in the quarter and a record $2.7 billion for the fiscal year. As a result, we now have $3.8 billion in cash, and I should note that the vast majority of that cash, over $3 billion, is currently available to us. It is not restricted. Earnings per share in the quarter were $1.19. That number includes several items that negatively impacted EPS by $0.06. The foreign currency transaction gain of $0.02 per share reflects a gain related to movements in the Canadian dollar, offset by a loss related to the Brazilian real. The vast majority of the impact to this income statement line is noncash and noneconomic, though we also report the mark-to-market impact of hedging our future potash expansion spending. I'll address the other items in my segment commentary. In Potash, average pricing remained flat and slightly above our guidance range, primarily because of the mix of domestic and international volumes and the extended spring application season in North America. Volumes were at the upper end of our guidance range if we exclude the approximate 100,000-tonne impact of the Canadian rail strike. For the North American potash industry, producer inventory levels remained roughly flat during quarter and are higher than historical averages. It's important to remember that some inventory building is required to manage through normal summer shutdowns for maintenance. At Mosaic, we will also be doing some major expansion tie-ins, which will extend our downtime. Additionally, there is a notable difference in inventory levels by type and grade of the product. For Mosaic, much of our inventory is currently standard grade, and blend grade inventory is much more limited. The Potash gross margin was down year-over-year as a result of a $19 million swing in mark-to-market charges included in cost of goods sold, as well as lower operating rates and higher brine management costs. These higher operating costs were partially offset by lower resource taxes. Our previously announced curtailments resulted in an operating rate of 85%, down from 95% a year ago. Brine management costs were $63 million in the quarter, with most of the incremental spending going toward horizontal drilling technology as we managed higher average inflows in the second half of fiscal 2012. For fiscal year 2013, we expect brine management costs to remain roughly flat with 2012, assuming similar inflow rates. In addition, we are investing approximately $100 million of capital for new brine disposal capabilities. Because of current disposal constraints, we've increased the amount of brine stored underground until the new brine injection site is operational later this year. That said, we have substantial underground storage capacity remaining, and most importantly, we do not expect any of our brine management activities to impact mine operations. Resource tax declines were due in part to a change in our estimated completion date of sustaining capital investments. Moving on to the Phosphates business. For the quarter, average prices moved lower year-over-year but steadily increased during the quarter. Volumes were quite strong, driven by high demand in both North and South America. In fact, shipments to Central and South America offset the lack of shipments to India. In addition, we have seen significant interest in summer fill programs and have contracts in place for a substantial portion of the product we can deliver in the first quarter. Phosphates gross margins improved sequentially and exceeded our guidance range due to stronger sales of MicroEssentials and higher prices, which were driven by higher-than-expected demand. Operating earnings in the quarter reflect $21 million of additional asset retirement expense related to the closure of inactive facilities in Florida. Over time, a portion of this amount reflecting accelerated closure will lower future risks and costs. Raw material costs declined sequentially as expected. However, we are seeing increased pricing pressure on ammonia as supply has tightened. In the first quarter, we expect these higher raw material costs to impact our cost of goods sold. In addition, we expect a seasonal shift in our sales mix to more blends, which have a lower gross margin rate. All else equal, we expect that the first quarter Phosphates gross margin rate to be essentially flat with the fourth quarter with higher prices offsetting these cost increases. Before I turn it back to Jim, I'll provide some additional guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2013. We expect Potash volumes to be in the range of 1.8 million to 2.2 million tonnes and prices in the range of $415 to $440 per tonne. The sequential decline in price reflects both summer fill discount pricing and a shift to more international business. We expect operating rates to reflect the planned summer turnarounds but to remain above 70%. In Phosphates, sales volumes are expected to range from 2.5 million to 2.8 million tonnes. Tight markets are likely to continue, increasing our expected average price to a range of $510 to $535 per tonne. Operating rates will include scheduled turnarounds but are expected to remain above the 75%. Our new annual guidance for fiscal 2013 includes $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion in capital expenditures, $320 million to $380 million in Canadian resource taxes and royalties, $420 million to $445 million in SG&A expenses and an effective tax rate remaining in the upper 20s. I would also like to reiterate our capital management approach for fiscal 2013. First, note that we maintain a minimum liquidity target of $1.5 billion, including unused lines of credit. Today, that would imply almost $3 billion in excess cash on our balance sheet. We are also committed to maintaining our investment grade rating. Even so, we have substantial unused debt capacity and flexibility. Second, with respect to uses of capital, our top priority is to invest in the business. We expect to fund these investments from operating cash flow. In fiscal 2013, we expect to invest $500 million to $700 million in potash expansions. We are also considering building new ammonia capacity, which would bring our ammonia production capacity to approximately 1.5 million tonnes and require approximately $1 billion in capital investment, a portion of which would fall into fiscal 2013. Our second priority is strategic investments like new rock mines or acquisitions or joint ventures. In the current environment, we see limited opportunity for significant strategic investments. The third element of our capital management approach is returns to shareholders. The primary driver behind our current excess capital position is the Cargill split-off. At the end of our current fiscal year, additional restricted shares issued as part of the split-off will become available for distribution. At the same time, deal-related tax restrictions will end, including restrictions on share repurchases. For our shareholders, we believe it makes sense to maintain the flexibility to take advantage of these events. In fiscal 2012, we repurchased 21.3 million shares, all that we could under our restrictions, and increased the dividend 150%. And today, we announced another significant dividend increase. You can be assured that we recognize the importance of distributions to shareholders in meeting our total shareholder return objectives. Now I'll send it back to Jim for his concluding comments.
James T. Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. At Mosaic, we achieved many successes in fiscal 2012, and we have created an exceptionally strong operating foundation for the future. Mosaic has the capabilities necessary to be the best crop nutrition company in the world and to build momentum in 2013. I'd like to provide an overview of our outlook for the markets and our strategic focus for the new fiscal year. The recent surge in agricultural commodity prices, driven by the ongoing severe drought in the U.S. corn belt, reminds us global food security is tenuous. This year, which started with an early North American spring, the largest U.S. corn acreage since 1937 and the promise of a record-smashing crop demonstrates how quickly agricultural commodity markets can swing and how little margin for error exists in the global food system. The summer rally in grain and oilseed prices provides a strong tailwind for crop nutrient demand prospects in 2013 and beyond. In particular, we project that global phosphate shipments will increase from just less than 60 million tonnes in 2011 to approximately 63 million tonnes this year and then climb to 64 million to 66 million tonnes in 2013. In the case of potash, due to the weak start to this year, we project global MOP shipments will decline from about 56 million tonnes in 2011 to approximately 53 million tonnes this year and then jump to 58 million to 60 million tonnes in 2013. Several analysts have expressed concern that the severe drought this year will negatively impact U.S. phosphate and potash use next year because these 2 nutrients carry over in the soil if not taken up by plants. We don't believe this impact will be significant. Based upon a study of similar years and with ongoing high U.S. farm income, good crop insurance programs and growing evidence of P & K deficiencies in key farm states, global grain and oilseed inventories will decline for the third year in a row in our fiscal 2013 as a result of yet another year of below-trend yields. This situation is not sustainable. Yields must increase at trend rates in order for grain and oilseed supplies to keep pace with steady and predictable increases in global demand. And that, in turn, will require growers to keep their foot on the accelerator, to leverage new technologies and best agronomic practices and to ensure consistent and appropriate crop nutrient applications. We expect these factors will drive strong potash and phosphate demand. The demand for grains and oilseeds will only increase, and crop nutrients will remain a critical component of resolving the global food security issue. Moving on to our priorities for the new year. In Phosphates, we will maintain our focus on continuing to operate with lower costs than our competitors, and we will continue to grow our innovative premium products. As Larry noted, we are making progress on the feasibility study for a new ammonia plant, which would further enhance our competitive cost position. Together, these 2 strategic pillars differentiate us from commodity providers while driving higher margins and cash flow. Markets have improved over the past 2 months, driving both volumes and prices above our guidance. While much uncertainty remains for the second half of the calendar year, current market conditions bode well for our fiscal 2013 financial performance. And the longer-term outlook remains compelling. We expect demand for phosphates to continue to grow all around the world while significant investment will be required for supply to keep up with demand. In Potash, fiscal 2013 is an important year for our expansion projects, and we're driving them towards on-time and on-budget completion. While demand will always ebb and flow, the trend for the decade ahead is unquestionably positive. The world needs more potash to feed its ever-growing population, and we will have the production capacity to meet the increasing demand. We will begin ramping up over 1 million tonnes of new potash capacity during the year, and we will control 1.3 million additional tonnes from the tolling agreement by next January. Our committed expansion spending will decrease in fiscal 2013, even as we begin including the second phase of our Belle Plaine expansion. Belle Plaine is the world's largest solution mine, and with the fundamental shift in the natural gas markets holding prices at low levels, it is one of the most cost-efficient mines in Saskatchewan. With the planned cost-effective brownfield expansion, we believe it will be one of the world's lowest cost potash mines. To conclude, we continue to see short-term external risks, including volatile markets in Europe, potentially slower growth in India and China, volatility in U.S. grain prices and ongoing foreign currency exchange risk. That said, none of the economic risks impact the demand for food, which will continue to grow day over day and year-over-year. And Mosaic will have an ever-increasing role to play as we help the world grow the food it needs. The facts bear repeating. The world's population grows by 75 million people every year, an addition that exceeds the current population of Great Britain, and arable land is not increasing. The demand is multiplied by improving human prosperity around the world. As incomes rise, so too does demand for protein, and protein requires significantly more agricultural production. I saw an interesting fact recently. The Washington Post reported that the world must produce the same amount of food in the next 40 years as it has in the past 8,000 years. So there is simply no choice. Farmers must increase their yields, and Mosaic will be here to support them. Mosaic has the assets, the global reach, the innovation, the proven execution capability and the capital strength to outperform its competitors in a highly compelling industry. We've built a powerful engine and a talented team of engaged employees. We are prepared to accelerate. Now we'll take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess maybe one question on your potash volume guidance going into fiscal '13 and the step-up to 58 to 60. Could you just dimensionalize which markets you're thinking are going to drive the delta from the 53 to 58 to 60? And I guess particular interest probably on what you think happens to U.S. volumes in terms of restocking, as well as India and China.
James T. Prokopanko: Vincent, it's Jim Prokopanko here. Good question to start with, and I'm going to have Mike -- Dr. Mike Rahm answer that question, and Rick McLellan, our Commercial Manager, to add some color if necessary. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Vincent, yes, as you know, there are 6 countries that account for about 2/3 of the global shipments: the U.S., Brazil, China, India, Malaysia and Indonesia. And in the past couple of years, it seems like we haven't been hitting on all of those 6 cylinders, and the basis for our 58 million to 60 million tonne increase in potash shipments is the expectation that we will hit on all of those. So we have increases pretty much across the board in those major countries. In the case of the U.S., I think there's an interesting situation in that even with flat or even slightly lower potash consumption, we think shipments will increase from the drop-off that occurred last year in North America. The 2010, 2011 shipments were at a record 11.1 million short tonnes. Those dropped to about 8.3 million tonnes as de-stocking of the pipeline took place. And we expect that in 2012, 2013, we will see those shipments jump back up into the 9 million tonne range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kevin W. McCarthy - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jim, I was wondering if you could elaborate on your Phosphate segment ranges put forth for the fiscal first quarter and, specifically, the volume range of 2.5 million to 2.8 million tonnes, as well as some of the sources of gross margin pressure that you alluded to.
James T. Prokopanko: Kevin, that was an anticipated question, and Rick McLellan, our Executive Vice President of Commercial, will add some explanation to that.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, the -- as we finished up Q4, we came out of Q4 with very, very low inventories, and that, combined with some significant turnarounds that we’re expecting in Q1, is going to limit the top end of the volume that we have to ship. And in turn, we're seeing some nice price movement during the quarter. The things that are going to impact the cost, I think I'll have Joc O'Rourke answer that one.
James C. O'Rourke: The costs for the quarter, we're seeing some pressures on both sulfur and ammonia costs, which are mostly due to ammonia tightening up, of course, in the world market, particularly with the nonperformance of Trinidad ammonia.
James T. Prokopanko: Kevin, I'll just add my comment to that. What we're seeing, and we're seeing it throughout the -- and certainly in North America and generally through the world, is a reluctance by buyers to commit. Nobody has any doubt that farmers are going to use phosphate and potash, and as we're seeing in many other industries, commercial enterprises don't want to take a risk or take a -- make a commitment until the very last minute. So yes, there could be some slowness in this quarter, but we expect that will return when farmers are ready to fertilize.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Jim, just want to continue on that comment of yours about the reluctance of buyers to commit. I know in the past you've emphasized your forward price determined program. I'm just wondering, how extensive is that program? And are you having to increase your investment in that program in order to stimulate shipments? And then just as a follow-on, maybe this is for Mike Rahm, just a comment on we've still got a significant gap in between offshore and domestic potash prices. How do you see that gap playing out as shipments increase in calendar 2013?
James T. Prokopanko: Don, the forward price of contracts that we've had have been very successful. I'll just tell you a bit about them, and Rick will add some specifics around how we're doing with them. They've been very effective at getting product moved, getting into position and being ready for the fall season as it always comes or the spring season. So we're pleased with the performance of that program, and it's built our share and built our position in North America. So it's a program that's been very successful. Rick, do you want to add some explanation on how it's looking going forward?
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, Don, I think your question is did we have to expand it this year, and the answer for phosphates is most definitely not. Potash, we’ve continued to expand the programs what we have -- that we have and the amount of product that we're going to have available into North America. But that's strictly a function of how the potash market has operated. The -- what we found on the phosphate market is people are -- phosphate and potash in North America, customers are willing to layer in percentages of the volumes that they need for fall. So this cautious conservative buying behavior that Jim talked about continues, although we don't find that we've had to do anything different in the marketplace. The second part of your question had to do with the differences between domestic netbacks and export netbacks. One of the things that you have to break away is the difference between blend-grade product and standard product. And as we move over time, those spreads are going to continue to -- the export and domestic prices are going to continue to get closer together. But one thing that impacts the netbacks probably the most is standard product going into contract markets, so it leaves that spread wide. And when you take a look at the North American market, it's a blend-grade market, and so I think one of the ways to look at it is blend-grade around the world continues to trade at a premium to standard.
James T. Prokopanko: Go ahead.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of...
Michael Rahm: The only other thing I would add, Rick, is that when you look at some of the granular markets in addition to North America, Brazil had record imports in 2011 of about 7.5 million tonnes. So we've seen stronger demand in granular markets. And as you mentioned, the standard markets have been off with India's imports being down and most of that product moving in on fixed-price longer-term type contracts.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A 2-part question. When the Esterhazy tonnage reverts back to the 1.3 million tonnes, does that mean that your Canpotex allocation goes up by 1.3 million tonnes? And then secondly, if your phosphate volume in the first quarter of '13 is roughly 2.65 million tonnes, that's down about 500,000 tonnes from where you were in the first quarter of last year. So with that kind of volume step-down, would you expect your phosphate volumes to grow in fiscal '13?
James T. Prokopanko: Jeff, to your first question, simple answer, yes. The 1.3 million tonnes that comes back under the tolling agreement is included as Mosaic Company's share of Canpotex. And to your second question about the phosphate numbers for the first quarter, Rick McLellan will help you with that answer.
Richard N. McLellan: /> Yes, Jeff. I'll go back to what I said before. We entered into this quarter with much lower volumes, so that limits our ability to ship during the quarter for phosphates. And one of the other pieces that's going on is a little bit of timing in our international business. So we don't expect a significant change year-on-year in volumes. It's really going to be in -- it's going to show most of itself in this quarter as we began with less inventory and we're -- we have significant production turnarounds at some of our phosphate facilities in Florida.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jim, just a couple of things. When we look at the announcement you took with potash downtime and then the subsequent production, it looks like you ended up taking quite a bit less potash production out of the market than you originally expected. So I'm wondering, is that consistent with the way you think about it? And did your market view change during that period? And of course, where did your ending inventories end up?
James T. Prokopanko: Mark, I'm going to -- with your question, I'm going to -- I'm just thinking how to answer it. I'm going to have Joc help me with it, but we had the desire to impact in terms of matching our supply with the demand that we had out there. So we got back in balance, and we addressed some of our storage issues. And I'll ask Joc to discuss how we -- the actual numbers versus the intended numbers and what happened at the facilities.
James C. O'Rourke: So Mark, in answer to your question, yes, we certainly had the downtime that we announced. We had inventory limitations early in the year, which we addressed by taking some downtime, in particular some longer Christmas shutdowns. We ended the year with higher inventory. However, we feel it's appropriate with the shutdowns we're going to have and particularly with Esterhazy tying in the new circuit, the expansion circuit, we expect we're going to need that inventory for the fall, and we're well prepared for that.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, can you talk about Chinese pricing for the back half of the year? It looks like they want a decrease while you would like at least a rollover.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, David. We don't see China doing anything much until sometime in August. Yes, we'd very much like to see a rollover or higher pricing to what was achieved last year. Those discussions and negotiations are currently underway with Canpotex, and we'll see what emerges. What you do have -- what's different in these last few weeks is what's happening in these grain markets, and the question we're all asking is this going to be a catalyst to start moving, increasing, enhancing demand for crop nutrients, and is this going to impact the fertilizer pricing? And it's early to make a final call, but grain is becoming more expensive, corn, oilseed and the knock-on effects to wheat, palm oil and so on. So I think there are some things that are changing between now and August that everybody has to pay attention to. But it's in Canpotex's hands. They're negotiating.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Just a couple of follow-up questions on China and India. We've seen Chinese potash port inventories significantly increase in the last couple of weeks. Imports have been very strong in May and June, it seems. The first question would be what is your view here on inventory stock -- port stocks building? And could that possibly push out your August timeline for a settlement for Canpotex? And also in India, we've seen a lot of spot volume picked up by Chinese exporters, and we also saw PhosChem sort of half-year volumes on the contracts to your Indian customers for DAP lower year-over-year. What are your views on possibly losing some share in India this year? Or will you pick it up later?
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Joel, good questions. I'm going to ask Rick, our commercial leader, Rick McLellan, to answer those questions.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, Joel, on Chinese potash inventory, we just see everybody shipping to meet their contracts. It's going to reflect -- their first half contracts, which is reflecting a bit of build in inventories at the ports. Nothing that we hadn't expected, and I think, as Jim said, a lot has to play out between now and August when we expect the deal to be closed. The second piece was the -- your question was on India. And on India, we continue to see them buy volumes out of China, little bits and pieces every week. There still isn't enough DAP going into India. We had -- we limited the amount of DAP we had in our first quarter, which you saw in our contract that we completed, and we focused on markets that provide us a little better return. And so longer term, we know that we're going to do less into India, and we're very comfortable and our customers were very comfortable in the program we put together this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Dan Jester sitting in for P.J. I believe you said in your prepared remarks that you're working on a feasibility study for an ammonia plant. Can you just walk us through the timeline for that process? And maybe just give us some color about what you're thinking about in terms of going forward with that or not once the feasibility study is complete.
James T. Prokopanko: Joc O'Rourke is leading our project, the ammonia expansion, the new plant and the expansion of current facilities, and he'll add an explanation of what our timeline looks like.
James C. O'Rourke: So Dan, in terms of the timeline, we are in the process of doing a detailed feasibility study at this point. It is quite a complex project. We are now analyzing not only the economics, but the technology, the permitting and the design options. As Larry said, we expect to have that decision towards the end of this calendar year for construction next calendar year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jacob Bout, CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions on Esterhazy. So you gave some guidance here on the brine inflow costs and also the inflow rate, and it sounds like you're guiding to flat year-on-year inflow rates. What has been the trend over the past 3 to 4 years? And has something actually changed there? My impression was that the inflow rates have been gradually increasing, and then just a status on K3.
James T. Prokopanko: Jacob, we have been dealing with the brine at Esterhazy for about 30 years, and from time to time and over those 30 years, we do find different and emerging flow patterns. Some odd anomaly flows may come in at a -- from a different area than we might have previously experienced, and that's been the history over the 30 years. And the rates go up, and the rates go down. We've dealt with this -- we've dealt with it for 30 years successfully. We continue to deal with it, and we are very, very confident that we can deal with some of these new, we call them anomalies, there’s some unexpected events. Every one has been dealt with. We've not lost, in those 30 years, a single day of production. We don't see the Esterhazy brine inflow as so much a matter of losing production, but one more of the cost issue with us. So we're -- as I say, in summary, we're confident that we will deal with whatever is dealt with us, and we've got 30 years of experience doing that. For the K3 mine expansion, Joc is leading that project, having some good success, as we said, on time and on budget. And Joc can add some details.
James C. O'Rourke: Jacob, the stage we're at right now, we've been working on the pre-sinking, the civil construction of the site itself. We have the freeze plans in place. We'll be moving into the freezing, and we'll be raising up the headframe this year in preparation for shaft-sinking starting in the next fiscal year, right on time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carroll with UBS.
Bill Carroll - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It seems that the expectation for full production at South Fort Meade has slipped a couple months since the last update. So can you fill us in on the dynamics of restoring production there? And also, once operations are fully achieved there, what are your expectations for output at your other phosphate mines? Would you pull back some of the production at Wingate and Four Corners?
James T. Prokopanko: Bill, no, our plans at South Fort Meade are right on plan. We are getting the mine up to the production rates that we forecast, and it's on time and on schedule. And I'll ask Joc to talk about what our experiences have been at the other mines. I think we have made -- have commented that the other mines did step up in a material way to deal with the gap that was left by South Fort Meade being shut down. But Joc, how are we going to manage those mines going forward?
James C. O'Rourke: So going forward, Bill, the first priority for us is to rebuild the inventories that we drew down, the rock inventories that we drew down over the last year or 2. We are well on our way to doing that. South Fort Meade, as Jim said, is well on its way to be up to-- being up to full production again as we move draglines into the new Hardee County portion of that site. In the next year, once we get our inventories up, we will start moving more material to Louisiana to offset any of the purchased rock we've had in the past. So we'll still need high production rates from both Wingate and Four Corners. That may change in a year or 2, but up until then, we expect to run those operations just as hard as we are today.
James T. Prokopanko: And Joc, if I could just add just to be sure that while we're very much on schedule to be running at full rates by the end of this fiscal quarter at South Fort Meade, we won't start to see the full P&L impact of that until the second half of our fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez with Lazard Capital Markets.
Edlain S. Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: A quick question on potash. Can you talk about what you're seeing in India in terms of when do you expect them to come online -- I mean, to sign a contract? Or is there a possibility that they could sit out for the full year? And also in Brazil, can you talk about what you've seen in terms of pricing? Because we've heard of what that $30 price increase -- that's out there. But are you seeing any implementation of that at all?
James T. Prokopanko: Edlain, it's Jim here. We are -- as far as India goes, we are not anticipating a contract for potash in India until September. It'll likely be post the Chinese resolution and September probably at the earliest. To your question, can they defer a year or take this year off or the balance of the year, yes, I think they -- if they choose to, they can hold off a year. But they're not going to avoid, they're just going to delay. And whatever they don't buy this year, I have little doubt that those potash purchases will have to be made some time shortly after that. Rick, do you want to add anything on the India, what's happening in country and then the Brazil questions on pricing?
Richard N. McLellan: I think, Jim, you've covered India, other than the fact to add that these local price increases because of the change in the currency are taking farmers some time to get used to. So that's why we expect not a robust return to demand there. But overall, we still expect the Indians to come in for a contract discussion in September. Now in Brazil, there's been several announced price increases of $30 a tonne. It's our belief that a portion of those have been -- a portion of that $30 has been captured. I think the Brazil market, as we went into the calendar year, carried through a significant amount of potash. That is getting used up with the marketplace as strong as it is. It's amazing the impact of beans in the teens will have on demand for crop nutrients, specifically phosphate and potash in Brazil. And so we've seen strong volume, and the price is continuing to edge up, rather than take a significant $30 price increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Picken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: Yes, just wanted to get your thoughts on the demand for phosphate down in Brazil. Again, you talked about the potash there, but any sort of update in terms of what we might expect? And I guess with the drought in the U.S., do you think we're going to end up seeing more Safrinha corn being planted? And what type of impact that might have on demand for both your products during this Safrinha season, during the winter?
James T. Prokopanko: Michael, Rick McLellan is the right person to answer that question.
Richard N. McLellan: It'll be -- yes, Michael, the kind of Brazilian demand and what gets planted. Right now, the economics for soybeans are extremely compelling in Brazil, and so this October's plantings, I think the expectation is, is that we will see more hectares planted of soybeans. Brazil has had a significant Safrinha this past -- that's just being harvested, and expectations are is some of that will come on the market. Phosphate demand, we think, is going to continue to be very strong into Brazil, and we look for good second half shipments to meet up for what the market will need. One of the things that the Brazilians are experiencing that is something they continue to need to focus on, this is a growing market, and vessels are waiting at main ports for up to 45 days. So I think we'll see a lull in new purchases of phosphate just to deal with the offloading of purchases that are coming in right now.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, with that, we're going to close our call this morning. In closing, I'd like to summarize 3 key messages that I hope you leave with: first, external factors created some challenges for us and the rest of this industry this past year; second, Mosaic made important and significant progress in our fiscal 2012; and finally, prospects for our business this year and beyond are very, very positive. Mosaic is in an excellent position to achieve our vision of being recognized as the best crop nutrition company in the world. Everybody, have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. You may disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-03-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon -  James T. Prokopanko - Chief Executive officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President of Commercial Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary James C. O'Rourke - Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division Daniel Jester - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Olga Guteneva - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Edlain Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada Ted Drangula Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company Andrew W. Cash - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark R. Gulley - Gulley & Associates LLC Christopher Perrella Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon, you may begin.
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks. Joc O'Rourke, Executive Vice President, Operations; Rich Mack, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; and Rick McLellan, Senior Vice President, Commercial. After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on Mosaic's results, as well as current and future market conditions, and Larry will discuss key drivers of the segment results, as well as provide insight into future raw material costs. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based on management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, March 29, 2012, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Laura, and welcome, everyone. While we faced market headwinds during the third quarter, our accomplishments in this period reflect Mosaic's ongoing business strength and our great capacity for execution. We reached a settlement agreement with respect to our South Fort Meade permit litigation, which was approved by the courts yesterday, March 28. We expect to be at full production at South Fort Meade in the first fiscal quarter of 2013. Our investments to expand capacity at both Potash and MicroEssentials remain on track and on budget. Our operational excellence programs continue to bear fruit, with newly identified initiatives in Potash having already exceeded $60 million in potential benefits. And in Phosphates, we have had record year-to-date production at our Four Corners mine, and our Wingate mine performed at record levels in January. As well, we continue to take steps to realize the value of our exceptionally strong balance sheet by increasing our regular annual dividend by 150% to $0.50 per share.  In Phosphates, we saw an acceleration of sales in both our future price deferred programs and other sales programs after phosphate pricing in North America bottomed in January. In Potash, we are just beginning to see the pickup in sales. Lower potash sales were reflected in both our reduced third quarter guidance and our final results. That said, we have product positioned in the marketplace ready for growers to apply in anticipation of what we expect to be a strong North America spring season. I'll provide more thoughts on this topic shortly. We've seen resolution of some major uncertainties that have been impacting market sentiment. The changes to the Indian crop nutrient subsidy are now known, although there remains some uncertainty as to the ultimate demand impact. Even with the announced cuts in subsidies, fertilizer prices on the farm may actually decline depending upon the impact of the Indian currency and the recent decline in spot prices for DAP, FOB Tampa. Our forecast for Indian DAP shipments reflect this and are expected to rebound 4% during the Indian 2012, 2013 fiscal year. As announced last week, Canpotex and our Chinese customers have reached agreement on a new first half 2012 contract for delivery of 500,000 tonnes in the second calendar quarter, with a customer option for an additional 200,000 tonnes in the same period. The price is unchanged from the previous contract. This contract resolves another uncertainty with respect to the near-term potash global supply and demand outlook. Finally, we saw ammonia spot prices decline dramatically this quarter. These events demonstrate that the near-term challenges are diminishing, while both the near- and long-term outlook remains positive. We continue to expect a strong spring season in North America and significantly improved fourth quarter financial performance.  Farm economics remain compelling. The December 2012 corn price is around $5.40 per bushel, which is higher than similar contracts in 3 of the past 4 years at this point in the season. Soybean prices have also rebounded, up about $1 per bushel since January, as the 2 grains compete for planted acreage.  We're estimating another year of high farm income in North America, the second highest on record, and strong farm economics around the world. This is truly a global market, with non-U.S. events capable of driving grain and oilseed pricing even higher. In the current year, we're seeing heat and drought in South America impacting the prices for corn and soybeans. As always, grain and oilseed price trends will have a significant impact on farm economics and our business outlook. Nutrients remain very affordable. We fully expect that the necessary nutrients will be applied to maximize yields this crop year, and we expect potash demand to accelerate very soon.  At Mosaic, we have our potash stocks well positioned to take advantage of emerging demand. In addition, we're seeing an early start to applications in the Northern Corn Belt, accelerating the pace of demand for all nutrients. Temperatures have been setting records, snow cover is gone, and the fields are mostly dry. While it may be too early to think about planting spring crops, growers now have early access to the fields to apply the necessary crop nutrients.  Our fourth quarter guidance reflects our favorable outlook for the spring season. For Potash, we're expecting sales volumes to rebound to 1.7 million to 2.2 million tonnes. The average MOP selling price is expected to be down from the $453 average for the third quarter, solely reflecting changes in the mix of grades and geographies served.  For Phosphates, we're expecting sales volumes consistent with third quarter. Pricing is expected to decline modestly but will likely be offset by similar declines in our raw material costs. As a result, we expect fourth quarter margins in Phosphates to be roughly equal to the third quarter.  Now, I'd like to turn it over to Larry to provide some insight into our segment results and raw material costs. Larry?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thank you, Jim. Our results this quarter reflect the normal seasonality of our business, as well as near-term challenges in Potash volumes and Phosphate raw material costs.  Consolidated revenues were down slightly, driven by a 27% decline in Potash net sales, which offset a 13% increase in Phosphate. Revenue growth in Phosphates was primarily driven by sales volumes, which were up 9% and at the top end of our guidance range.  Average realized DAP prices were about flat and within our guidance range. MOP pricing was up a strong 27% year-over-year toward the upper end of our range, but sales volumes were down 41%. We expect sales to accelerate as we move into the North American spring season.  The consolidated gross margin at $522 million or 24% of sales reflects the lower proportion of Potash in the business mix during the quarter, an outcome of lower Potash sales volumes. In addition, the Phosphate margin of 16% reflects the peak ammonia pricing we saw from September through December, which is now flowing through our income statement. We continue to experience slightly higher cost from the 2011 Faustina ammonia plant outage, but the negative impact of this in cost of goods sold, net of a related insurance recovery in the same line, was immaterial at $2 million. Earnings also included a number of notable items, which are detailed in our press release. Combined, these items negatively impacted pretax earnings by $48 million and earnings per share by $0.08. Two of these items, the $13 million charge for the South Fort Meade settlement and the $20 million charge for retiring higher cost debt, stemmed from actions that will drive future positive benefits. The $29 million in benefits from insurance proceeds provides partial compensation for earlier higher costs associated with the Faustina outage.  Lastly, the $44 million in foreign currency transaction loss is a noncash charge and was primarily driven by changes in the Canadian to U.S. dollar exchange rate. I'll move now to segment details starting with Potash. As the chart on the right shows, lower volumes were clearly the biggest driver of the year-over-year decline in Potash segment operating earnings. The 49% gross margin has slightly improved from the second fiscal quarter, although lower than the year-ago quarter.  Higher Canadian resource taxes were driven by the significant year-over-year decline in capital expenditures, as we wind down major projects at both Esterhazy and Belle Plaine. The other category in the waterfall chart reflects a prior year benefit of $38 million from insurance proceeds and in the current period, higher plant costs due to both absorption and inflation and higher brine management cost.  Note that third quarter production volumes were similar to the second quarter, with the second quarter affected by the Colonsay turnaround and the third by our announced curtailments. We began the quarter with low inventories and produced more than we sold in order to position inventory to take advantage of emerging demand.  For Phosphates, year-over-year sales volume increased 9%. Sales volumes were strong for our third quarter, which is seasonally slow, at 2.6 million tonnes compared to 2.4 million tonnes last year.  North American production volume was flat with last year, including the impact of our previously announced curtailments. Gross margins declined to $259 million or 16% of sales due primarily to the increase in raw material costs. As Jim indicated, we've seen declining raw material spot prices, which we expect to benefit our results in the fourth fiscal quarter. These cost declines should offset expected lower selling prices and leave gross margins flat in the mid-teens. Over the past year, Phosphate cost increases have been exacerbated by the delay at South Fort Meade and the Faustina plant outage. We have now largely put these issues behind us and continue taking actions to reduce costs, improve our operating performance and position this business for long-term success.  As shown on this bridge chart, year-over-year raw material costs lowered operating earnings by approximately $225 million, more than offsetting the price and volume-driven increases. Of the $225 million, $70 million was due to higher ammonia costs, $60 million to higher sulfur costs and $35 million to higher rock costs. The remaining increase in costs was primarily from components of our international blends that we purchase from third parties. These costs are passed through in higher end product prices, with little impact to margins in the segment. The next few slides will provide more detail on raw material cost trends, starting with ammonia. This historical look shows both the average spot price for ammonia, as well as the price reflected in our cost of goods sold. It demonstrates the lag effect between purchases and realization.  The average price of ammonia in our cost of goods sold in the third quarter was $589 per tonne. This higher cost includes the impact of purchases made in late calendar 2011 and the fact that we obtained only a partial benefit from our Faustina ammonia plants.  Ammonia market prices fell significantly in the third quarter, and this will benefit our fourth quarter cost of goods sold. In addition, we expect the full benefit from ammonia manufactured at Faustina.  Turning to sulfur. We expect a modest decline in fourth quarter realized costs. Our average purchase price in the third quarter was $211 per long ton, and the most recent contract price was $172 per tonne. These lower contract prices will be flowing through cost of goods sold later in the fourth quarter.  Cost reflected in our P&L include $10 to $15 per tonne in transformation, storage and transportation costs. For rock, our average price per tonne was roughly flat with the second fiscal quarter. We expect rock costs to remain flat in the fourth fiscal quarter before declining in fiscal 2013 due to the ramp-up of South Fort Meade. For fiscal 2013, we expect our third-party rock purchases to range from 400,000 to 500,000 tonnes, less than 50% of our fiscal 2012 purchases.  Before I turn it back to Jim for his concluding comments, I want to spell out some revisions to our annual guidance. For capital expenditures, we've narrowed the range, lowering the top end of the guidance from $1.9 billion to $1.7 billion. We have not revised either our SG&A guidance or our effective tax rate guidance for fiscal 2012. We have lowered our estimate for Canadian resource taxes and royalties from a range of $420 million to $470 million to a range of $310 million to $360 million. Recall that this is estimated for the calendar year and then reflected in our fiscal year guidance. The decline in our estimated Canadian resource taxes for fiscal 2012 primarily reflects the lower sales volumes we've had so far this calendar year, as well as our expectation that North American dealers will target minimal inventory levels at the end of the season.  In addition, brine management costs at our Esterhazy mine ran ahead of our guidance in the quarter. While inflows remain well within historical ranges, results for the quarter include higher costs associated with the introduction of advanced technologies, including horizontal drilling techniques.  We plan to continue to enhance our understanding, management and mitigation of recent inflow patterns and disposal of brine removed from the mine. As a result, planned brine management costs will remain high but decline to between $45 million and $55 million for the fourth fiscal quarter.  Back to you, Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Larry. So while the environment was challenging in the third quarter, we've continued to focus on execution, on our investments and ensuring we are positioned to take advantage of what we expect to be a much stronger fourth quarter.  For Phosphates, demand drivers are positive, and we are still forecasting record shipments for 2012. While the supply side remains uncertain, we are expecting only a modest impact from Ma'aden and see the potential for a significant decline in Chinese exports.  For Potash, the recent demand pickup is broad-based. As we've said in the past, we expected a slow start in 2012, followed by a strong finish, and this is exactly what we're seeing today.  Peak North American shipments are likely to materialize in April through May. Shipments are expected to be brisk in Brazil, Indonesia and Malaysia through June. Production is likely to increase in response to this demand, and at the same time, producer inventories are expected to decline over the next 90 days.  During the last 3 months, I've traveled the world extensively and visited customers in our markets, and I must tell you that despite the recent lull in market activity, I remain confident about Mosaic's opportunities, our position in the industry and our ability to create value.  We took our Board of Directors to India. During that trip, we visited several small farming operations where we saw Indian growers using our MicroEssential products to improve the yields of their mustard and potato crops. It was clear to me that despite the Indian government's struggle with fertilizer incentives, the Indian growers see the value in our products. To these farmers, it is all about increasing yields and quality of the crops they produce.  On a recent trip to Argentina, I visited a large farming operation in the humid Pampas region. It was impressive to observe these growers experimenting with fertilizer technology and application techniques, striving to improve their yields of soybeans, wheat and corn. Clearly, these growers received the message from the global grain markets to increase their production to meet ever-increasing demand.  And in travels in North America, Canadian and U.S. dealers are telling me that they're expecting an outstanding, if not a record, spring season. Our products play a crucial and valued role in helping all growers to meet their goals. There is simply no getting around the world's ever-growing need for grains and oilseeds, the role crop nutrients must play in meeting those needs and Mosaic's superior positioning to help meet growing global demand.  With that, I'd like to open it up for questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division: A question on global potash demand. And have your thoughts changed at all from what you presented in Tampa, i.e. that global potash demand would be somewhere between 54 million and 56 million tonnes?
James T. Prokopanko: No, we haven't changed our thinking on the outlook for potash going forward. The 54 million, 56 million range still holds.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just moving on to pricing. With China selling at $470 a tonne, have you seen any pressure in other areas of the world like Brazil, India or Southeast Asia as far as a reduction on pricing?
James T. Prokopanko: Jacob, I'm going to ask Rick McLellan, our leader of our commercial operations, to address those questions -- that question.
Richard N. McLellan: What we've seen in other marketplaces is more the acceptance of existing prices rather than pressure on prices. So in Brazil, there's business closing at that $530 level. That's the published price. And we're seeing other markets around the world start to move basis that -- the closure of the Chinese contract.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
Daniel Jester - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Dan Jester sitting in for P.J. So if I heard you correctly, you said that India phosphate shipments are going to increase 4% next year. I was just wondering, can you update us on your India potash forecast and maybe also talk about the timing for the PhosChem DAP contract?
James T. Prokopanko: That's Rick McLellan's project as well, and he'll tell you what he's up to on that.
Richard N. McLellan: I'll start with India PhosChem. The last 2 shipments of the 2011, '12 contract are being made in March as agreed to, and we're in negotiations now for shipments for the next contract. And discussions are underway, and we expect kind of orderly closure in the next 60 days on that contract. And the second question was on potash, our expectations of potash in India. We are -- we're seeing that shipments are beginning now on the product that had been held up being shipped on the old contract. And we expect an increase in potash to around 4.8 million to 5 million tonnes next year, and they're going to work through this inventory that's going to get shipped this quarter. So it'll probably be August before we see any contract negotiations begin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jim, 2 questions. First, can you talk about when we should expect to see meaningful impact from the operational excellence program over the next, say, 4 quarters? Are we going to see your margins start to outpace what we're seeing across the industry in calendar 2012? And then the second question is just, I'm looking for a little clarification on the potash price guidance. I would have thought that the mix shift would have left you flat to slightly up, but you're saying it's going to be slightly down. So I'm just wondering if you could help us with that.
James T. Prokopanko: I'm glad you've taken notice of the operational excellence programs momentum project in Potash business and ROICworks! This is something we've been driving for, for the last 18 months. And we are seeing some real transformational change in just the nature of our operations, the reliability, the safety, the productivity of our facilities. And this is now turning into some direct bottom line impact. I'm going to have Larry add some precision to that last part of that question.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Yes, Mark, we are, in fact, seeing a lot of progress in Phosphates. I think the Phosphates team with Joc's leadership has done a terrific job of holding cost increases flat, with the primary factor influencing our margins in the last 1.5 years being raw material cost trends, the South Fort Meade issue and the ammonia plant outage in Faustina. With those 2 major issues largely behind us, we should be seeing improving margins as we head into fiscal '13. I gave you a pretty extensive overview of the raw material cost trends that we'll see playing out over the next quarter or 2. But beyond that, we think the trend should be positive for gross margins, with the added benefit of the operational excellence initiatives taking hold. In the Potash business, as we outlined for you at the Analyst Day in February, we're just getting underway. We've already identified some $60 million of possible improvements that we'll begin seeing impacting the P&L as we head into fiscal 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Olga Guteneva - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Olga Guteneva sitting in for Jeff. If you could help us with the potash price assumptions for the next quarter, I'm a little bit puzzled because you have prices of flat to a little bit down sequentially. And North America looks like about $500, and some offshore markets are about $500. So are you expecting relatively lower domestic sales and higher sales to the, say, lower-priced offshore markets? How do you get to this low range in Potash?
James T. Prokopanko: That's one we didn't answer that Jeff asked -- that Mark asked just before you. So Rick McLellan will address that.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, on Potash in our guidance, it really is about the amount of standard product that we're going to be moving compared to what we did in the -- in our Q3, and that's what the difference is. Prices, we don't see as any different, and -- so our netbacks are impacted by lower-priced standard product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elaine Yip from Crédit Suisse.
Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So with respect to your Potash volume guidance, the range seems to be a little wider than normal. Can you comment on the assumptions that drive the low end and the high end of the range? And then on your 2012 Potash demand outlook for the year of 54 million to 56 million tonnes, it implies a fairly robust rest of the year. And how do you reconcile that when distributors seem to be exercising more caution and they indicate that they want to end this spring season empty and the grain price outlook is rather uncertain?
James T. Prokopanko: Elaine, I'll have Rick answer the first question about the Potash ranges, and then I'll just address the -- your question about demand.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, when we looked at the ranges, we've had several things that caused us to have a wider range. There's several uncertainties given how North America will end the spring, and that's probably the biggest thing that led to us putting a wider range in place. In North America, we continue to hear people want to end the season empty. So we're going to go through a de-stocking of inventory in the system. And should that happen, the restocking happen earlier, that -- then we'll be most definitely at the high end of our range.
James T. Prokopanko: Elaine, on that question about demand, the 54 million to 56 million, and you're right to notice that. It's -- what Rick was saying is the pipeline has been -- we anticipate the pipeline in North America will be largely empty at the end of May. And what we are seeing in our quarter, March, April, May, our fourth quarter, is March was soft, although picked up in the end of this month, seeing noticeable tick-up. And April and May will be very strong, but there is a great sense of risk avoidance by the dealers in North America, and I think that plays out around the world. Dealers don't want to have any excess inventory or take excess price risk on inventories in a world where there's still some uncertainty about what's happening to grain and oilseed prices. So the nature of the supply chain has just become much more cautionary. That doesn't mean that there's going to be any less use by farmers. We see the farm economics to be very, very strong. In most every crop around the world, farmers are still getting the market signals that they have to produce maximum crops. And we anticipate that the farmers will buy, and that will bring it through the system. And we just have to be on our game, and we are. We're well positioned. We have stocks and inventory and positioned ready for when the dealers come to the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez from Lazard Capital Markets.
Edlain Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just one quick question about potash cash cost. I mean, this quarter, it was, what, like $146. The quarter before, it was $178. Like how should we think about 4Q?
James T. Prokopanko: Larry Stranghoener, our CFO, is ready to answer that question.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Well, the biggest variable, Edlain, as you know, affecting cash cost in the quarter would be volume. And we certainly were producing at a relatively low volume in the third quarter. We expect production volume to increase modestly in the fourth quarter. And as that happens, we should see improving cash costs, and the same is true as we head into fiscal '13. If we see global demand, as Jim just described, the 54 million to 56 million tonnes, we would expect to be operating in fiscal '13 at fairly high operating rates, which should spell favorable trends for cash costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Jim, a question on Phosphate pricing. I mean, you've got lower pricing there sequentially in fiscal fourth quarter for your guidance, but 2 things. One with domestic pricing and metric tonne equivalent being above $500, strong domestic season and with some lag from previous quarters, I'm just wondering why the price is so low. Did you lock in some lower prices domestically through the FBD [ph] program?
James T. Prokopanko: Rick, would you take that question?
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. No, we didn't forward sell into this market. The biggest thing that's going on with our guidance is, we probably have more product being sold out of the river than we do out of Central Florida for this time of the year, and that's pulling it down a bit. You are right that the export price is at $500. We closed on some sales yesterday into the export market at $500. And frankly, we see the opportunity for the market to strengthen from where it is today as we get demand coming stronger in North America. And there's a fair bit of pent-up demand around the world for phosphates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotiabank.
Ben Isaacson - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Just 2 questions. Could you please talk a little bit about your consignment strategy? Is this only for Potash in North America or does it also include Phosphate as well? And maybe just give us a little bit of an idea in terms of how much consignment product is out there in the market right now. My second question is just understanding DeSoto mine. And is that different than Pine Level? Is Pine Level gone? I noticed that there's about a 70-million-tonne reserve difference between those 2 projects.
James T. Prokopanko: Again, Rick will speak to the consignment programs, FBD [ph] programs that we have, very effective programs that are an important part of having us very well positioned in having product available when dealers -- when farmers start walking into the dealers. And then Rick McLellan, will -- or, I'm sorry, Rich Mack, our GC that leads our permitting efforts, can add some definition to your question about DeSoto versus Pine Level. Rick?
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, the program that we have is -- separates the delivery of product from pricing, and it's described as consignment, it's not. So from -- on a relative basis, as Jim says, it places product where it's needed and then allows people to price basis, different pricing agreements at a later date. The -- we don't see much more inventory in place with that program than we did last year on Phosphates, and our Potash program is similar to the way it's always been. Product is moved to warehouses, and people buy from there depending on market conditions.
James T. Prokopanko: Rich?
Richard L. Mack: And Ben, with respect to your question on Pine Level, the DeSoto mine is part of the Pine Level mine, and it will be in 2 different phases. So the $70 million shortfall likely would fall into the Phase 2 category, and that's why you're recognizing it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is James Sheehan sitting in for David. I have a couple of questions. Just wondering on the mix change that you identified in Potash. You've mentioned the potash grade mix that you're expecting to change in Q4. I'm just wondering if there's any outlook on geographic mix change due to the recent Sinofert contract to perhaps providing optimism that demand and prices are moving higher globally. And my second question is related to the potash production curtailment that you've got in place for February to May. Since you're expecting demand to pick up in general, do you expect that these curtailments will be completed in May and you'll be resuming sort of a normalized operating rate at that point?
Richard N. McLellan: It's Rick McLellan. I'll take that. When we talked about being more standard, I should have mentioned that, that's the impact of the increased shipments to China, which are the lion's share, which are standard.
James T. Prokopanko: Jim Prokopanko. The question about the curtailment, and yes, we are -- we've balanced our production to match demand. And when we see a movement into the country and looking for replenishment of those warehouse stocks, we're prepared to bring up our Potash operations to match that. It doesn't take much for us to get the Potash operations back up to full production from a full stop. It's no more than 10 days to 14 days to get into operation. So as soon as we get the signals that they're strong, robust, draw of a product, we will be -- we'll be supplying.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: It seems like your North American Potash deliveries for this fiscal year will be just over 2 million tonnes. That's down from about 3 million, a little over 3 million tonnes in last fiscal year, which was up from a little over 2 million tonnes, the fiscal year before. So what is sort of a normal run rate here for North American Potash business for volume, excluding, of course, the repatriation of Esterhazy tonnes you're going to get here? And the second question I would ask would be, you gave a little bit of guidance on what you expect to purchase for merchant rock in fiscal '13. Maybe you could talk about longer term what your views are for purchased rock in terms rebuilding some of your inventories, maybe extending the mine life of your Florida for rock mines and also for defending the rock market, enhance the DAP and MAP market?
James T. Prokopanko: I will address your last question first on the purchased rock and what our plan is, and then we'll address your Potash question. And I think Rick or Larry will be looking at some data to reference that. The purchased rock, we've always and for a long period of time have augmented our mined rock with purchases from suppliers, most typically OCP. We intend to continue to buy from OCP, and as long as they continue to sell to us, we have a great relationship with them. They're a good supplier, and we're a good customer. Investing in the Miski Mayo Mine has allowed us to reduce the need for external rock purchases. And the South Fort Meade situation, the last 1.5 years as we waited for the permitting, we've had to buy more than we typically would buy either from Miski Mayo or OCP. So going forward, I think we intend to have a balanced source of supply, buying product from OCP, sourcing from Miski Mayo. We don't give guidance about on that, but the range you can expect is anywhere from 0.5 million tonnes of purchased rock to 2 million tonnes of purchased rock. What we like about the OCP rock is that it is a high-quality ore, high-quality rock. It serves in our blending purposes, helps with our production operations and having the diversification of supply availability. If there's other interruptions at Miski Mayo, serves us well. So I'd say in the range of 0.5 million to 1 million tonnes now that South Fort Meade's fully operational. The question about inventories, it served us well, having a large inventory going into the South Fort Meade permitting process. A good lesson learned there. So we'll continue to have appropriate inventories to serve again, should there be any interruption from mining. I'm going to pass the question about the Potash now to Rick.
Richard N. McLellan: Okay. The -- what you need to look at for our North American business is -- on a long-term basis is somewhere between 3, 5 and 3, 9 for our Ag business. Now the real question is, as you look at this year, we need to focus on the fact of -- that there is inventory out there. People are going to buy kind of hand-to-mouth as we go forward, and they will end this season. So looking at this year as an example, they'll end this season at relatively low inventory levels. So be careful looking at this year as an example of what a long-term run rate would be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Ted Drangula: This is Ted Drangula in for Vincent. I guess following up on your Potash volume guidance or continuing into fiscal '13, would you expect a stronger than usual June time frame or the June through August time frame? And then does the -- I guess the other thing I'm trying to connect is, does your 54 million to 56 million metric tonne global volume guidance, does that include a restocking by dealers at some point during the year? Or how else do we get to a sort of flattish number in calendar '12 versus calendar '11 if there isn't a restocking effect and then we have 3 to 5 months of the year so far at well below year-ago levels?
James T. Prokopanko: The question about what's going to happen in June, July, August, that's some of the uncertainty that we're facing. And right now, we're at Mosaic into a budgeting process, and it is devilishly difficult to forecast what's going to happen once the plant is -- the crop is planted. Are we going to have 94 million acres or are we going to have 97 million acres? Or are we going to have trend line yields, above trend line or something more like last year, well below trend line yields on corn? And that is all going to contribute to -- and how the crop comes out of the ground will contribute to market sentiment by dealers. So June, I'm not anticipating in North America that we're going to have all that information yet. But if it's off to a difficult start for farmers in North America and we see stronger commodity prices, I think there's going to be pressure building to load up on potash if -- and phosphates. And if we see a bumper crop coming, there might be a little more caution by dealers to just see how this crop plays out with the grain, and then at the end, what the grain price is going to be for the coming year. So that's the tough part, June, July, August. But we know that they may delay, but they can't completely avoid having to load up with both potash and phosphate. Rick, I'll ask you to add some color to that perhaps internationally and other insights you have.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, I think the key takeaway is that people will de-stock. But it's not if, it's when they restock during this calendar year. And so if you look around the world, we see demand very strong in Brazil. When soybean prices are where they are today, growers there in the last 3 weeks, it appears, have bought about 3 million tonnes of blends for this fall's application season for their planting. And that has done a lot to bring them back to the market, looking for both phosphates and potash. So it's going to take a driver like that to make it come, but that demand will come.
James T. Prokopanko: Ted, I'll just add. In general, this is going to be a slow start to the year, unless there's some great surprise in the planting season. Although it's going to be a slow start, it's going to be a strong finish through the balance of our 2012. The product has to get on to these fields to grow the kind of crops that are being demanded by the world. There's no way to avoid it. So it's -- maybe you don't buy it now, but you're going to buy -- they're going to buy it later, and we're prepared to serve that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Picken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: I was hoping that we could get a little bit more specific color. You mentioned in your prepared remarks about -- that you think there'll be a relatively limited impact from the Ma'aden ramp-up and potentially reduced Chinese phosphate exports, and I was wondering if you could potentially quantify that a little bit more specifically.
James T. Prokopanko: What we have been doing over the last 6 months is we anticipate the Ma'aden startup and look at what they'll be bringing to market. We've been bringing our number down largely on the basis that we just have not seen a large bump in supply from Ma'aden. So our forecast is started at about 2 million tonnes for this calendar year, and we think it's going to be now 1.5 million to 2 million tonnes. So they've got a lot to bring to market to hit the 2 million. It just has not been shown up as a competitive factor in the phosphate markets. But they'll eventually get there. If not in 2012, maybe 2013 they'll get up to full production. In China, recent developments that we've been assessing, but we see reduction of Chinese exports of DAP, MAP, TSP. And we've quantified that reduction from our earlier estimates down from -- I think it was 5 million was what we anticipated what they exported last year. And this year, we see that being closer to 4 million, unless one of my colleagues want to correct me on that, but I expect 4 million.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, Jim, just the amount down is correct. It's 6, 6 to 5, 6.
James T. Prokopanko: To 5, 6, all right.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Andy Cash from UBS.
Andrew W. Cash - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I was just curious if you could give us a little more granularity around the restoration of ops at South Fort Meade. I think at Investors Day, you were talking about starting up a dragline, the first one, have it running about this time and then maybe another 6 weeks, a second, then another 6 weeks bring it back to full production. So just curious on how that time line is working. And also if you could -- once you restore Fort Meade all the way back to 100%, what are your plans for production at Wingate and Four Corners?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, I'm going to have Joc O'Rourke, leader of our operations and supply chain operations, to address your question.
James C. O'Rourke: Andy, Joc O'Rourke here. Yes, your time line is pretty much correct. We just got final approval from District Court this week, as we said in our release. So it will take us about 2 weeks to get the first dragline in place and producing. Another 6 weeks after that, we'll have a second dragline in place and producing. So in our first fiscal quarter of 2013, we will be fully operational. In terms of your question about Wingate and Four Corners, we fully intend to run those as hard as we're running those now until at least we have what we would call comfortable inventory levels in our Phosphate operations.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just have a question on -- we talk about the fact that we've had a sluggish start to the year, and that when North American demand really picks up, we should start to see improved dynamics in Phosphates. But to your point, Jim, we are getting some early application, even a little bit of corn already planted in Illinois. I'm just curious what the holdup is and why we aren't seeing more phosphate move already in light of the great economics, the large planting and the early weather window.
James T. Prokopanko: Good question. In spite of these unseasonably warm conditions and even Minneapolis, we -- where normally we'd have still 1 foot, 2 feet of snow to get rid of. On Sunday, we're going to have back up to 80-degree temperatures. Now that's -- farmers have been around long enough to know that, that can change rapidly. So one hesitation by farmers, why they wouldn't be planting more heavily today is, there could still be an early-season frost. And you plant a crop now, you get the moisture, good soil, warm, moist soil conditions. You get a crop up, corn's up, beans are up, and then you get a frost and you lose it and then you have to replant. So that's a very real risk. The other piece is that crop insurance in some of the Midwest states doesn't really kick in, I believe, till early April. And farmers aren't going to plant until they're good and sure there's not going to be an early-season frost nor are they going to plant outside of the crop insurance window. So it'll come. This is still very early, and the farmers are going to be well-prepared, ready to go on the first day that it's reasonable to do so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley from Gulley & Associates.
Mark R. Gulley - Gulley & Associates LLC: Jim, you referenced these 12 corn contract in your prepared remarks, and you've also talked about favorable planting conditions. I wonder -- I don't know if Dr. Rahm is in the room, but what is his view on farm pricing for corn for this year and how it might differ from what the market is telling us in terms of the -- these 12 contract?
James T. Prokopanko: Well -- and Mike, like half the analysts on the -- that are listed on this call are on vacation, it appears. So Mike can't be with us today. A lot to be played out in this going forward. You see ranges of 94 million acres plant forecast on corn. I've seen some as high as 97 million. Then you see yield estimates that could be sub-160 to -- I've seen one as high as 167. And our view is that depending on the size of the -- the yields mostly will drive prices. So we think the $5 to $5.50 range, given trend line yields and where our trend on corn is 161 BPA, bushels per acre, and we're forecasting approximately 94 million, 94.5 million acres, and I think we'll be able to sustain prices above $5. Now when you start getting into these higher corn acres, 94 million to 97 million acres, these last anywhere from 5 million to maybe high as 10 million acres are in prime corn growing land. You're starting to bring in land that farmers either hadn't previously had under cultivation or they're going to corn on corn or corn on corn on corn, which poses risks in that. So at a 97 million- or 94 million-acre crop, I think it's going to be, and I think Mike shares this view, a real challenge to beat trend line yields when you're bringing in every acre that you have available that you can plant something in. At the same time, we're not -- we're far from done. We need soybean acres planted as well. So you get pressure to go to this 97 million acres of corn. Soybeans are going to fight back, and you're going to see those bean prices go up and take away from corn. So we're not anticipating short of a bumper crop above trend line yields. We're not seeing corn prices slip below $5.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin McCarthy from Bank of America.
Christopher Perrella: This is Chris Perrella filling in for Kevin. I just wanted to ask, the inventory build for Potash that you had done for the fiscal third quarter, how long do you plan or what's the time frame for running that down back to more normal levels? And then for the MicroEssentials, can you remind me how much capacity you're adding and what your operating rate for MicroEssentials has been?
James T. Prokopanko: Those are 2 good questions for Rick McLellan to address.
Richard N. McLellan: The inventory buildup we're seeing on Potash is, we expect that to be drawn down over the last 90 days. And frankly, when we went into the third quarter, we had relatively low inventories, and we realize that we had to build them up to meet the demand. You can't sell an empty warehouse. And I'll ask Joc O'Rourke to step in and cover the question on MicroEssentials production.
James C. O'Rourke: Chris, MicroEssentials, we are expanding at our Louisiana plant. We're adding 600,000 approximately tonnes of capacity in Louisiana. And perfectly timed question, yesterday, the first production came off that line. So we should have a capacity of slightly over 2 million tonnes of MicroEssentials if and when the market needs it. Yes, and so far, we've sold basically everything we've produced.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Charles Neivert from Dahlman Rose.
Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question. As you guys move back into South Fort Meade and start taking rock -- more rock out of South Fort Meade, and obviously, the mix of rock that you're going to send to your plants is going to change, is that going to have any, at least for a period of time, a cost impact that you sort of change rock inputs? I mean, obviously, rock is a little different from place to place. So is there an adjustment that you're going to have to do in the Phos asset and the DAP plants? And is there a cost involved that we should be aware of?
James T. Prokopanko: Joc's ready to answer that question.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes, certainly, there's slight differences between the different rocks from the different mines but nothing material. If anything, South Fort Meade has historically been a very good cost operation. And so what we will see is, as we put more of our own rock and less purchased rock through our plants, we'll certainly see our cost come down slightly.
James T. Prokopanko: And with that, we're going to conclude. Everybody, have a great and safe spring season. We're going to have an outstanding year ahead of us, and we're ready for it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference today. You may all disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Laura Gagnon -  James T. Prokopanko - Chief Executive officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Michael Rahm -  Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President of Commercial Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Richard L. Mack - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary James C. O'Rourke - Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Edlain Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Andrew W. Cash - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Dean Groff
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations, of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter fiscal year 2012 earnings call. Presenting today will be Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer. We also have members of the senior leadership team available to answer your questions after our prepared remarks: Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Joc O'Rourke, Executive Vice President, Operations; Rich Mack, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; Rick McLellan, Senior Vice President, Commercial; and Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market and Strategic Analysis.  After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on Mosaic's results, as well as current and future market conditions, after which, we will open the lines for questions. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, January 5, 2012, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from these projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Good morning. Thanks, Laura, and welcome, everyone. Yesterday, we reported another quarter of strong results as highlighted on Slide 3. Our revenues were up 13% from the prior year. Net earnings were up 37%, and earnings per share of $1.40 were up 37% when excluding realized gains from the sale of Fosfertil last year.  We had a busy and highly productive second quarter. We improved our capital structure. We purchased 21.3 million shares for $1.2 billion. We issued $750 million of low-cost debt and called $469 million of high-cost debt. In addition, we resolved our tolling dispute at Esterhazy, and we made substantial progress on our strategic priorities.  Market fundamentals during the first half of our fiscal year were outstanding. We indicated in our last call that we expected fall industry shipments of North American Phosphate and Potash would equal the outstanding movement set a year ago. I'm pleased to report that shipments from June through November were up almost 1% from year ago. In addition, Brazilian crop nutrient shipments now are expected to reach 28.5 million metric tonnes in 2011, shattering the previous record of 24.6 million tonnes in 2007.  We also told you last quarter that we expected a seasonal lull following the large application seasons in both the Northern and Southern Hemisphere and that we expected our customers would delay purchases for the next season, possibly until late in our third fiscal quarter. However, it appears that seasonally slow buying patterns this year have been exacerbated by economic uncertainty, and these requests for price relief and the recent drop in nitrogen values reinforced the distributors' wait-and-see approach. That said, we continue to believe this is a timing issue and global demand will be delayed but not destroyed.  Agricultural markets continue to provide attractive opportunities, both near and long term. We remain confident that the fundamentals are far stronger than current sentiment. Markets are sending powerful signals to farmers to produce more, and farm economics remain highly profitable. There is far more confidence among farmers than crop input distributors as evidenced by North American farmers' strong prepayment purchases of crop nutrients in December. I'll conclude my remarks today with more on our current expectations. On Slide 4, you can see our Potash segment highlights. Our potash business continues to generate good results while successfully executing our Potash expansion plans. While sales volumes are flat year-over-year and sequentially, our volumes were down in North America. Our commitments for shipments to Canpotex, combined with low beginning inventories, limited our sales into North America. Our operating rate was 78%, up from 74% last year. We expect to operate at higher rates in the second half in order to meet our customers' needs for the upcoming application season. Average selling price was down slightly from the first quarter, driven by a higher percentage of international shipments and, within international, a higher proportion of standard product shipments under 2 large long-term contracts. By product, standard versus granular and both domestic and international selling prices increased sequentially.  Brine inflow expenses were slightly higher in the second quarter due to the introduction of horizontal drilling techniques. We are deploying this new technology in an effort to materially improve our brine management operations. These higher costs are expected to continue through our third fiscal quarter before reverting to recent historical levels. We expect full year brine management cost to reach $170 million to $180 million in fiscal 2012. Costs were also negatively impacted by higher labor costs, in part driven by increasing staff in preparation for the expansions that will be coming online in calendar 2012. Our flagship growth strategy is the expansion of our Saskatchewan Potash operations, and the 4 projects under construction today remain on track and on budget. We invested more than $267 million on these projects during the second quarter.  Slide 5 shows the expected increase in our capacity during this decade. At Esterhazy K2, we've completed our aboveground mill expansion ahead of schedule and below budget. Combined with our underground expansion activities, which are nearly complete, capacity is expected to increase by more than 750,000 tonnes a year. In addition, at the beginning of calendar 2013, 1.3 million tonnes of capacity will revert to Mosaic along with the related Canpotex allocation.  In 12 months, Mosaic's Esterhazy operation will have 2 million tonnes of incremental Potash peaking capacity to meet our customers' needs. In addition, expansion projects at Colonsay and Belle Plaine are expected to come online by the end of calendar 2012. Belle Plaine, we expect to complete our stage 1 expansion by mid-2012 and are beginning the next phase of our expansion plan. As the operator of the largest potash solution mine in the world, we believe we are best positioned to produce the white, premium potash derived from this type of mining.  Because of the nature of our solution mining, our brownfield expansions have a running start on any greenfield solution mine. We can create new cavities faster, drive higher saturation levels for quicker extraction of the minerals and we can leverage existing infrastructure, resulting in significantly lower costs than a greenfield investment.  The Phosphate segment, highlighted on Slide 6, operating earnings increased 7% due to higher selling prices, partially offset by higher raw material costs. Domestically, we've increased market share, due in part to the success of our premium MicroEssentials product. MicroEssentials now has a 9% share of North American sales. Our MicroEssentials expansion projects will increase capacity to 2.3 million tonnes and are on track for completion before the end of this fiscal year. Sequential improvement in gross margins to 22% reflect higher realized prices and continued mining and operational efficiency efforts, which more than offset higher raw material costs. Continued high operating rates in our mining operations have allowed us to limit phosphate rock purchases. Our Faustina ammonia plant was fully operational by the end of October. We're estimating the net cost of the plant outage to be approximately $10 million in the second fiscal quarter, comprised of $30 million in higher raw material costs, partially offset by a $20 million advance of insurance proceeds.  The supply and demand situation for raw materials, as well as their impact on our cost of goods sold, is worth spending more time on. As you can see on Slide 7, raw material costs have been on an upward march for the past 5 quarters. Last fall, we saw continued ammonia price increases, driven by high demand and a confluence of supply limitations. Since peaking in November, ammonia contract prices have declined over 20%. In addition, with our Faustina plant up and running, we expect cost benefits from our own manufacturing of ammonia to begin to accrue in our third fiscal quarter and to be fully reflected in our fourth fiscal quarter.  In the case of sulfur, we price our contracts quarterly but have begun to see favorable trends in spot pricing. It's important to remember that our realized prices also include storage, transportation and conversion costs for sulfur. We believe our contract prices will decline in the first calendar quarter of 2012 but remain uncertain as to the magnitude of that drop. Because of the lag between raw material pricing and when those costs run through our P&L, we expect higher phosphate cost per tonne in our third quarter. However, we expect lower raw material costs in our fourth fiscal quarter as we begin to see the benefits of lower input prices, as well as the benefits of our ammonia manufacturing.  Slide 8 shows how our rock volumes and costs have changed over the past 5 quarters. The bar chart shows sources of rock used in production. Purchased rock from third parties, excluding Miski Mayo, have increased from 4% of the total a year ago to just shy of 7% today. The majority of rock used in our U.S. operations, more than 90%, comes from our own mines. Our average rock cost, represented by the line on this chart, has risen from $51 per tonne a year ago to $73 last quarter. Three factors have caused this increase: one, the large increase in the market price of rock we purchase from third parties; two, the increase in shipments of Miski Mayo rock, which comes through our cost of goods sold at market price; and three, slightly higher mine rock cost due to low operating rates at South Fort Meade. This chart does not show the offset to purchases from our Miski Mayo joint venture, which we expect to contribute to equity earnings once the mine is fully operational.  Now I'd like to provide our perspective on the near-term outlook. Our forecast for record global phosphate and potash shipments in 2012 is underpinned by high prices for a wide variety of agricultural commodities and profitable farm economics worldwide. Slide 9 indicates the strength of farm economics today. Affordability continues to incent farmers to use crop nutrients to improve their yields.  In fact, Slide 10 shows the price of new crop corn today is a record for this time of the year, higher than any of the previous 4 years. Dealers in North America report a brisk prepayment season at the end of December. Most report that they have received as many or more dollars as they did during the last year's excellent season. This bodes well for strong spring demand and, more importantly, for strong application rates. Distributors, however, are delaying purchases for the upcoming season. Negative sentiment overhangs phosphate and potash markets due to several factors ranging from political and economic uncertainties to the recent and rapid declines in nitrogen prices. However, fundamentals for our products remain strong, much stronger than current sentiment. So while there continues to be uncertainties surrounding the timing of these sales for the next season, we firmly expect the tonnes will move.  Our confidence is reflected in our forecast for North American spring shipments shown on Slide 11. For both Phosphate and Potash, we are expecting North American shipments to exceed the 5-year averages and be nearer the high end of the 5-year ranges. The seasonal lull, combined with our expectation for a strong application season later this year, leads us to expect that our third fiscal quarter will be relatively weak, but much of this volume will be shifted into our fourth fiscal quarter.  Our third quarter guidance, shown on Slide 12, reflects a seasonal lull both in terms of volumes and pricing. For Potash, we're expecting volumes of 1.2 million to 1.5 million tonnes and an average MOP selling price of $430 to $460 per tonne. For Phosphate, we're expecting sales volume of 2.2 million to 2.6 million tonnes at an average DAP selling price of $530 to $560 per tonne.  Last week, we announced a 25,0000-tonne curtailment of our near-term planned phosphate production. As dealers and distributors focus on the macroeconomic uncertainty and delay purchases for the North American spring season, near-term supply of phosphate barges on the Mississippi River exceeded near-term demand. The spot prices in this market did not reflect our outlook for the business, nor do we think they were sustainable. In fact, in the past week, barge prices have rebounded by $40 to $50 per short tonne. With this production curtailment, our third quarter operating rate for phosphate production is expected to range from 70% to 80%. We expect our operating rate for Potash will be above 80% as we align our production to meet demand requirements.  Our annual guidance ranges for capital expenditures, taxes and SG&A have not changed. Post the seasonal low reflected in this guidance, we continue to expect strong farm demand in the first half of calendar 2012 and are forecasting record global shipments for both potash and phosphate in calendar 2012.  Slide 13 shows phosphate shipments over time. We estimate that global shipments of phosphate products totaled a record 60 million tonnes in 2011. In 2012, shipments are forecast to climb to yet another record in the 62 million to 64 million tonne range. This forecast includes a recovery in Indian shipments back to close to 2010 levels. Recent statements by the Indian government affirm our view that food security remains a top priority. While we forecast record demand, there still remains several supply uncertainties in 2012. Will the impact of the Arab Spring continue to curtail production in Tunisia, Syria and Egypt? Will Ma'aden's ramp up go as expected? And how much phosphate product will China export?  Despite efforts by the central government to rein in exports, Chinese producers found clever ways to skirt higher duties and ship record amounts of phosphate to offshore destinations in 2011. While the revamped export policy addresses some of these loopholes, the net impact in overall phosphate exports in 2012 remains to be determined.  Global MOP shipments are shown on Slide 14. We estimate that global shipments increased to a record 56 million tonnes last year due to large gains in Latin America and all regions of Asia except India. We forecast that shipments this year will climb to another record of 57 million to 59 million tonnes. Asia and Latin America are expected to continue to lead the upward march in global shipments. In these estimates, we are expecting growth in both Indian and Chinese shipments. In looking at 2012 supply dynamics, we expect the commissioning of a limited number of brownfield expansions. The more material expansion tonnes won't come online until 2013 or later. Before we open it up for questions, let me put things into perspective for you. Corn prices are well ahead of historical levels, and farmers are getting powerful signals to produce more. Farm economics remain strong and underpin record global phosphate and potash demand forecasts. There is more confidence among farmers than crop input distributors, as evidenced by large prepaid purchases before year end. These purchases by farmers will eventually end up in our order book. The opportunity in front of Mosaic is readily apparent. The world needs what farmers provide, and we help them deliver. We remain convinced that farmers will demand crop nutrients for both the next application season and in the long term and that we can continue to take advantage of these opportunities.  Back to you, Laura.
Laura Gagnon: We would now like to open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please open the phone lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on your outlook for phosphate, global phosphate shipments, which is unchanged versus where you were last quarter and hoping you could give some color on a, why you have so much confidence that India is going to step back into the market in a major way, given the extent of demand destruction we've seen so far from them. And then secondly, in light of the fact that you've got major production curtailments that have been announced by you and some of the other big suppliers, I think that the U.S. story can make sense to a lot of people, but those other 2 factors how those square with your expectation that, essentially, full year demand is going -- full year shipments will be unaffected.
James T. Prokopanko: Thank you for the question. Two points: what we see going forward in the phosphate market and what our expectations are in India, and second, why -- given some of the pullback in demand, why we should see the international markets pick up. What's driving this? I'm going to ask our economist, Dr. Rahm, to -- who's a keen observer of the -- of these markets to comment. But this is largely being driven by what we're seeing in the fundamentals of the grain and oilseed market: strong corn prices, good and strong oilseed prices. Countries around the world, farmers around the world, all have to step on the accelerator to produce more grains to meet the market signals that is demanding more production for more consumption. Mike, would you just add some color to what you're seeing in the Indian market?
Michael Rahm: Sure. Just to refresh everyone's memory, we're forecasting 62 million to 64 million tonnes of global processed phosphate shipments. Our point estimate, I think, is a hair above 63. In the case of India, our view comes largely from our team on the ground there, and they remain optimistic. And I think if you start from the premise of what's the government of India's overall policy, their policy is to improve food security, to stimulate agricultural productivity growth. And what we've seen this year is that we think that overall phosphate and potash use, given some of the issues with the execution of their subsidy policy, will be down 10% to 15%, and we're beginning to see some unrest in the countryside with respect to large increases, not only in crop nutrient prices but other crop input prices. And then we are confident that the government of India will act to correct some of this. We don't deny that 2012 may get off to a slow start, but we think there's going to be an acceleration of momentum as the year progresses.
James T. Prokopanko: Lindsay, I'll just add one piece to that. You asked about the curtailment and if that is sort of contrary to what we're seeing going forward. And that curtailment was largely prompted by what was a virtual stop in purchases of phosphate through the last part of December, and this was -- and I'll address this now. I'm sure questions will come up with some other callers, but we had a period where it was just -- a wall of worry was built around the dealers in North America based on this incessant bad news on the Europe budgetary issues and questions, political questions in North America. And people just stopped buying. December started with some weak grain prices, and that just gave dealers pause, and I think justifiable pause, to say, "Hey, we're just going to hold off buying until we see something, there's a catalyst in this market." Well, by the end of December, we started seeing a catalyst. Grain prices started going up on concerns of South American crop production issues, some drier conditions across the Midwest in the U.S. We're seeing some stronger grain prices, and we are absolutely confident that farmers are going to be back in the fields looking to and being incented to plant a record yield. So dealers didn't buy. There was limited supplies of product on the river that some people wanted to just blow out of inventory, some of the distributors that didn't want to carry inventory given all this uncertainty. Since then, higher grain prices, the anxiety in Europe has moderated a bit and we've got spring coming around the corner in North America. People are back in buying phosphates, and we see in a matter of a week, phosphate prices snap back $50 a tonne. So that isn't -- that explains the curtailment, but that doesn't change our view and doesn't imply anything about our view of the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Wondering if you could comment on where you would have thought fiscal 3Q volume would have been absent sort of all the issues that you just laid out, Jim. And I guess I'm just trying to understand -- Jim, your comment was that some of the demand deferral out of F 3Q will wind up in F 4Q, and I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of it will actually show up in F 4Q and sort of what your best sense is of how much of it is going to get deferred into F 1Q '13.
James T. Prokopanko: You're asking woulda, shoulda coulda. Maybe we lost a couple of hundred thousand tonnes of phosphate sales in December that we would have thought would have been there short of this lockup in dealer buying. Rick, do you want to add to that, any color to the dealer outlook?
Richard N. McLellan: It's hard to -- Jeff, it's really hard for us to kind of play the what-if game, although it is something -- or Vincent, I'm sorry. It is difficult for us to completely identify, but Jim's right. We saw a couple of hundred thousand tonnes of phosphates that probably are going to slip, and probably 300,000 to 400,000 tonnes of potash that we would have expected to ship in this quarter, and those will come back later on in the year, with a portion coming back in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In your forecast, you have your Canadian resource taxes and royalties in the range of $420 million to $470 million, so call it $445 million. And your resource taxes in the first half were $162.5 million, and your third quarter volumes will be meaningfully below where they were in the fiscal third quarter of last year. So I'm puzzled as to why you think that resource taxes and royalties will be, call it, $450 million. It looks to me like they should be more like, I don't know, $350 million.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Jeff, it's Larry here. Remember that the resources tax is paid on a calendar year basis, not on a fiscal year basis. And so as we start to look at the second half of our fiscal year, we're needing to make forecasts for our expectations for the calendar year of 2012, and that's what guides that estimate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez from Lazard Capital Markets.
Edlain Rodriguez - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Quick question on your outlook on potash. I mean, is it different from some of your competitors who are cutting down production while you note that you will be increasing your operating rate, or is it just a question of you letting somebody else take the lead on potash while you're doing something similar in phosphate in terms of cutting production?
James T. Prokopanko: So you're asking why no potash curtailment. Well, at present, we don't have a plan, and we don't believe it's necessary for our production plan to include a curtailment, and I'll tell you why. We began our fiscal year June with low inventories coming into the year, on our on-site inventory, on our dealer inventory -- they were low. We'd carefully balanced our production of potash over the summer months and this first 6 months of the fiscal year, and we've done that a couple of things by intention and by -- without intention. For example, our Christmas holiday turnaround, we extended that a couple of days. We had a turnaround in the fall season at Colonsay, a very good turnaround. That took a couple more days than was originally planned. So we've had a few of these minor cutbacks throughout the year, and we find ourselves in great shape in terms of inventory and warehouse capacity. We have room to pile the product. We're not desperate to sell it, and we're prepared for a very good spring with good, balanced inventories. That said, if the market deteriorates, and we don't expect it to deteriorate beyond our current forecast, we can take a curtailment. That could happen very quickly, and we can get an order to do that. Hope that answers your question, Edlain.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter from Deutsche Bank.
David L. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Jim, can you switch to China? Two things there. First, what's your view of Chinese inventories? And any color on the Chinese negotiations as you move into new year?
James T. Prokopanko: I'll talk about the negotiations, and I'm going to let Rick and Mike to give you some information on the inventories and country. We are just -- with the Chinese, we're always negotiating, although they're not formal negotiations, and negotiating through the year. So we've had some preliminary talks. Canpotex has had some preliminary talks with the Chinese, opening dialogues. We're just -- we've got Chinese New Year's around the corner. That will delay things a bit. So I don't expect anything meaningful is going to happen until post the new year's, and best I can say is that sometime this first quarter, calendar quarter, we'll see a renewed contract with the Chinese. I'm confident of that. Rick or Mike, would you like to add anything about the Chinese inventory positions?
Richard L. Mack: Sure. I'd make a couple of comments. In terms of the monitoring we do of port stocks, I think we're indicating about 650,000 tonnes of port inventories, up maybe a couple of hundred thousand tonnes from very low levels. But more importantly, our assessment from our team in China indicates that distribution channels are relatively low. So we think that much of the potash, it's used as NPK products, that many of these NPK producers are running on very lean inventories at this time.
Michael Rahm: Mike, I'll just add onto that. The one thing, we are seeing about 1.1 million tonnes of inventory in -- at the ports, not 600,000. That was what we're seeing for phosphates. And Mike's right. The NPK plants have not moved to fill up as they're still -- they haven't moved to take in phosphates as well. So that's -- the kind of in-country inventory is lower than we would have expected.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just trying to make sure I understand what's happening with rock costs. With the downward shift in production, are you going to purchase less rock and see your rock cost go down, or does it go the other way because you're locked in on the purchases? And related, I'm just curious if you're surprised that rock costs haven't already moved down further.
James T. Prokopanko: I'm going to have Joc O'Rourke, our leader of our operations of Phosphate and Potash address that. He looks after rock purchasing and product procurement.
James C. O'Rourke: So, Mark, the answer to your question basically is yes, we expect by curtailing production, the rock purchases will definitely decrease. That will lower our raw cost slightly, of course, because that's 7% that we buy. We haven't purchased rock in about 8 weeks now, so it's definitely making a difference to what we have to purchase. Going forward, we still expect to have to purchase rock. Yes, in terms of mitigation, as you're probably aware, we have increased the production of our other facilities. We have -- Miski Mayo that continues to ramp up and give us more rock. So we're in pretty darn good shape for rock, and we don't expect to have to enter into any long-term rock contracts, which we haven't to-date.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Jim, I want to go back to this issue of when dealers might start to restock. You attribute a lot of their reluctance to falling prices, particularly nitrogen. We've seen urea barge's bounce, as well as you noted, DAP barges bounced as well. Have you seen an increase in your order inquiries as a result? And then just as a follow-on to that, I know you've been doing more of your contingency selling or floor planning, as you call it. Has that contributed to the reluctance to hold inventories since, in essence, you're doing it for them? And then finally, if you're going to see this robust spring demand, are there any logistical issues that could come up where you might not be able to get all of the product in what could turn out to be a compressed selling season?
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, 3 questions you snuck in there. About the dealer behavior, I think it's really all about psychology and sentiment. Dropping grain prices at the end of -- at the beginning of December really had people concerned. That said, we're talking about grain prices that were $5 or maybe just under $5. Still good prices, but dealers are just really risk-averse following their 2008 experience. We are seeing dealers now come back. And as recently as yesterday, there's -- we're seeing a good variety of purchasing, whether barges or rail lofts. Dealers see that these are good values. Dealers have -- are going into the season with perhaps more inventory than they had in their warehouses last year. I think it's important to distinguish what kind of inventory they have. They may have -- and we just swag that -- there's no good data. Maybe their warehouses are, let's call, it 50% full. Not all of that is owned by the dealers. Some of that is some of this forward-priced -- to be determined -- price-to-be-determined contracts that we have with the dealers. That hasn't hit our sales book yet. That is in their warehouse, but they don't own it. And so they might have, I don't know, 25% of their warehouses filled with product that is -- they own. And again, that's just a swag and our best efforts at an estimate. The logistics, this is something that the industry has gotten very good at. In a very short compressed period of time working with the railways, working with the dealers, distributors, our production facilities, we managed to move a lot of product through a very short time window. And I've -- in my 30-plus years, I've not seen us not be able to get the product to a dealer in time. There might be some little spot or local outages, but that just hasn't happened in the past, logistics problems, so I don't expect it this year. I'd ask Rick to add some of his experiences and colors to what he's seeing in the North American dealer market.
Richard L. Mack: Yes. What we're seeing in the North American dealer market is customers stepping in and buying phosphates. That's happened in -- since we turned the calendar to January. We've had a fair bit of interest. And some of that is that inventory that you talked about, our floor inventory. But a lot of it is just stepping in to get product moving. We're not very far from this season beginning, and people realize that they don't want to put themselves in a position where they don't have the inventory. And so we've seen them move on phosphates, and they will move likely in the next 30 days on phosphates -- on potash as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Cash from UBS.
Andrew W. Cash - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a longer-term question. With natural gas prices down as low as they are, what's your latest thinking about putting together a long-term gas contract and going ahead and building one of those ammonia plants?
James T. Prokopanko: Jim here. Yes, gas is a bargain compared to other energy sources. It's quite remarkable, and we don't see that abating in the near term or even for the midterm. So it is attractive. We consume about 1.5 million tonnes of anhydrous ammonia a year. We produce 0.5 million tonnes in our Louisiana facilities for internal consumption. So we are short 1 million tonnes to our internal needs. This is something that's gotten our attention, particularly with the higher prices of ammonia and the good margins being earned. We're interested in getting into the nitrogen ammonia production for internal use. That said, there's some serious challenges there. One, you've -- we would like to find -- ideally find a long-term supply of gas, and that's tough. Producers don't like these low gas prices, so we struggle to find someone that's going to give us long-term gas supplies, but we're looking and we're optimistic we'll find something. We don't want to go from being short 1 million tonnes of ammonia to our production needs of phosphate to going then to being 32 million times -- million tonnes of natural gas short, so moving one short to another. So we'll need to get that done. And then permitting. That's a real issue, and there's challenges there, and we're assessing. It's under consideration and a project we're taking seriously, but there's much work to be done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joel Jackson from BMO Capital Markets.
Joel Jackson - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Wanted to go back to the Chinese market. You made comments earlier in the call that you expect the Chinese phosphate exports to be less this year relative to last year. In looking at some of the reports coming out of China, it seems that the 2012 tariff, export tariff regime in the low tariff period could actually have higher tariffs in the same-priced domestic product versus 2011 offset by, of course, more products such as TSP and other blends included into the tariff regime. Could you just elaborate on your comments about exports being less in 2012?
James T. Prokopanko: Joel, that's a good question. This is a real interesting topic is what's happened and what the Chinese are doing. I'll just give a bit of a overview on it. The Chinese have been trying to keep more of the phosphate at home, keep phosphate agricultural input costs down in an effort to keep food prices down. They have put in the export tariff regime a couple of years ago, and very creative producers and exporters in China found ways around that. And this time, the national government has -- that's come to their attention. They understand what's being exported, and they are serious about curtailing those exports. And I'll ask Mike to give you some of the details around what they're doing and some of the creativity the producers had in exporting products this past year.
Michael Rahm: Okay. If you look at what's happened, as Jim said, the government of China has been trying to rein in exports and are failing miserably in that task. In 2010, exports surged to about 6.1 million tonnes of DAP/MAP and triple-super phosphate. We think that when all the numbers get counted, that's probably going to increase to at least 6.5 million tonnes when the December numbers come in. You make a good point in terms of what will happen in 2012. The Chinese have gotten around the higher tariffs by exporting more TSP. I think TSP exports will probably increase 90% to 100% this year. They've exported lots of NP products. And if you look at just total phosphate exports in terms of P2O5, Chinese exports will be up an incredible 30%. So certainly, the government's not achieving its policy objective to conserve precious natural resources and the like. We're not -- we don't have an answer in terms of what will happen in 2012. You're correct in that some of the changes in how the policy is implemented will result in higher netbacks on exports to Chinese producers. So there is certainly is an incentive to export less of these other products like TSP and NPs and export more DAP and MAP. So it remains to be seen how that plays out, but one thing is certain. There's going to be a lot more product that needs to be pushed through this eye of the needle that runs from about June 1 through September 30, and we think that there will be some pretty significant logistical challenges, and as a consequence, we're using a lower number in our S&D.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Jim, you mentioned that you've put some inventories in the dealer bench under these forward pricing contracts. Do you believe that you are unique in doing that, or do you think your competitors are also doing the same thing? And secondly, can you talk about potash inventories on the ground in Brazil and India similar to the comments you made about China?
James T. Prokopanko: I'm going to turn that over to Rick McLellan, the leader of our commercial operations, to address.
Richard N. McLellan: I think there was a couple of questions there. As far as what other people are offering or other suppliers are offering, I think you'd better ask them. We know what we're doing with our customers, and frankly, it's worked very well for us and for those customers. As far as inventories in Brazil, there is no year-end number that's been reported yet out of Brazil, but I think the number will be someplace over 1 million tonnes and less than 1.3 million tonnes of carryout inventory and also -- in almost a 29 million-tonne market. So when you think about that and you think about the economics for the Brazilian soybean farmer, sugarcane farmer, just about every crop that's raised there, that's probably a good heel of inventory. Now the expectation is, is that Brazil will enter the market sometime in the next 60 days. They'll get through the Sophronia season, which is going to be in the next 60 days, and then we'll be assessing when they come back in. In India, inventories will continue to build up as they take shipments on this year's program. And frankly, we expect they'll be somewhere at the end. Mike, do you have the number? Is it like 1.4 million-tonnes carry out? Something like that. So it, frankly, puts them in the same situation they were in last year, that the negotiations will drag on in India on potash into the calendar third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley from Ticonderoga Securities.
Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: My question has to do with producer inventories on a go-forward basis. Some of the publications are talking about the fact that domestic producer inventories could be as much as 25% above normal levels, both in phosphates as well as potash. Jim, are you able to comment on that issue at this time?
James T. Prokopanko: I'm going to have Mike -- we watch that closely, and Mike's got some information on that.
Michael Rahm: Sure. As you probably know, if you look at inventories on November 30, phosphate inventories were -- they've been fairly stable for the last 4 or 5 months. We -- the S&D analysis we do, when we look at projected demand and supply -- expected supply, we go through and project those out for 12 to 18 months. We don't see inventory -- producer-level inventories increasing above a 5-year average, if you will. So they sort of range, in our view, from kind of the low end of the range to the 5-year average. But we don't see them rising to the high end of the 5-year range, certainly. There's a lot of assumptions, obviously, that go into those. We just -- we always say we hope all of the errors are unbiased, that we overestimate and underestimate some things, but at the end of the day, we do make those projections, and they don't look troublesome to us at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Picken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: I was wondering if you guys could give us an update in terms of what's happening with the South Fort Meade litigation and specifically also kind of what you've been doing at some of your other mines in terms of operating rates to maybe compensate. I realize, obviously, you guys have cut production near term, but any update on that would be helpful.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, Michael, I'm going to have Richard Mack, our GC, address that. But before he does, let me say that it's -- Joc explained some of the mitigation efforts we have undertaken, and we're quite impressed with what our operational people have been able to do to work around the -- our getting into the South Fort Meade extension area. We remain confident we're going to get our permit, and we think we'll get it sooner rather than later in some form or fashion. I'm going to allow Rich to just address the specifics of the legal and other aspects of the South Fort Meade.
Richard L. Mack: Sure. Thanks, Jim. Michael, there's 3 things that I would simply refresh on relating to South Fort Meade. First, there is a pending motion for a limited stay with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. This relates to uplands-only mining, and this has been pending since October. And I think it's reasonable to anticipate that a ruling could be at -- on any given day now. I think it's ripe, and we're anticipating that we'll hear something relatively quickly. Just as a reminder, if we're successful in that motion, that would be about 18 to 24 months of significant mining at South Fort Meade, which would allow us to address any appeals that may be necessary relating to our South Fort Meade permit. Second, we have appealed the entirety of the preliminary injunction, and that is also pending with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. They have granted expedited status, which is discretionary, and oral arguments have been scheduled for the first week in March. And as a reminder, the 11th Circuit reversed the District Court in the first preliminary injunction, 4 days after our oral argument in that matter. And then finally, we're waiting for a ruling from the District Court judge in Jacksonville on the permit itself. That has been long pending, and we don't know exactly when we're going to get a ruling on that. But we simply need to see what the ruling says to determine any future course of action that we might take. But as Jim noted, this is a comprehensive permit, the most comprehensive permit that's ever been issued. The standard here for the Army Corps is did they act arbitrarily or capriciously, and with all of the evidence and diligence that went into this permit, we think the facts will speak for themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elaine Yip.
Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So most of my questions have been answered, but can you talk a bit about your potash operating rates in the second quarter? Beside the plant turnaround, was there anything that prevented you from running at higher rates? And as you carry out your brownfield projects, will you need to take any downtime or slow production at any sites?
James C. O'Rourke: Elaine, Joc O'Rourke here. I'll answer that question for you. In terms of the second quarter production, the biggest issue was our Colonsay turnaround, and we did, as you mentioned, took a couple of extra days. We had some extra work that we felt it was opportune time to do. We ran that shutdown. It was 1,000 person shutdown, so the biggest we've run at that place. We're doing a bunch of tie-ins for the new project. We're able to do that project without any medical treatment injuries or anything like that, so it was extremely successful shutdown, but we let it go a couple of extra days to make sure we got everything done the way we wanted to get it done. So that was really the biggest issue in the second quarter. Do we have capacity? Yes, we have capacity to probably run a little more in the next quarter if it's needed by the market. But we don't see right now that we'll just keep balancing the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Neivert from Dahlman Rose.
Charles N. Neivert - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just one quick question. I know back when the South Fort Meade issue began to rear its ugly head you guys had talked about having a period of time I guess through the end of 2011 where you wouldn't really have any problems with your rock supply. And I think you extended that to maybe the end of this first calendar quarter. Has that been maybe extended further, possibly where you don't have to go to any extreme means to get rock or when do -- if there isn't any ruling or it continues to be sort of dragged out, how much longer can you go on sort of relatively normal operations without any extensive extra buying in the marketplace?
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, that is -- as I said earlier, and I'll just reinforce, our operations and mining team have just done a remarkable job of squeezing more out of our existing -- 3 existing operating mines. We're finding they're operating at record rates, and in fact, in some cases, beyond what their boilerplate rate -- stated rates were. So we're quite impressed, and we've had a resourceful and a creative team that's been able to, as I'd like to say, continue to pull rabbits out of their hat. And now, I'm going to have Joc just talk about some of the further actions we're taking and try to give you some specificity on how much more time we can keep pulling these rabbits out of the hat.
James C. O'Rourke: Okay, Charles. So from the perspective -- I think the question your asking is how long can it last. At this stage, one of the things to remark on is while we've taken out finished product production in phosphates, the mines are continuing to run full out. So they're not slowing down for everything -- anything. We've increased production in the other mines, the 3 mines, so Wingate, Four Corners and Hookers Prairie mine. South Fort Meade, we moved to dragline north in Polk County. So we're doing everything we can to continue. We've been able to hold inventories during this period with, I think, something like 7% external purchases. We believe we can keep doing that for quite a while yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have just a few quick ones. First of all, in the event -- just back to India. In the event that India does not alter the current nutrient subsidy regime and ultimately, we end up seeing P&K application down -- I think you said 10% or 15% is what you expect the impact to be -- when is the earliest you would expect to see some impact to yields as a result of subpar fertilizer application, so we would sort of see that spill through the commodity market? My next question is in terms of your potash production, you got pretty low shipment forecast for the next quarter, yet you'll be producing at an operating rate at or similar to what we saw this quarter, so that suggests you'll be building some inventory. Can you just comment on that strategy or your expectations, why you're making that decision? And then lastly, as it relates to the higher brine inflow costs, is that essentially why we've been seeing the cash cost of potash production increasing? Is that something that's a one-off or should we see an improvement back to more historic levels into next year? Hello, is anyone there?
James T. Prokopanko: I'm sorry. I didn't have my mic on. The India question. They've really been putting the nitrogen to their fields without full consideration of the P&K rates that they need. And in fact, the large majority of the subsidies that's paid in India is going towards nitrogen, and it's only maybe 1/4 of the subsidies are going towards P&K. So there is an imbalance there. A couple of years of cutbacks in P&K application rates, they're getting to the end of the rope on that. They're going to start seeing some agronomic impacts and reduced yields because of the reduced rates. And not only are they going to have agronomic impacts, there's going to be political impacts. And that's already starting to show itself in some of the communities, agricultural communities of India where farmers are finding that they aren't getting the returns they need to continue their farm operations, and so you have a political aspect there. Farmers know that they're not applying the right rates of P&K. They're seeing that show up in the revenues that are being diminished at the farm gate, and that is bringing pressure on it. So can they get another year out of it? Maybe, but I just don't see how they can go beyond another year without having some meaningful observed reductions in yield rates. Mike, you want to add to that?
Michael Rahm: Just a quick comment. And I don't -- think of it not so much in terms of reduction in yields but the lack of growth in yields. India yields today are relatively low. And as they look to try to stimulate agricultural productivity growth, a key to that is better balanced nutrition including more P&K, as well as micronutrients. So no, we don't expect the collapse of yields, but at the same time, this is a real drag on efforts to try to increase productivity growth in India.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: And Lindsay, it's Larry. Just with respect to your final 2 questions. On the potash production versus sales outlook, just to repeat our view, we're expecting a very strong spring season, and so at least at this point in time, we're planning to produce at better than 80% operating rates in anticipation of a strong spring season. And while third quarter sales are going to be much lower than we once expected, we do expect a significant snapback in sales and volume in the fourth fiscal quarter. And then finally, with respect to your question about potash costs, potash costs have crept up in the last couple of quarters for an assortment of reasons: higher labor costs, higher contract labor due to the Colonsay turnaround that Joc mentioned earlier. As -- we also had some losses on derivative contracts in the second quarter. But brine inflow cost, as you mentioned, also were increased in the second quarter due to the introduction of this new technology, horizontal drilling, which we think might provide us even more effective mitigation of the brine inflow matter at Esterhazy. We think those higher brine inflow costs will persist into the third quarter before dropping down in the fourth quarter. All told, with higher production rates expected in the second half of the year, we do expect better gross margins in the Potash business in the second half of the year relative to what we saw in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotia Capital.
Dean Groff: This is Dean Groff sitting in for Ben. I have a question on the market mix as it pertains to the potash. In Q2, we saw the mix approximately 1/3 North America, 2/3 international. How should we think about this -- the direction or the development of this mix in the next quarter or 2, and perhaps maybe you can provide some details on the international markets?
James T. Prokopanko: We're going to have Rick McLellan talk to you about the mix for the next 2 quarters.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes. I think you should think about it as getting more back to what we would normally see in our Q3, which is 50% international, 50% domestic. And the key thing to remember as you look at Q2 is that we had a higher percentage of standard. We'll go back to more granular in this current market condition -- or in our calendar Q3.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. With that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. We remain excited about the future of our business and the outlook of our company. We think Mosaic provides a remarkably attractive opportunity to participate in the positive fundamentals of the agricultural markets, and ultimately, fundamentals will win out over sentiment. We thought our stock price was great value at $54.58 when we executed on our share buyback, and it's only more attractive now. We're well positioned to leverage our high quality assets, our operational expertise and our solid balance sheet. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of phosphate and potash. Thank you for calling in, and I wish everybody a prosperous new year. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-09-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard N. McLellan - Senior Vice President of Commercial Laura Gagnon - VP, IR James C. O'Rourke - Executive Vice President of Operations James T. Prokopanko - Chief Executive officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Michael Rahm -  Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Michael Piken - Cleveland Research P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Bill Carroll James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital Inc., Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market and Strategic Analysis and other members of the senior leadership team. We've decided to take a few more minutes of your time with our prepared remarks today to allow a review of our global markets. After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on Mosaic's results and competitive position. Mike will review global supply and demand trends, and Larry will review our first quarter financial results and outlook. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, September 29, 2011, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Thanks, Laura, and welcome everyone. Last week, we pre-released our first quarter results in conjunction with our S&P inclusion offering. As Larry will review with you later, the results reflect the continued fundamental strength of our markets. In fact, this was one of the best first quarters in the history, only surpassed by the extraordinary conditions in 2008. This quarter's strength reflects both favorable market conditions and our focus on execution as we continue to position Mosaic for long-term success. While global GDP trends are uncertain and financial markets are extremely volatile, agricultural markets continue to provide attractive opportunities both near and longer term. We remain confident of our positive outlook. Calendar 2011 is expected to result in yet another year of record U.S. farm income. We believe grain and oilseed prices will continue to reflect growing global demand and the requirement for farmers to increase production to meet that demand. In this environment, we continue to expect strong return for farmers leading to continuing strong results for Mosaic. In addition to strong earnings, we've continued to execute our strategy to capitalize on the positive long-term fundamentals of our business. One of our stated goals for fiscal 2012 is to strengthen our relationships with customers. During this quarter, we completed our annual North American customer survey and achieved a best-in-class rating, the highest score we've received since we started measuring.  In Potash, we continue to invest in growing our volumes. Our 5 million tonne expansion program will allow us to remain one of the top potash producers in the world. With over a century of reserves, these brownfield expansions provide economical access and high returns on our investments. We invested $200 million in the first quarter and our aggressive potash expansion program continues to be on time and on budget. The next scheduled capacity comes online in fiscal 2013 at our Esterhazy mine where mechanical construction is nearly complete.  The operational excellence campaign that we have successfully deployed in phosphates is now being applied in potash with a focus on improving production rates. This has allowed us to complete the seasonal maintenance turnaround at Esterhazy ahead of schedule, and we are on track with our Colonsay turnaround occurring in our second fiscal quarter.  In Phosphates, we continue to improve operating and production efficiency. As an example, total phosphate rock production was up an impressive 20% year-over-year, primarily as a result of a 37% increase in production at our Four Corners mine. As an update on our South Fort Meade litigation, we recently moved a second dragline into Polk County to mine various remnant parcels, while we wait to hear from the federal district court on our permit. Over the past 60 days, we have also advanced several matters with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals, including a motion for limited stay to allow uplands-only mining, a request for the 11th Circuit to reinforce its prior ruling and a full appeal of the preliminary injunction. We hope to hear from both courts soon.  In the interim, however, our mining operations in Florida have really stepped up their production levels, which together with phosphate rock from our Miski Mayo joint venture and without incremental third-party purchases, have significantly mitigated the impact of the reduced production at South Fort Meade. We expect this will be the case for the remainder of fiscal 2012. In phosphates, our strategy to increase value also includes growing our innovative premium products. Production of MicroEssentials, our premium crop nutrient product continues to grow, reaching a new record in the quarter. We also introduced the first new feed phosphate product in 40 years, Nexfos, which will provide substantial benefits for our customers.  Before I turn it over to Mike for a review of global markets, I'd like to acknowledge another step in the orderly distribution of our shares relating to this Cargill transaction. Last week, Mosaic was included in the S&P 500 index, which is an appropriate recognition for a company of our size and stature. As we have previously signaled, S&P 500 inclusion provided us the opportunity to place an additional 20.7 million shares from the Margaret A. Cargill trusts. This substantially reduces the near-term overhang, leaving 21.3 million shares to be sold by the trusts between now and August 2012. We have approached the trust to repurchase these shares, but to-date have not reached an agreement. As of today, we see no investment in our industry more compelling than our own shares. As a reminder, during the first 2 years after the Cargill transaction, we can only purchase shares from the trusts.  I'll return for some concluding remarks. But now, I'd like to turn it over to Dr. Mike Rahm for a review of our global markets. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin with the outlook for agricultural commodity markets. There's a tug-of-war taking place between powerful outside market influences and strong agricultural commodity fundamentals. Our assessment is that agricultural commodity fundamentals are just too strong not to win this contest. Let me explain why. First, markets fret way too much about the impact of a potential economic slowdown on food demand. As this chart shows, global grain and oilseed demand is marching upward at an accelerating pace and it didn't miss a step during the great global recession. Use increased 2.1% in '08, '09 or right in line with the compound annual growth rate for the decade. The USDA currently forecasts that demand will increase 2.2% in '11, '12 and that follows a 2.4% increase in '10, '11.  Second, agricultural commodity markets must bid for more acres in 2012, and then hope that mother nature cooperates in order to prevent another drawdown in global inventories. This chart shows that grain and oilseed stocks are projected to decline for a second year in a row in '11, '12, despite the extraordinarily strong price signals since mid-2010. The world needs a stronger supply response in 2012. Of the major crops, corn is the poster child for tight agricultural commodity markets. Both global and U.S. inventories, as a percentage of use, are projected to decline to the second lowest percentage in modern history. As a result, we estimate that the market will need to bid for 93 million to 95 million acres of corn from the United States next spring. As you can see from this slide, the positive outlook for agricultural commodities underpins record phosphate and potash demand forecasts. In the case of phosphate, we estimate that global shipments of the leading solid products will increase to 60 million to 61 million tonnes in 2011 and to 62 million to 64 million tonnes in 2012. In the case of potash, we now estimate that global MOP shipments will increase to 56 million to 57 million tonnes this year and then to 58 million to 60 million tonnes in 2012. Now let's review the situation and outlook in a few key geographies. In North America, 2012 new crop prices continue to trade at high levels and farm economics remain highly profitable. That is evident in recent farm income estimates. The USDA now estimates that U.S. net cash farm income will surge to a record $115 billion in 2011, up 24% from the record last year. The agency also projects that expenditures on crop nutrients will climb to a record $26.2 billion in 2011, up $3.6 billion from the previous record in 2008. The stars and moons look aligned for an outstanding fall application season. In fact, as you can see from this chart, we project that fall application this year will at least match the spectacular season a year ago and exceed the 5-year average by a significant margin. In the case of phosphate, North American shipments of the leading solid products are projected to total 9 million to 9.5 million short tonnes in '11, '12. Our current point estimate is 9.4 million and we estimate that assuming a normal application window, shipments for fall application will total 4.5 million short tonnes and shipments for the spring season will total 4.9 million tonnes.  In the case of potash, North American MOP shipments are forecast to total 10.5 million to 11 million short tonnes in '11, '12. Our current point estimate is 10.8 million and we estimate that shipments for fall application will total 4.7 million short tonnes and shipments for the spring season will total 6.1 million short tonnes. In South America, agricultural commodity markets are counting on this region to produce a bumper crop this year. The planting season is not off to an early start in some regions due to the development of another La Niña weather pattern. In Brazil, high commodity prices and the recent weakening of the real have boosted farm profitability, as well as prospects for record crop nutrient shipments this year. Total crop nutrient shipments now are forecast to climb to a record 26.2 million to 26.7 million tonnes this year, up from 24.6 million tonnes last year. Brazil is expected to import record or near-record volumes of potash and phosphate this year. This chart shows that MOP imports are projected to increase to a record 6.8 million to 7 million tonnes this year, and then increase to 7 million to 7.2 million tonnes in 2012. Imports of the leading solid phosphate products are forecast to climb to 3.6 million to 3.7 million tonnes this year and remain in that range in 2012.  In India, another good monsoon has bolstered the agricultural outlook, despite large expected increases in retail DAP and MOP prices this year. In the case of potash, our latest tally indicates that importers have contracted for about 5.8 million tonnes of MOP for delivery during the '11, '12 fiscal year. And we estimate that shipments in calendar year 2011 likely will reach 4.8 million to 5.2 million tonnes, off from the record 6.3 million tonnes last year but much greater than expectations just a couple of months ago. Imports are forecast to climb to a record 6.3 million to 6.5 million tonnes in 2012.  In the case of phosphate, we project that overall phosphate use will increase slightly this year but DAP consumption will decline moderately due mainly to delays in settling contract prices and reduced availability from China. DAP shipments are forecast to total 10.4 million to 10.6 million tonnes this year, and DAP/MAP imports are projected to total to 7 million to 7.2 million tonnes in 2011 and then rebound to 7.7 million to 7.9 million tonnes in 2012. In China, farm economics remained favorable and underpinned good domestic P&K demand prospects. Domestic phosphate and potash shipments are forecast to increase 8% and 6%, respectively this year. Potash imports are estimated to climb to 5.8 million to 6 million tonnes this year, and then increase to 6 million to 6.5 million tonnes in 2012. Exports of the leading phosphate products are forecast to drop to 5.2 million to 5.4 million tonnes this year, off from a record 6.1 million tonnes in 2010 and remain about stable at 5.1 million to 5.4 million tonnes in 2012. In summary, we expect that strong agricultural commodity fundamentals will win the current tug-of-war, and this victory will underpin record crop nutrient demand forecasts.  Now over to you, Larry.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thanks, Mike, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on Slide 18, there's been no change in our reported numbers since our prerelease last week. As Jim said, we had very strong first quarter results. Because of the confidence of farmers and distributors and the strength of the fall application season, we shipped large volumes in the first fiscal quarter. This compares to last year, when a significant portion of fall application shipments fell into the second fiscal quarter. Many distributor warehouses are fully stocked in preparation for a blockbuster fall season. Earnings in the quarter were $526 million or $1.17 per share compared to $298 million or $0.67 per share a year ago. Included in these earnings were several notable expense items, which lowered earnings by $0.04 per share after tax as detailed in the press release. We generated an impressive $554 million in operating cash flow this quarter. This is flat with last year, as the impact of stronger earnings was offset by a decline in the impact of customer prepayments. We invested $391 million in capital expenditures with over half of this going toward our potash extensions, and we continue to maintain a very strong capital and cash position with over $4 billion in cash and cash equivalents. As for our financial policies, we continue to target a minimum $1.5 billion liquidity buffer and sufficient balance sheet strength to maintain our current credit ratings. This will provide ample flexibility to take advantage of potential opportunities. Our priorities for cash deployment remain the same, investing in the business, investing in strategic opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. With respect to that latter point, note that we are ready, willing and eager to repurchase the remaining 21.3 million shares that the Margaret A. Cargill trust may sell in the near future, and have offered to do so as we believe our stock price represents a compelling value at current price levels. As it turns out, the trusts also recognize value and have indicated they are unwilling to sell additional shares at this time at current prices. We will maintain a dialogue with the trust with whom we have a good relationship on this topic.  Now let's talk about segment results. Our Potash segment showed strong results in the first quarter. Potash operating earnings were $402 million, up over $184 million from last year as highlighted on Slide 19. This improvement was primarily due to increased selling prices and volumes and a 19 percentage point increase in operating rates, partially offset by higher Canadian resource taxes and royalties.  Moving on to Phosphates as summarized on Slide 20. We generated $333 million in operating earnings compared to $178 million a year ago, an increase of 87%. The increase in operating earnings was primarily due to increased selling prices, partially offset by higher raw material costs. Gross margin was 18% compared to 15% last year. As expected, gross margin was negatively impacted by raw material costs while we continued to aggressively pursue efficiency improvements in controllable costs. Mosaic's margin in international distribution remains high, reflecting overall positive price trends and our focus on capturing margin opportunities in a rising price environment. We recognize that understanding phosphate cost of goods sold is one of the bigger challenges for investors. Ammonia, sulfur and phosphate rock are key inputs to our finished products with cost driven by market prices of these key commodities. A complicating factor is a lag between published spot prices and when those prices are reflected in cost of goods sold. This chart shows the drivers of the margin change from the fourth quarter of last year to the first quarter. First, higher sulfur and ammonia prices lowered gross margins sequentially by 3 percentage points including the outage at our Faustina ammonia plant. Faustina historically provides about 1/3 of our ammonia needs, and the outage increased cost by $15 million in the quarter. Second, a change in sales mix as a result of increased international sales reduced margin by approximately 2 percentage points. Third, lower mine production levels and chemical plant turnarounds lowered gross margin by approximately 1 percentage point. And fourth, higher phosphate rock costs negatively impacted gross margin by approximately 1 percentage point, primarily due to the impact of Miski Mayo rock replacing Florida rock. Recall that Miski Mayo rock comes into cost of goods sold at close to market prices with an expected future offset in equity income. Going forward, we expect the second quarter phosphate margin to remain comparable to the first quarter. Our ammonia plant is scheduled to come back online in October, ramping up to full production in November. This will be timely in light of continued tight supply-demand dynamics for ammonia. The third quarter will also reflect higher ammonia cost due to the lag between raw material purchases and recognition and cost of goods sold. We expect Faustina to provide the normal benefit to cost of goods sold in the fourth fiscal quarter.  Now let me shift to our financial outlook and guidance for the next quarter as summarized on Slide 22. As we have already seen in first quarter shipments, we expect the fall application season to be as good as or better than last year's strong season. Assuming weather cooperates; distributors will soon begin to replenish inventories for the balance of fall requirements. For our second quarter of fiscal 2011, we estimate total potash sales volumes of 1.7 million to 2.1 million tonnes and an average MOP selling price of $440 to $465 per tonne. This average price reflects our expectation of a higher percentage of standard product in our international sales mix, which lowers the average price. We expect to run our potash mines for the second quarter between 80% and 90% of operating capacity, up from the first quarter but slightly impacted by turnaround activities at our Colonsay mine.  In our Phosphates segment for the second quarter, we estimate total sales volumes of 3.1 million to 3.5 million tonnes at an average DAP selling price of $600 to $625 per tonne. The most recent pricing of the PhosChem India contract narrows the spread between this base load contract and current spot prices. To meet continued high demand, we expect to operate our North American phosphate plants in excess of 85% of granulation capacity. As I indicated earlier, second quarter margins in this segment are expected to remain comparable with the first quarter due to higher raw material costs flowing through cost of goods sold.  Our annual guidance for capital expenditures, Canadian resource taxes and royalties, SG&A and the effective tax rate have not changed. For those of you interested in modeling, note that we have provided an appendix to the slide deck with additional thoughts for how to model Canadian resource taxes.  With that, I'd like to now turn it back to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: We continue to believe strongly in the near- and long-term opportunities in crop nutrients. Over the past 40 years, global demand for grains and oilseeds has declined twice; in both cases, as a result of lack of supply issues and prices, rationing demand. Economic uncertainty has historically, not impacted demand and we've yet to see any impact on our customer sentiments. At Mosaic, we intend to continue to take advantage of these opportunities; our best-in-class assets, effective execution and a rock-solid balance sheet gives us the flexibility to invest, grow and unlock value for our shareholders. Back to you, Laura.
Laura Gagnon: We would now like to open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please open the phone lines.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Mike Rahm, a question for you on the corn side. The USDA has been very aggressive in cutting demand as they -- to offset their production cuts. Just wondering what you think of some of those demand cuts, and are stocks really tighter that what they're reporting? I mean as an example, they have export demand below the '09 recession level. They cut residual by $200 million, so I just want to get your opinion as to what's really going on with corn demand and how tight the situation really is.
James T. Prokopanko: Don, we'll direct that to Dr. Rahm to answer. Mike?
Michael Rahm: Yes, USDA has cut huge amounts of use out of their recent estimates. And you're right, many people question if those are legitimate. And certainly, when you look at everything from some of the processing margins, then ethanol and so forth, you wonder whether or not prices are high enough to eliminate that much demand. The other interesting point that I know you're aware of is the fact that expectations in the October 12 report are that USDA is probably going to cut 400,000 to 500,000 acres out of their harvested area estimate based on FSA estimates. So the corn market is extremely tight. There's no question about that, and I think there's some positive fundamental news still to come in the corn market. And that said, there are good reports coming from, I guess, better reports coming out of fields in terms of the current crop. So that may offset some of that, but you're right in that. The corn market remains extremely tight in the U.S.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just as a follow-up, you talked about 93 million to 95 million acres but can we get that high? It seems a lot of farmers this year are seeing very disappointing corn on corn yields, which would suggest maybe they go back to normal rotation pattern?
Michael Rahm: Well, certainly I think we can get it at a price and I think that's the issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elaine Yip from Credit Suisse.
Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just a question on your phosphate volume guidance. You stated that North American phosphate demand is expected to match last year's levels, usage in other regions also expected to be high. Yet, your guidance for the fiscal second quarter seems a bit low and it seems to imply volumes perhaps lower than last year's second quarter. Can you provide some color around your assumptions?
James T. Prokopanko: Sure, Elaine. Both potash and phosphate have some variance from the norm year-to-year, depending on seasonal swings and timing that revenue recognition matters that come over not just the current but maybe the last 2 quarters. I'm going to ask Rick McCullen, leader of our commercial operations to give you some specifics and color around what's happened over the past 2 quarters.
Richard N. McLellan: I'll start with phosphates. The issue with phosphates is frankly, all round timing and I'd preface my remarks with the fact that on our phosphate volumes, last year's Q2 was the biggest Phosphates segment volume that we've had since the start of Mosaic. So it's a bit -- it's not representative of the norm. The second piece is that where we're expecting lower volumes is in our international distribution segment, where we have consciously a lower program going on in India. And in Brazil, we had anticipations of volumes that some of them will move into our Q4. So frankly, we expect a strong Phosphates segment move and are looking forward to that. On potash, we're shipping out the door everything that we can produce.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark W. Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Jim, just trying to dig into the Phosphate business a little more. Your crop nutrient blend business has been growing faster than some of the other segments for a while. Can you give us a sense of whether that's something we can expect to continue? And also, are the margins in that business as good as your regular business?
James T. Prokopanko: Mark, I'll talk about the margins, and I'm going to let Rick talk about the blend and the mix of our blend fertilizers. Margins on the Phosphates have been strong, and with we believe to be some further upside potential. And the reason we see the upside potential is a strong rock-solid grain fundamentals currently and into the foreseeable future at least the next crop, as well as a tight fertilizer S&D particularly among the phosphates side of the business. So if it weren't for some macroeconomic uncertainties that's going around the world and that includes dealers and farmers who are just moderately more cautionary about what they do with inventories, we would see, I think, some potential for some greater upside on the margins. But when I do say there's -- the macroeconomics are affecting the psychology, it's just more care in consideration of the risk that's going forward. Nobody in the ag marketplace is seeing weakening grain prices, materially weakening below the kind of levels we have now and we see it's necessary to keep these prices going forward, and farmers want to grow the volumes necessary to restore the S&D to a safer level. So we're seeing some upside potential on the phosphate margins and we just need to work through and resolve some of these macroeconomic concerns. Rick, I'll turn it over to you to talk about the blend of our phosphate mix.
Richard N. McLellan: Yes, and Mark, I think I'll focus -- I think your question really focused on the growth of our blend segment, and we've seen very nice growth in that segment in the key geographies where we want to focus on: Brazil, Argentina, Chile, China and India, and we've seen some very strong growth and we think it'll be more measured growth over the next few quarters. But still be a strong addition to our Phosphates segment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Zach (sic) [Jeff] Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have a question for Larry, maybe it's a question of clarification. Did you say that you thought that your gross margins in phosphate would be flat sequentially? And if you did say that, I was wondering how you thought that could be the case given that your prices are going to move up, it looks like more than $25 a tonne, and that surely would offset, say, $50 per tonne sequential increase in ammonia prices if it's that much.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, Jeff. The margin is expected to stay flat, perhaps up slightly in the second quarter versus the first quarter, and it has to do with the lag effect of raw material costs. We've gone through a period where we've seen significant increases in phosphate pricing, they've flattened out somewhat in the most recent couple of months. In the meantime, raw material costs have continued to increase, and we have yet to see the full impact of those increases in cost of goods sold. We will see that as we saw it in the first quarter, we'll see more of that in the second quarter. Hence, our guidance to expect roughly flat margins first quarter to second quarter.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And if I may follow-up. What does Mike Rahm think about the progression in ammonia prices over say, the next 6 months, if he has an opinion on that?
Michael Rahm: Yes, the combination of factors have tightened the ammonia market as reflected in recent price changes. I'm sure you're aware of some of the gas delivery problems in Trinidad. There are a couple of plants that have been delayed a bit in Algeria as well as Qatar. We've had our plant outage at Faustina. So on the supply side, there have been a few hiccups. And on the demand side, obviously, with the prospect of 93 million or 95 million acres of corn, certainly in the U.S., there is the expectation of a very strong fall application needs. And in the case of phosphate, phosphate markets have rebounded and the demand to produce ammonium phosphate continues to climb as well. So it boils down to, I guess, the simple supply and demand fundamentals and the market has tightened. We expect that eventually there will be some relief in this market. But in the near term, fundamentals are tight.
James T. Prokopanko: Say, Jeff, I'd just like to add a couple of points to that. First is our Faustina ammonia plant will be coming on stream in the next 4 to 6 weeks. As well, we've all seen the reports that there's another producer in North America that's going to be bringing up one of its ammonia plants over the next, probably that's maybe more like 6 months, I believe. And I think this is a good point why we -- it just highlights our interest and continued interest in expanding our ammonia production. We presently produce -- consume, we presently consume 1.5 million tonnes of ammonia a year in the production of phosphates. We are self-sufficient with Faustina to the extent of 1/3 or 500,000 tonnes, and we're left with about 1 million tonne hole to fill with -- on the open market. And this is an area that we're looking as an investment is for Mosaic to become fully self-sufficient in its -- at least fully self-sufficient in its ammonia production.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you shed some light on this accelerated turnaround in potash production? And what was the impact in 1Q? And will there be impact in fiscal 2Q?
James T. Prokopanko: P.J., I'm going to ask Joc O'Rourke, leader of our operations group to address our potash operation rates.
James C. O'Rourke: P.J., I think if I understand your question, you're asking how has the accelerated shutdowns or turnarounds helped our Potash rates. We had our shutdowns at our Esterhazy operations K1 and K2 over this quarter, and we've done a lot of additional planning and streamlining of those shutdowns, which allowed us to bring them up early compared to previous shutdowns. So that has really helped our ability to get running faster and we're doing the same thing at our Colonsay operation through the next quarter. But Colonsay will have a lower impact than Esterhazy has had, so we'll have a better quarter from an operating rate in quarter 2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson from Scotia Capital.
Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the Miski Mayo project. I read recently that Vale is considering expanding this project from 3.9 million tonnes to 5.8 million tonnes. Can you provide some color with respect to whether or not the 35% interest in Phase 1 carries over into Phase 2? And if it doesn't, are you talking to them about that?
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, Miski Mayo has turned out to be a good investment. We're very pleased with how it's working and how the partners are getting along. We're not getting it up to full production as quickly as we'd like, but we're making good steady progress and we’re -- we see more of that to come. That's a facility that we would like to see expand, and we have aspirations to see it double in size. We're prepared to be a match to the expansion every step of the way. We see demand for that product continuing to grow, and we would like to be -- continue with offtakes at least proportionally with what we are now and like to continue our investment at current levels or we'd even be prepared to take a higher stake in that operation. It's been a good investment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Larry, my question was, could you remind us of the mechanics and/or the [indiscernible] and I guess I'm just understanding [indiscernible].
James T. Prokopanko: Your question was really breaking up. I'll address what I think you asked, which is about the mechanics of the remaining shares to be sold. As I think you know, after the original 115 million share deal, we had another 42 million shares to be sold into the market between the original close at late May and 15 months. We thought all along and we had signaled that if and when we became a member of the S&P 500, if we could move quickly enough, we could facilitate an S&P 500 inclusion trade, allowing the trust to sell a portion of those 42 million shares and we were able to accomplish that last week, a very successful deal that cleaned up another 20.7 million shares. That leaves the trust with 21.3 million shares that are still subject to a lock-up agreement that will expire in mid-November. At that time, if those shares have not been disposed of otherwise, we are obligated to facilitate a secondary offering of those shares within the next 3 months following the expiration of that lock up. As we indicated in our prepared comments, we are prepared to, we're willing to, we're eager to, we've offered to repurchase those shares from the trust to just get them off the market. We thought that would be of interest to the trust, the deal was designed with the expectation that they would be looking for liquidity and diversification as quickly as possible. As we said though at this current time with these prices, they are not a willing seller. So we'll maintain a dialogue. We think this overhang issue has been greatly reduced by the success of the initial offering and now this S&P inclusion trade that we've accomplished, and we'll do our best to make sure that the remaining 21.3 million shares doesn't present a significant overhang as well. I hope that addresses the question, Vincent. If not obviously, follow up after the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Yes, I just wanted to get Dr. Rahm's current thoughts on the status of the Saudi Moden [ph] plant, how quickly it's ramping up. And right now, what the current run rate is and what your expectations would be for next year and when you expect a full ramp up of that plant?
Michael Rahm: The latest, I think, numbers that have been out in public sources is that they produced about 110,000 tonnes in the third calendar quarter. We don't have any particular great insights but in our S&D, I can tell you, we're assuming that they will produce and export about 400,000 tonnes in calendar year 2011. And in our S&D, we have them in for 2.3 million tonnes in 2012. And with those numbers, our S&Ds continue to look snug. And I think the risk is from an operational point of view that if they don't hit those numbers, it's just another bullish factor in the phosphate market.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Right. And then just a quick follow-up on the cost side of the phosphate. With Faustina, when it's back up and running fully, I know it's about 1/3 of your ammonia needs. But in terms of the cost basis, I mean is that based on market price or do you just use your cost, production costs, and then you sort of average that in? I mean how does the mechanics work with respect to the Faustina as it flows through to your phosphate P&L?
James T. Prokopanko: Michael, I’ll have Larry Stranghoener just add some background to the costs incurred with Faustina being down.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Given the very low cost relatively speaking of U.S. natural gas, producing our own ammonia provides a decided economic advantage right now probably to the tune of about $300 a tonne. And so having Faustina out is certainly a factor in our gross margin performance. And getting back to Jeff's question earlier, it will be a bigger factor in the second quarter. One of the reasons why the gross margin may not make much progress from first quarter levels in the second quarter. We do expect to get the plant up and operating, as Jim said earlier, in the next 4 to 5 weeks, and we'll start to get the full benefit of that significant economic differential beginning in our fourth fiscal quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Sheehan from Deutsche Bank.
James Sheehan - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Just wondering if you could quantify how much of the impact to the South Fort Meade injunction did you actually offset in Q1 and with your mitigation strategies in Miski Mayo, Four Corners, et cetera. And is the outlook for Q2 and the rest of the year, is it going to be that proportionate or maintain roughly about the same?
James T. Prokopanko: James, I'm going to ask Joc O'Rourke, who's been leading this effort to fill the gap in our production.
James C. O'Rourke: Yes, we have done a lot to mitigate the South Fort Meade. We've mined as much as 470,000, 450,000 to 470,000 tonnes of extra from our existing operations. We've just talked about Miski Mayo, that's made a huge impact on the mitigation. Between those 2 and we're now moving into some new areas in South Fort Meade to actually mine some old remnant areas that are available to us in Polk County. Between those 3 actions, we believe we can continue to mitigate for the rest of the fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley from Ticonderoga Securities.
Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: With respect to the Potash price up only modestly sequentially, you talked about the mix effect there, Larry, more standard product to international. Can you give us an idea, first, what would be the like-for-like price increase sequentially just North America, and if you will, just Offshore were not for that effect. Trying to get the underlying momentum in the Potash price?
James T. Prokopanko: Rick, why don't you answer the question on the Potash pricing going forward?
Richard N. McLellan: The guidance is being impacted by our international segment and international shipments. If you think about it in first quarter, we had very little contract shipments. So you think about China and India as contract shipments. We had more granular shipments that sell at a much -- at a stronger prices. So when we go into Q2, we're going to see stronger shipments to China, stronger shipments to India, offsetting the market increases we've seen in Brazil. And those contract markets they're published, so they are at a discount to spot granular markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Caroll from UBS.
Bill Carroll: Phosphate rock production was up 20% year-over-year, but finished phosphate production was flat. So was the difference mainly due to lower quality rock coming out of the Four Corners mine as you stretch production there, or is it more the case that you're just stock piling rock?
James C. O'Rourke: Joc O'Rourke here. We're operating at pretty high rates. In the first quarter, probably the biggest impact on production of finished phosphates was actually the flooding of the Mississippi River and the shutdown of Faustina -- or sorry, Uncle Sam for a period of time during that first quarter, which lowered our production slightly or kept it flat, if you will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson from Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Jim, just to follow-up on your rock sourcing going forward and your desire to buy new reserves. Clearly, as we've seen from South Fort Meade, a lot of NGO opposition to additional phosphate mining. Does this call into question your ability to develop additional reserves in Central Florida and eventually build a new mine. And what would you see as the timing of building that new mine, and is that even necessary if you are able to source more Bayóvar rock?
James T. Prokopanko: Don, understandably, you might see that there's been some more challenges than perhaps in the past. But phosphate mine permits have typically been challenged, and there's been a long history of that. And every phosphate mine permit that Mosaic has applied for and our predecessor companies, we've eventually gotten that permit. So we don't have any concern about getting further permits. We think they're going to be challenged. We expect to have some conflicts along the way. But we have also stepped up our practice for applying for permits. We're much further ahead in our application efforts. We've resourced, better resourced, our permitting crew and permitting team and mine planning team to be more effective in that process going forward. This last permit, the South Fort Meade permit, has been the single most studied phosphate mining permit in all of Florida, and we got that permit as we expected to. Going forward, we have a couple, the DeSoto and Pine and Ona permits -- mines that are now well underway. We've submitted some preliminary permit work that will be included in an area-wide environmental impact survey. That's been done and completed and submitted. We expect that we’ll be something in the range of 5 years, I think, to 7 years out before we -- until we have new mines in operation. The DeSoto and Ona mines that we have on the books, they will be built in Florida and as I said, within 5 to 7 years. We'll get there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee from Odlum Brown.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets: I was just wondering if your D&A for the Potash segment has changed up from 50 -- I think it is was what -- previous guidance was up $50 million for the year and if your CapEx is still around $1 billion. I'm just wondering if you could take those numbers and back -- using the CRT model back into your potash gross margin guidance. It looks like it's going to be about $2.6 billion for fiscal 2012. Just wonder if I'm thinking about that correctly, using the CRT model to back into your potash expectations.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: It's Larry. I'll ask you to follow-up later with Laura and James for more specifics. But our guidance on capital expenditures has not changed, and therefore, I assume that your estimate for depreciation for DD&A is appropriate. But again, I'll ask you to follow-up with Laura on details later.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley from Ticonderoga Securities.
Mark R. Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC, Research Division: Jim, with the $4 billion in cash on the balance sheet and you discussed, of course, uses of cash. Can you kind of size what the investment might be in Miski Mayo, kind of size the investment if you were to fully back -- integrate to the tune of 1 million tonnes a year of ammonia. Just want to understand how much of that cash is going to have to be earmarked for internal investment projects to improve your margins?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, one on top of the mind is the nitrogen or ammonia complex would be roughly 1 million tonnes of ammonia production would cost approximately $1 billion, maybe $1.1 billion. It's pretty much off-the-shelf construction. Plants like this have been built many, many times. So it's $1 billion a plant site and access to gas, and you're in business probably 24 months later, 30 months later. For the Miski Mayo, Joc, do you want to -- can you elaborate on what the range of costs are -- were? It's not quite as off the shelf as a nitrogen plant, but we've got some sense of what we could see going forward.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Yes, I think the range of costs would be probably in the, let's say, $500 million range plus or minus $100 million or something like that. But our share would only be 35% of that, so somewhere in the $200 million range at the most. So it won't have a big impact on cash.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar from Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I want to go back to phosphate volumes, and I understand your comments about quarterly shifts in volumes. But if I look at your first half guidance of 2012 versus actual first half of 2011, at the midpoint, you're guiding down on volumes. I mean the volumes are going to be lower at the midpoint. And compared -- I'm trying to square this with Mike Rahm's comments about growing phosphate market and your volumes are down. Is that Mosaic issue?
Michael Rahm: P.J., I would just emphasize what Rick said before. It's seasonal. We can't predict just when the fall application season and shipments related to restocking will hit. We had an exceptional second quarter last year and then volumes fell off quite significantly in the third fiscal quarter last year. And then we see a more level pattern in this year's fiscal year. And so for the full year, you're unlikely to see a significant difference than last year. We're essentially producing as much phosphate as we can, and how those volumes fall from quarter-to-quarter is simply a function of timing and not a function of fundamentals.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey J. Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Jim, I was wondering if you could reflect on the earliest possible time that you might be able to sell the disputed Esterhazy potash tonnes, and I guess your estimate for the latest time that you would be able to sell those tonnes? And then maybe, tell us when you think that you'll get credit for it.
James T. Prokopanko: Jeff, if we have an hour, we'd fully debrief you on that, but we'll give the Reader's digest version here. We presently, and I'm going to ask Rich Mack to add some details. We presently have a -- waiting to hear a ruling about our appeal of a preliminary injunction that was put on this. So the very soonest would be, possibly Friday that we hear from the Saskatchewan Court that the preliminary injunction to our not shipping is upheld or is overturned. So we could -- we thought 2 weeks ago we concluded the hearing. We thought 2 to 4 weeks we'd hear from the judge, so as of Friday would be 2 weeks. And 2 weeks from now might be this very soonest. Then we have the hearing in January, and Rich, I'm going to just ask you to talk about what that process is for once we're into the formal hearing.
Richard L. Mack: Thanks, Jim. The trial for this matter is currently scheduled as it has and there has been no changes to this for January of 2012. And as Jim noted, we're also waiting to hear from the Saskatchewan Appellate Court on the appeal that we filed on the preliminary injunction, which required us to continue to supply potash to PCS and we expect, as Jim noted, that we'll hear on that issue shortly. In addition, just to close out I think the issue, the preliminary injunction that was issued is valid effectively through the beginning of trial. And so that will be another issue that we will have to take up should we not be successful in the appeal of the current preliminary injunction. So most optimistically, we could have access to tonnes very quickly. And on the outer end, with respect to the trial itself, that's a bit more murky because the trial will take roughly say, 4 months and then we'll need to get a ruling from the court after that. So I can't give you any specific guidance on the latter part of when the worst-case scenario might be.
James T. Prokopanko: With that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. The outlook for Mosaic is remarkable and we're excited about the future of our business. We think Mosaic provides a remarkably attractive opportunity to participate in the positive fundamentals of crop nutrient markets and agriculture more broadly. As I said earlier, we see no better investment in our industry than in Mosaic. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of phosphate and potash. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. You may all disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Prokopanko - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President of Operations Laura Gagnon - VP, IR Lawrence Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Rahm - 
Analysts: Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Horst Hueniken - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch Mark Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc. P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Fiscal 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Laura Gagnon, Vice President, Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Ms. Gagnon?
Laura Gagnon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter earnings call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the senior leadership team. After my introductory comments, Jim will share our views on the market followed by a discussion on Mosaic's strong positioning and initiatives that allow us to capitalize on the opportunities presented. Then, Larry will summarize our fourth quarter results and financial guidance.  The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website at mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, July 19, 2011, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Thanks, Laura, and welcome, all. Over the 30 years of my career in agriculture, the visibility, understanding and appreciation for what this industry provides to the world has increased dramatically.  Fiscal 2011 marks the highest net earnings in the history of Mosaic. Our performance in fiscal 2011 clearly demonstrated our company-wide commitment to success. For Mosaic, 2011 was a year of progress on many fronts as we continued investing to maintain our industry-leading stature, aggressively pursued operational excellence initiatives and positioned ourselves to enhance our shareholder value through strong cash generation and efficient capital allocation.  We capped off the year with one of the most dramatic changes since the founding of the company with the exit of Cargill as a majority shareholder. Though there are still steps to complete, we believe the additional flexibility this transaction provides will allow us to maximize the value of this business and lead to higher returns for shareholders. Moving to Slide 4. As we look ahead to fiscal 2012 and beyond, we see a fabulous long-term story. In spite of the ups and downs of commodity markets, the food security challenge is not going away. The crop nutrients we provide are a vital ingredient required to help meet the world's growing demand for grains and oilseeds. Over the past few months, agricultural markets have been very volatile.  We expect grain and oilseed markets to remain tight and highly sensitive to weather and political developments. Our overall assessment for agriculture commodities is for greater upside pricing than downside. In spite of this near-term volatility, the long-term trends hold. The world requires record yields and harvested area to maintain inventories at secure levels. Crop nutrients are necessary to the deliver the required yields. And as a result, we see continued strong demand for crop nutrients for this foreseeable future. In the near term, we expect very good North American fall application and South American spring planting seasons. We are essentially sold out of potash and phosphate for the next several months.  For Potash, we estimate global MOP shipments will climb to a record 55 million to 58 million tonnes in calendar 2011. Shipments are forecast to grow to between 70 million and 73 million tonnes by 2020 or 3% to 3.5% annually. Even with significant brownfield expansion tonnes expected to come online over the next 10 years, we expect demand growth to absorb the additional supply resulting in historically high global operating rates.  We estimate global phosphate shipments will reach a record 60 million to 62 million tonnes in calendar 2011. Over the next decade, phosphate shipments are expected to grow to between 75 million and 79 million tonnes by 2020 or 2.5% to 3% annually. In Phosphate, several factors have served to strengthen the market. The implementation of a new export tariff regime in China has reduced exports significantly below last year's level. In addition, political uncertainty has reduced supplies from Tunisia and Syria, and the market is watching how quickly Ma'aden ramps up production.  Challenges at our South Fort Meade mine add additional supply concerns. These near-term uncertainties reinforce the need for additional supply to meet long-term demand growth. Our projections indicate global operating rates over the next decade will increase slightly and remain at healthy levels. Key growth regions for crop nutrients demand will continue to be Asia and Latin America, especially China, India and Brazil. To meet these projected increases, potash and phosphate producers will need to produce at high rates and deliver significant new capacity.  At Mosaic, we are strongly positioned to take advantage of the global opportunities I've just described. The quality of our production assets, the execution capabilities of our employees and the strength of our capital base will allow us to create value for shareholders and set us apart from the competition.  The first of these items is that our assets are among the best in the industry. Over the past 5-year period, Mosaic produced more phosphate and potash crop nutrients than any other producer in the world.  In Potash, our mines are in very stable geopolitical locations and place Mosaic among the top potash producers in the world with reserves projected to last over a century. In fact, what most investors did not realize is that over the last 5 years, including the Esterhazy total production, Mosaic has mined more potash ore and milled more finished potash products than any other company in the world. Our brownfield expansions remain on track to add an additional 5 million tonnes of capacity over the next decade. These capacity additions will ensure that we maintain our industry-leading position. In Phosphates, our world-class facilities are among the lowest cost in the industry, with attractive locations in the U.S. on the Gulf of Mexico and the Mississippi River, providing advantage to access to global regions and raw materials. Our geographic distribution reach is unmatched with people and facilities on the ground in the most important crop nutrient markets.  We have leading positions in our premium products business, which is continuing to grow with dramatic increases in sales of MicroEssentials and Pegasus. These products will continue to differentiate Mosaic and provide great value for our customers as they seek higher yields. Second, we have a proven ability to execute and focus on operational excellence. Our Potash expansion initiative, comprised of 9 distinct projects and $5 billion in capital spending, is on time, on scope and on budget. We have over 1,200 employees and contractors working on these large, complex initiatives. Our focus on operational excellence showed impressive results as we improve processes and have positively impacted production costs.  We are improving energy efficiency, maintenance processes and mining production at a variety of sites. Through these and other initiatives, our Phosphates team largely overcame the production shortfall at our South Fort Meade mine during the 2011 fiscal year.  As an aside, last week I was in Florida and was impressed more than I've ever been with the progress on all these initiatives. We have fresh people in new positions who are energized and eager to drive improved performance. This focus on operational excellence has truly taken hold as a way of life at Mosaic.  Finally, the third area of focus in creating value is efficient capital allocation. Mosaic has one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry, which provides significant value-creation opportunity. After ensuring a strong financial foundation, including an appropriate liquidity buffer, our first priority is to invest in growing our business.  The most prominent example is our Potash expansions. In Phosphates, we are investing in increasing our premium product capacity. Our second investment priority is to continue seeking strategic opportunities, particularly phosphate investments that will expand our sources of phosphate rock. Any investments we make are expected to generate returns well in excess of our cost of capital and as a result, to generate shareholder value.  Efficient capital allocation is not just about investing in the business, it includes returning capital to shareholders. With the exit of our majority shareholder, we have greater flexibility with respect to shareholder distributions and more so once we are beyond the tax restriction period related to the Cargill transaction. As we move forward, we will seek to optimize our capital structure while maintaining the flexibility to capitalize on new investment opportunities. Before I turn this over to Larry, let me touch on the most recent developments at South Fort Meade. The federal district court recently issued another preliminary injunction, which temporarily prevents mining activities in Hardee County. This includes uplands mining, even though the plaintiffs and the court previously indicated that they did not object to this and the Army Corps concurred that no federal permit is required to engage in such activities in the uplands. We have yet to receive a decision on the underlying merits of this case. We believe the court's issuance of a second preliminary injunction is simply wrong and inconsistent with the mandate given by the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals in April, namely to resolve this matter in 90 days and view it through a lens requiring substantial deference to the Army Corps in determining whether it came to a rational permit decision.  Given the thoroughness and high quality of the administrative record over 7 years of review, we strongly believe this standard was met. While we wait for the district court's final ruling, we have appealed a preliminary injunction and will be seeking an expedited stay from the Eleventh Circuit. We hope to have an answer to this request in the fall. In the meantime, Mosaic will continue to seek ways to mitigate the adverse consequences of this ruling through mining our other mines at the highest possible rates, use of existing inventories, accessing phosphate rock from our Miski Mayo joint venture and supplementing with rock purchases if necessary. Going forward, given the activism on South Fort Meade and what we've learned through this process, we are in the process of accelerating our future permit applications, and we'll pursue them on a concurrent basis. I want to emphasize that we have very healthy working relationships with the local, state and federal regulators who issue our permits, and we have every expectation that we will receive all of the permits needed to mine our valuable mineral interest in the decades ahead.  Now I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Thanks, Jim, and good morning everyone. As Jim said, both the near-term and long-term fundamentals for our business remains strong, and we are effectively executing against our strategic priorities.  Yesterday, we reported the highest annual net earnings in the history of the company with strong results in both of our business segments. Excluding the gains on asset sales in all periods, 2011 had net earnings second only to 2008 when we experienced unprecedented market conditions.  Now let me highlight our fourth quarter financial results. As you can see on Slide 7, net earnings were $649 million or $1.45 per share compared to $396 million or $0.89 per share a year ago. We generated nearly $1 billion in operating cash flow this quarter and invested $366 million in capital expenditures, with the bulk of this going toward our Potash expansions. Gross margin was a strong 35%. Included in fourth quarter earnings were several discrete expense items outlined in our press release, which lowered our reported results by $52 million pretax or $0.07 per share. Our Potash segments showed strong fourth quarter results. Potash operating earnings were $469 million, up over $120 million from last year, as highlighted on Slide 8. This improvement was primarily due to increased selling prices and volumes, partially offset by higher Canadian resource taxes and royalties. Reported gross margin was 53%. But excluding Canadian resource taxes, gross margin was 63%, 3 points higher than a year ago. North American producer inventories remain below average, and demand fundamentals continue to be robust, resulting in rising prices for our products.  As an update to the legal dispute with Potash Corp. regarding our tolling agreement, we have been required to maintain the status quo by the Saskatchewan Court, and we'll provide potash at cost until the beginning of trial scheduled for January 2012. We believe our obligation under the tolling agreement has ended. If we prevail in the lawsuit, Potash Corp. has agreed to pay damages to Mosaic. Moving on to Phosphates, as summarized on Slide 9. We generated $370 million in operating earnings compared to $221 million a year ago. Gross margin was 25%, similar to last year. The increase in operating earnings was primarily due to increased selling prices, partially offset by higher raw material costs. As Jim noted in his comments, our focus on operational excellence contributed to our strong performance over the past few quarters, with mining performance especially notable. Now let me shift to our financial outlook and guidance for the next quarter as summarized on Slide 10. For our first quarter fiscal 2012, we estimate total Potash sales volumes of 1.7 million to 1.9 million tonnes and an average MOP selling price of $430 to $455 per tonne. We expect to run our Potash mines for the first quarter between 75% and 85% of operating capacity, down from the fourth quarter due to planned seasonal maintenance turnarounds. As we have seen in prior years, we expect the seasonally lower operating rates to result in higher per tonne costs and a lower gross margin percentage for the quarter, as fixed costs are spread over lower production volumes. In our Phosphates segment. For the first quarter, we estimate total phosphate sales volumes of 3.0 million to 3.3 million tonnes and an average DAP selling price of $560 to $590 per tonne. To meet continued high demand, we expect to operate our North American phosphate plants in excess of 85% of granulation capacity. Note that we expect higher raw material prices, as well as the temporary shutdown of our ammonia production facilities to negatively pressure margins in the first quarter. Phosphates segment profitability will also be impacted by the July 8 preliminary injunction issued by the federal district court preventing mining in the Hardee County extension of our South Fort Meade mine. We had previously contemplated mining approximately 2.4 million tonnes from the upland section of this mine over the course of this fiscal year. Last week, we indicated that should we fail to get the stay of the injunction on uplands-only mining and are unable to mine at South Fort Meade, the increase in expected pretax cost to the company could be up to approximately $200 million in fiscal 2012.  Our phosphate mining team has been reviewing various alternatives to replace this capacity and mitigate the financial impacts. As of today, with increased mining at other mines and mining of remnant deposits in Polk County, we believe we may be able to lower this estimated cost impact by approximately 50%.  Our current estimate is based on the following: one, our belief that unabsorbed fixed cost from the lower production at South Fort Meade will be substantially recovered through increased production at our other Florida mines; and two, if we do need to purchase additional phosphate rock in the second half of fiscal 2012, we believe the potential increased expense could reach $100 million or so. This estimate obviously will be affected by market conditions and our production decisions. As we continue to evaluate the situation and our alternatives, it's important to keep in mind that in today's supply and demand environment, any decline in our finished phosphate production may drive higher prices for finished phosphate products. For the year, we expect to make capital expenditures of $1.6 billion to $1.9 billion.  As noted on Slide 11, we are investing in our business through growth opportunity and sustaining capital projects. Growth and capital expenditures is driven by our Potash expansions, and we expect this to continue at high levels for the next several years. We have completed construction on initial compaction projects at Colonsay and Esterhazy, with meaningful new capacity coming from additional projects to be completed late in fiscal 2012. When all of our projects are complete, we expect to have over 16 million tonnes of capacity. Please note that we expect depreciation expense to increase by approximately $50 million in fiscal 2012, as we place completed projects into service.  In addition to our Potash expansions, we are investing in our Phosphates business with initiatives focused on improving energy efficiency and production processes, as well as increasing capacity to produce MicroEssentials, our premium crop nutrient that enhances yields for farmers.  Finally, for those of you interested in modeling data, we have provided an appendix to the slide deck with additional insights for modeling Phosphates costs.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Thanks, Larry. And before taking questions, let me summarize. Our worldscale, high-quality production assets and global distribution, our investments in Potash and Phosphates, our focus on effective execution and our rock-solid balance sheet give us a strong competitive advantage to capitalize on the near-term and longer-term opportunities presented by this market and to generate long-term shareholder value. We will continue to deliver on our mission to help the world grow the food it needs.  Back to you, Laura.
Laura Gagnon: We'd now like to open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Amanda, would you please open the phone lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Horst Hueniken, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Horst Hueniken - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Regarding the orderly disposition of shares following the initial formation offering in May of this year, I calculate there are approximately 42 million shares left to be sold by the charitable trust. This must occur by August of next year at the latest is my understanding. And 3 distinct developments could trigger a sale: one, the expiration of the secondary share sale lockup period in November; two, the inclusion of Mosaic in the S&P 500 Index; and three, Mosaic initiating a share buyback program. Could you outline for us the number of shares likely to be sold in each instance and the timing?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Horst, it's Larry. You've given a very complete response to a question that we thought might be in the minds of investors. You're exactly right with your facts. There are another 42 million shares to be sold in the next 13 months now following our sale of 115 million shares and our successful secondary offering that was completed in late May. We are giving a lot of thought and consideration to how best to facilitate the sale of these remaining 42 million shares. As you point out, there are several options by which we might do this. It's difficult for us at this point in time to size these. We have been told that the possibility of an S&P inclusion trade might trigger demand for say, 30 million shares, and perhaps 40% to 50% of those shares might come from the trust if we're able to orchestrate an index inclusion trade, and that's something that's very much on our minds. And then beyond that, we would, as again you suggested, have the option of facilitating another secondary offering or a share repurchase. These are options we are carefully considering. We're getting a lot of input from shareholders on how best to accomplish this. As you might recall, when we originally announced this deal, our whole focus was to ensure that we could have a very orderly distribution of these shares coming to market. And I think we're off to a good start on that with respect to the first offering, and we'll be very sure to take care of these remaining 42 million shares in this formation offering period also in a very orderly and thoughtful way. So I would just ask that you stay tuned. We're evaluating all the alternatives, and you can count on us to find the answers that we think will satisfy our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Can I just ask on where you think the Potash industry is in terms of productive capacity, and I'm just noting your estimate of, I believe, 55 million to 58 million tonnes sold this year. Where do you think production's going to come in this year industry-wide?
James Prokopanko: Well, I think we're going to be -- Vincent, it's Jim here. And I think we're going to be pretty close to that. What is starting to happen and what we've been seeing is a drawdown in inventory over the last quarter. And as we go into the planned scheduled turnarounds that most all the producers in North America and Canada go through, we'll see a continued drawdown on those stocks. Mike, do you want to add some specifics on the analysis you've done on production?
Michael Rahm: Sure. Yes, we're projecting that global shipments will be in that 55 million to 58 million tonne range. Our point estimate is between 56 million and 57 million. We estimate that global capacity is about between 63 million to 64 million tonnes. If you look at a 90% operating rate is really stressing the industry. It implies about 56 million tonnes of production. So we've always said that with this demand recovery, we think it will stress the production capabilities of the global industry, and I think that's evident in what's taken place recently.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez, Gleacher & Company.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: Quick question, Jim. In your market outlook, you still expect global shipments again to be 55 million to 58 million. Where does India fit in there? Because last quarter you have the same number and you had expected India at 6.2 million, 6.7 million. So is India still in that number or have other countries picked up that slack?
James Prokopanko: Yes, Edlain, we're seeing strong demand in other markets. We think India is still going to be in that 6 million tonne import range. But we're seeing very strong demand in North America, as well as adding to some of the pipeline warehouses. And South America has a strong lead up to what's coming as their spring season in September, October, the planting season. So we're seeing other geographies, whether it's North America, South America or the rest of Asia, step up and take those tonnes that we might otherwise have scheduled for India.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Connelly, CLSA.
Mark Connelly - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Jim, we've been hearing pretty consistently that farmers in the U.S. didn't get the P&K down this spring because of the late planting, which we also heard last year because the early planting. So I'm curious, do you expect them to try to make up some of that this fall, or are we going to wait until next spring? And I'm also curious if you think they're further behind on P or K.
James Prokopanko: Okay, Mark, a good question. I'd say that farmers try to get as much work done on their fields given the weather conditions. So if we have a good open harvest season, farmers are able to get on the fields. I think they're going to use every opportunity to replenish their P&K stocks. Our analysis shows phosphate levels generally across the U.S. have been dropping over the last couple of years, and farmers understand that. They take soil tests in the U.S., and they know what their soil fertility rates are. They've got great cash flows, good incomes, good returns forecast basis the Chicago commodity prices going into the 2012 year. So the incentive there is there for them to apply. And I think they will, with favorable harvest conditions and fieldwork conditions, get it done this fall and not wait till the spring season. I think a number of dealers and farmers learned last year that you can wait too long and miss the opportunity, and I don't think that will be repeated this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from P.J. Juvekar, Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: I'm a little confused about your additional cost due to South Fort Meade. Last week, you said $200 million, and today, you're saying $100 million. You have that rock inventory that last you through the end of calendar 2011. So if you exclude that inventory, what would be the ongoing impact? And then secondly, how much rock can you produce at your other Florida mines, given the South Fort Meade situation?
Lawrence Stranghoener: P. J., it's Larry. This is very much of a realtime analysis that we're going through. Remember that the judge's decision, which a part of which truly came out of the blue with its stretch, was issued just a week ago, Friday. And so since that time, Joc and his team have been looking at all number of alternatives by which we could mitigate the impact of perhaps not being able to mine in the uplands area of South Fort Meade. And suffice it to say that the analysis that we've gone through suggests that we're going to be able to mitigate more of the impact than we first thought possible when we had our press release the Monday following the judge's ruling. And by the way, work will continue to find further mitigating actions. And so through a combination of much better output that we believe we can get from our other mines in Florida; through mining remnant parcels in the Polk County part of the South Fort Meade mine; by increasing the take from Miski Mayo, our joint venture in Peru; and by further reductions in rock inventory, we believe we can significantly mitigate what otherwise might have been a worse case situation in terms of a purchased rock. So the team, as you know, did a terrific job last year in mitigating the impacts from the legal proceedings we're under. The same thing appears to be happening here in this fiscal year, and we'll continue to work to find other ways to fully mitigate the cost impacts that we've described.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elaine Yip, Credit Suisse.
Elaine Yip - Crédit Suisse AG: A question on India. When do you expect to finish shipping the 1 million tonnes of DAP that you contracted for the April to September time period? And have do you begun negotiations for the next 6 months after that? And then if you can just give us your take on why the potash and the phosphate discussions have moved in such different directions and why the Indians have been quick to settle on phosphate but have chosen to take a little bit longer on potash?
James Prokopanko: The current agreement we have with India on phosphate will -- all product will be concluded shipping, I think, the end of August, next month. As far as when we will conclude a extension of that for the next year, that will, I think, happen shortly thereafter or concurrent with the completion of that. We're always in maybe not formal negotiations but we're always in discussions with our customers about forward needs, and that's the case here with phosphate. We're continuing -- we're talking with them. The discussions are getting more serious, and I anticipate a satisfactory conclusion to those discussions in the next month or 2. Now why did India potash and phosphate approach diverge? Hard to really explain what was in the mind of the Indian negotiators on this. We were very clear. We had an offer out on the Potash since before the conclusion of that agreement, which was April of this past year. The only thing I would say is the subsidy programs were somewhat more restrictive as it impacted the potash. They thought they had a position that they could successfully argue in regards to potash pricing. We were prepared to sell, but they chose to defer coming to an agreement to at which point, we were starting to come short of potash for the balance of the year. Canpotex has a budgeted amount of tonnes that they set up for the year. They look at the markets and the customers that they're going to. And as demand continued to be strong and grow through the year, it was becoming clear that there wasn't going to be sufficient product for both India and China if both delayed. China booked right at the conclusion of their agreement in June, potash agreement, and India deferred. And in the meantime, product was purchased by other markets. So we'll have another kick at the cat for the fourth quarter. But as I said in my comments, Mosaic is pretty much sold out through our first quarter and into part of our second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Isaacson, Scotia Capital.
Ben Isaacson - Scotia Capital Inc.: Just maybe a follow-up to P.J.'s question. I'm trying to get a better handle on the development of rock costs. Can you quantify or perhaps provide a little bit more color in terms of the availability at Bayóvar, how much inventory is on hand and, specifically, how high you can run your other mines? I've noticed that some of the mines, such as Wingate, for example, typically haven't gone above the high 70% area. Maybe you could just provide more color on that.
James O'Rourke: This is Joc O'Rourke. Yes, let me give you a little bit of color. Miski Mayo is in -- we started up, I guess, in July, August a year ago, and it's still in its ramp up phase. This year, we're forecasting the Miski Mayo to produce about 3.9 million tonnes, of which we'll get about 105 million tonnes for our -- will be our portion of the take. That's shipped pretty much as it's made to the individual shareholders of the Miski Mayo joint venture. In terms of our other operations, we are moving drag lines around places where we can get a little bit extra tonne, so we'll be pushing extra tonnes through our Four Corners mine, which is our biggest mine. As Larry mentioned, we'll be doing some remnant mining in the South Fort Meade area as we can find rock to do that. And Wingate, as you suggest, there is some opportunity to improve the output of Wingate, and we'll be looking at doing that. All of that will help mitigate that rock need, which is part of the reason Larry said our new estimate of the impact is about 50% of what we used to think it was going to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gulley, Ticonderoga.
Mark Gulley - Ticonderoga Securities LLC: Larry, you're kind of talking tough here about availability of potash for international markets. Can you give us any kind of a feel to what you see in inventory on the part of Russian producers or German or Israeli that gives you confidence that global inventories of potash are tight?
James Prokopanko: Mark, it's Jim Prokopanko. I was talking about the international outlook. It is strong around the world, certainly in Asia and Latin America. We don't have any insight into what the Russians or the Israelis have. About the only anecdotal pieces I could add is the Israeli shipped hard, I think, last year. They've got the advantage of piling potash out in the desert, and they don't have to -- they don't face the same containment issues. But I believe they've had a strong year from public reports in shipping. So I don't know that they have a large excess of stockpiles. And when it comes to the Russians, we are both competing for the Chinese business. And I think we were surprised that the lower size -- the size of the sale the Russians made to the Chinese, it was lower than we anticipated. Our sale to the Chinese was lower than they requested. And so it's telling me that the marketplace is tight. I know our supplies are tight. I'd expect it's similar for other producers in North America, and I don't see behaviors of international competitors that would imply that they are -- have burdensome stocks. So I think it's going to be very difficult, tight 12 months ahead. And, Mike, do you have any additional pieces in your analysis?
Michael Rahm: No, I think that was a good summary. I would expect that the same trends that we see in North America are probably prevalent in other producing regions as well. And certainly, North American producers stocks have pulled down.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann, Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: I just had another crack at the South Fort Meade cost. So in a scenario where you have a protracted dispute, and let's talk real worst case where this in years in the courts before you're able to mine wetlands. Can you talk about whether in order to sustain your current rate of finished phosphate production, how much rock, phosphate rock, you will need? And how much of that rock that you'll need, you'll need to buy from third parties given your current footprint and given what you've talked about with Miski Mayo? And then in addition, you mentioned you're looking for sources of phosphate rock, low-cost rock sources. Where do you think those sources might be?
James Prokopanko: Okay, Lindsay, it's Jim here. I'll just make some additional comments that I might not have covered in my earlier remarks. And then, I'm going to have Joc give you some of the details and specifics around your questions about mining and rock sources. We have every confidence that the South Fort Meade permit was, as originally issued, was issued properly. And we're confident that with time, the South Fort Meade permit will be issued. I said in my comments, the district judge was simply wrong in his judgment regarding both the merits of the permit and made an error in the issuance of another preliminary injunction on the uplands mining. To give you some more color, we've engaged some of the most knowledgeable, capable attorneys, outside counsels on this matter. One is a Florida firm and the other is a Washington, D.C. law firm, both experts on these matters. After the surprise ruling, we've had the judge's ruling, and some of our work that we've done leading up to this, reviewed by some outside, outside firms, all of whom report back just to ensure that we're on the right track. All of the firms reported back that our position is sound, correct, and the law is on our side. And not only have we done work, but we've gotten some work done -- we've been advised of work done by investors who have reviewed this matter, and they've engaged independent counsel to advise on the matter. And they've shared with us that their work tells us that the -- tells them that the law is on Mosaic's side. In short, we're struggling to find a legal opinion that supports the judge or the plaintiff's position on this matter. So again, we come down to a view that this is just a matter of timing. It's not if we're going to prevail, just simply a matter of when we're going to prevail. And I think Larry and Joc -- Joc will tell you more about some of the very innovative and resourceful approaches our mining teams and production teams in Florida have gone to, to ensure that we're going to mitigate for the period of time ahead of us, a good period of time ahead of us what the impact of losing access to South Fort Meade is. Now, Joc, if you would just add some color to the rock sourcing.
James O'Rourke: Okay. So back to just give a little more detail on the rock sourcing. First of all, our first opportunity is look at our other operations and maximize the output from them. We've been working from an operational excellence perspective on those operations for about 1.5 years now. So at the Four Corners mine, we have done a big debottlenecking project such that we're looking at producing about 20% extra out of that operation, which really should be able to push it. And if you read our 10-K, we're actually already pushing it beyond what is its nameplate capacity. So we're going to continue to push that operation very hard. That will help mitigate short and long term. Wingate mine, another smaller mine -- but again, looking at how we can push that in the short term and then on the long term. It's a dredge operation, we'll be increasing the size of those dredges to really push that operation. Again, that helps mitigate. At the Miski Mayo joint venture, as I mentioned, we're going to take about 1 million tonne, just over 1 million tonne of phosphate rock from that joint venture. But that is also in discussions with our partners, Vale and Mitsui, as to an expansion, which was always part of the plan for Miski Mayo. So we are planning on an expansion there at some point. Again, that will change our long-term rock needs. So if you take all of that, it's probably too early to say what we're going to look like after fiscal 2012. But certainly, even from our first look at this, we're a lot better off. And the $100 million approximate number that Larry has given is based on the amount of rock we might have to purchase just to top up our needs in the next couple -- in the next last half of the year.
James Prokopanko: And, Lindsay, I would just add to that, that we would also face just the economic question of if we, in a worst-case scenario, and I'd stress this as very worst case, if we had to purchase rock to a meaningful extent, we'd face the economic question of whether that makes sense to continue to produce at our capacity rates of a finished phosphate product buying purchased rock. So we would evaluate that. I'd finally note as well that as the largest phosphate producer in the world, there's not a deposit in the world that we're probably -- that we're not aware of. Every week, it seems, I get a proposal from somebody suggesting that we look at this deposit or the next deposit. And who's to say whether any of those have merits or not. But suffice it to say, it's been one of our strategic priorities to diversify our Florida rock sources. We've done it in a meaningful way already with the Miski Mayo mine in Peru, and we continue to look for other such alternatives provided they make economic sense for our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - JP Morgan Chase & Co: A 2-part question. You've estimated your provincial resource taxes at between $420 million and $470 million. For the last 3 years, the provincial resource taxes that Potash Corp. has paid has been $29 million, $77 million, and maybe this year it will be $144 million. So why is your estimate so high? And then the second part of the question is exports of phosphate out of China this year are expected to decrease. Can you give an idea of how much China exported in 2010 and how much you expect them to export in 2011? And what's the reason for the change?
James Prokopanko: Yes, I'm going to have Larry talk to you about the -- answer your question on the resource tax, and Mike Rahm will speak to the China question.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Jeff, as you know, the Canadian resource tax is a very complicated regime. It's a multipart tax. I appreciate your frustration at trying to model it. I think one of the numbers you cited was wrong, by the way, we had Canadian resource taxes in fiscal '11 of $294 million. And then, of course, we provided the guidance for next year. One of the primary differences I suspect between what we are paying and what PCS has been paying has been the capital expansion program that both companies have underway. As you know, Potash Corp. was off to an earlier start with their meaningful expansion program. We are certainly well underway. And there are meaningful tax benefits, resource tax deductions that can be taken with respect to putting new projects into service. And as that happens, it will have a favorable impact on our tax rate going forward. Finally, I'd just take this occasion to point out the difference in how the 2 companies report gross margin. Note that PCS Corp. being a Canadian domicile company reports resource taxes as separate from cost of goods sold. In our case, it's included in cost of goods sold. So there's not an apples-to-apples comparison between the 2 companys' gross margin rates on an as reported basis, which is why we provided some supplemental information showing you what our gross margin rate is excluding resource taxes.
James Prokopanko: Mike?
Michael Rahm: In terms of Chinese exports, last year, China exported 6.1 million tonnes of DAP/MAP and triple. As we've said before, China has played an important role in meeting kind of the surges in demand that occurred in 2007 and again in 2010. With the implementation of a more, what I'd call, progressive export tax, our team believes that DAP/MAP triple exports will drop to about 5 million tonnes in 2011. It's probably important to distinguish between DAP/MAP exports and TSP or triple exports. In 2010, China exported 4.9 million tonnes of DAP/MAP. We expect that to drop to about 3.6 million tonnes, so a 1.3 million tonne decline in DAP/MAP exports. And if you look at statistics from China customs for the first 5 months of this year, DAP/MAP exports have dropped about 9%. Triple exports have increased about 96% from China. Triple exports are not subject to the same progressive export tax. So bottom line in terms of the phosphate market, the way we like to summarize it is we think that import demand will increase about 1.1 million tonnes this year. We're seeing about a 1.1 million tonne decline in export supply from China. There's about a 2.2 million tonne gap there that needs to be filled by supplies coming from other producers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Jim, a question on your sales strategy for India in the second half. International DAP prices have been firming well beyond the 6 12 landed. I'm just wondering with your South Fort Meade issues whether you'll be less aggressive on volume commitments for India and what your expectations are for that second half price?
James Prokopanko: We are -- you're correct. We are seeing firming. Part of the reason is the supply side, as Mike has just laid out, with China, with some questions around Ma'aden, some of the questions around permitting in South Fort Meade. India is a good customer for us, get strong volumes from them provides a very secure baseload. So we are -- we value India as a customer, and we're going to be there with the tonnage that they need. But they should be expecting, and I believe do understand, that the market's prevail and market pricing prevails, and they get some benefit for being a 2 million tonne annual customer and for the confidence they have in us and the loyalty that, that shows to us, to PhosChem as a producer. They're going to have the tonnes they need, but it's going to be closer to the market rates at the time that they decide to agree on a price.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank AG: Jim, just on the Esterhazy situation. In terms of how long will the trial last do you think in January? And before the volumes do revert back to you, to Mosaic, how will you look at disposal volumes over the next -- in 2012 and beyond?
James Prokopanko: Dave, I'm going to ask Rich Mack, our General Counsel, who's intimately involved in this matter to answer your question.
Richard Mack: We anticipate that the trial could last in the range of 4 months or so, plus or minus, probably several weeks on that. And of course, recently the court indicated that it wanted to maintain the status quo until trial began. As a reminder, this relationship that we have in the tolling agreement is a 40-year relationship. And so it's not surprising that with the trial only 6 months away, that the court basically indicated that they wanted us to continue to supply until the beginning of trial. If we're successful in the litigation and we do have a strong viewpoint that our obligations under the tolling agreement have been exhausted, 1.3 million tonnes of capacity would revert to Mosaic. And obviously, we would be looking to place that in the most economically advantageous way possible at that point in time. In addition and as a final note, I would also indicate that in connection with the court's recent ruling, PCS did take an undertaking effectively to pay economic damages to Mosaic to compensate for the difference in terms of market prices versus the supply in this potash at cost between now and trial.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fai Lee, RBC.
Fai Lee: I'm not with RBC anymore, but I just wanted to ask a question regarding your potash reduction. Excluding the tolling agreement, your effective potash offering capacity is about 9 million tonnes. How will this number change in fiscal '12, '13 and '14? And for forecasting purposes, should we assume like a 95% rate on this number? I guess in other words, if you operate flat out, how much potash can you actually produce annually over the next 3 years?
James O'Rourke: Joc O'Rourke here. The capacity increases, and I think those are laid out fairly well in the 10-K. But just so that you understand how they come on, the Esterhazy operation will finish its first phase of expansion early in calendar 2012. So the end of this fiscal year, we should see production from it and it's a total of 600,000 tonnes. We should start seeing production from early in the calendar 2012, and then ramping up to its full capacity about the fall of 2012. The next one off the mark is Belle Plaine. Belle Plaine is coming in not long after that in sort of the end of 2012 calendar year. And then finally, Colonsay, which will completed by the end of 2012, and it will come online early calendar 2013. Then a little longer down the road, we have the Esterhazy, which includes our K3, the Esterhazy Phase 3, which includes the K3 operation. That adds another 900,000 tonnes to Esterhazy, but that won't be coming until circa 2017. The other 2 in that, which help take us up to the 16 are a second expansion of Belle Plaine, which is right now in the final feasibility stage, and a further expansion of Colonsay, which is in the feasibility stage right now. So those will come in pretty much year by year for the next 3 years. And then after that, we have a gap until about 2015, 2017 where the next phase starts coming in.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Silver, Bank of America.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions. First, I was hoping that maybe Mike or someone there could provide an update on your view of how the Ma'aden facility is ramping up and whether we look at marketing agreements or what is it that you're looking at that you're using as a basis for their productive capability? And then second, I'm going to apologize in advance for a long question, but I'm listening to discussions of South Fort Meade and the legal back and forth that's going on. And in the back of my mind, I'm thinking that the value of rock in the ground is only rising as these issues go on. And we haven't mentioned Ona or Pine Level in quite a while. And, Jim, I'm just wondering if you could maybe comment on how you view your current strategy with South Fort Meade and if you could relate it to how you think the company can best exploit the reserves, the substantial reserves yet to be mined and that ultimately you'll be relying on in the not-too-distant future. If that's not too vague a question.
James Prokopanko: Okay, David, that's 3 questions. We're going to bend to that, and this will be the last set of questions. So your colleague analysts can blame you for that, taking up the last of the meeting. Mike, answer David's hope to have with the Ma'aden question answered.
Michael Rahm: Yes. You probably the read the same reports we have. There was a report over the weekend that they achieved a total production of 50,000 tonnes since their start up on June 17. Expectations that they shipped their first vessel of product to India loads next week. In our S&D, we expect that they'll produce somewhere in that 400,000 to 450,000 tonnes of product in the second half of the year. If you look at a survey of analysts, I think the number ranges from 200,000 tonnes to 500,000 tonnes. In 2012, we have been ramping up, and I think exporting something in the neighborhood of 2.2 million tonnes. So that's our expectation. And including that in the S&D, from our perspective, it continues to look balanced to snug. So I think, and we've always said, that if there's a surprise that they don't deliver on those types of quantities that it turns out to be a positive surprise at least in the near term.
James Prokopanko: Okay, thanks, Mike. David, I'm going to answer your question about value of rock, and then I'm going to ask Rich Mack to discuss our plan for getting additional permits and how we're going to manage our properties in Florida. You're absolutely right to conclude that the value of rock is not getting cheaper and is getting more costly. And this applies to both phosphate as it does to potash. Mining of any material is the most economic reserves, have been found and are being exploited and are being developed. And those are the first ones that the market finds and that's what we have, whether it's our potash in Saskatchewan, our phosphates in Florida. Our costs are low by global standards, what it's traded for, our delivered costs for our own mined rock. And we've got great mines, good reserves and short distances to haul the -- or to the processing and granulation facilities. As we look around the world, Larry mentioned that we get regular calls to look at rocks in whether it's in Kazakhstan or in West Africa. These are not cheap places to develop. And we're seeing that no matter where we go, that the next round of phosphate rock developments are going to be much higher. And whether it's in existing facilities as in Florida, where mining is not permitting -- it's a fact, it's not getting easier but it's attainable, and we are getting our permits and will get our permits to places in North Africa, where you see issues around existing deposits with social unrest, civil unrest, challenges whether it's Tunisia, Syria or Morocco. It's getting more expensive to operate mineral extraction businesses around the world, whether it's permitting, community costs or environmental costs. Costs are going up and anticipate that to be a case as we go forward. We have 30, 35 years of proven and probable reserves in Florida. We expect we're going to get the permits for that. And DeSoto and Ona are the next 2 on the docket, and I'll have Rich describe what work is being done to obtain those permits.
Richard Mack: Thanks, Jim. We have every expectation that we will get our permits that will allow us to continue our operations for the next 30 to 35 years, as Jim noted. Just maybe a couple of things as background and perspective on this. First, we have great working relationships, professional working relationships with our regulators on the local county level, on the state level and at the Army Corps level. And obviously, in terms of a strategy, we have to continue to ensure that these relationships are maintained professionally, and we can get permits to go through these organizations on a timely basis. Second, as an observation, I would also say that we believe that the Army Corps of Engineers is much better positioned today than compared to as recently as 3 years ago. They have a phosphate mining team. They have more resources. They, certainly, with the frustration on the South Fort Meade litigation and after all of the work that they exerted only to be caught up in a legal process, understand the importance of phosphate rock and what it means to U.S. agriculture and to U.S. trade. We are going to be working on these major permits in the future on a concurrent basis rather than a sequential basis. I think if you go back and take a critical look at the last, say, 5 to 7 years, that's typically how these permits have been processed, more sequentially, not as much concurrently. And that was particularly true when you had the significant economic boom in, say, 2006 and 2007 when the Army Corps was busy working on other development activities. But in the end, and just maybe closing out with South Fort Meade, if there is a frustrating part of the process, it's that you are in a process. Litigation, you have to play by the rules of civil procedure. And the important point on South Fort Meade, and I think it's important for everybody to step back and just take note, is whether or not the court came to a rational permitting decision. That is the standard. And as the Eleventh Circuit said, that has to be exceedingly deferential standard. In other words, the judge or a court cannot substitute its judgment for that of the agency who processes these permits on a daily basis. And if you take a look at just some of the statistics related to South Fort Meade and the same will happen, for example, in Ona or in DeSoto, the record, as most of you know, is 250,000 pages long. This process took over 7 years. There were more than 12, more than a dozen site visits from the Army Corps. It involved 35 meetings with the Army Corps, 37 public comment letters, and I can go on, but the statistics are stark. And after a critical review of this and going back to the initial question, did the court come to rational permitting decision? We think that there is no doubt that on the merits, the answer to that question is yes. Finally, just as a note, specific to your question, we recently did submit 3 applications, Ona, the DeSoto mine and our Wingate extension, and so those currently are in process with the Army Corps.
James Prokopanko: Okay. With that, we're going to conclude our Q&A session, and thank you for your keen interest and good questions.  The outlook for Mosaic is remarkable, and we're excited about the future of our business. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of phosphate and potash. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. You may all disconnect and thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-03-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James Prokopanko - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee James O'Rourke - Executive Vice President of Operations Lawrence Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Christine Battist - Director IR
Analysts: Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc. Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc. Shiv Puri Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Fadi Benjamin David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc. Dean Groff P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's Fiscal 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director, Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Christine.
Christine Battist: Thank you, Simon. Welcome to Mosaic's Fiscal 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the senior leadership team. After my introductory comments, Larry will summarize our third quarter results and financial guidance. He will also provide an update on South Fort Meade and the Cargill split-off transaction. Then Jim will share his views on the markets and Mosaic's strategic priorities. The presentation slides we are using during the call today are available on our website at mosaicco.com. Recently, Mosaic was recognized for the second year in a row in the Corporate Responsibility Magazine 12th annual 100 Best Corporate Citizens List. This list is known as the world's top corporate responsibility ranking based on publicly available information. This recognition was due in part to our conservation and environmental stewardship, as well as our financial and governance transparency. I also wanted to bring to your attention to one matter in our press release related to enhanced disclosure regarding MOP selling prices. We have included our average MOP crop nutrient selling prices for both North American and international customers in addition to the average MOP selling price. Historical information for the prior 14 quarters is included in our segment data table found on our website. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, March 31, 2011, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.  Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Slide 4 summarizes important information about the proxy statement and prospectus that we have filed with the SEC in preliminary form and that you should read when available in final form. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the express written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Thank you, Christine. Good morning, all. As many of you know, this is Christine's last earnings call, and I'm sure she'll miss them. Christine has led our IR function now for more than the three years she was originally asked to serve and will be rotating soon to a new role. Christine significantly enhanced our IR program, and we are grateful for her contributions. Joining us as our new Vice President of Investor Relations is Laura Gagnon. Laura brings a wealth of IR and related experience to us most recently at Ameriprise where she established the IR function following that company's spin-off from American Express.  Now let's turn to Slide 5. The long-term fundamentals for our business are outstanding, and we are effectively executing against our strategic priorities, which are aligned with this outlook. Yesterday, we reported record third quarter earnings with strong results in both of our business segments. As the leading producer of Potash and Phosphate, there is no company better positioned than Mosaic to capture the growth in crop nutrient markets.  Now let me highlight our financial results. As you can see on the slide, net earnings were $542 million or $1.21 per share compared to $222 million or $0.50 per share a year ago. We generated $366 million in operating cash flow this quarter and funded $312 million in capital expenditures, with the bulk of this going toward our Potash expansions. Gross margin was a record for any quarter at 39%, driven by outstanding market fundamentals and effective execution. Our Phosphate business segment had an exceptional quarter. As summarized on Slide 6, we generated $372 million in operating earnings compared to $53 million a year ago. Gross margin improved to 31%, up from 11% a year ago and 24% last quarter. The improvement in third quarter operating earnings was primarily due to significantly higher selling prices, partially offset by higher raw material costs. Our focus on operational excellence contributed to our outstanding performance, particularly in mining. Mining production exceeded tonnage in the year-ago quarter by 10% due to better mining performance this quarter and the impact of mining curtailments in the year-ago quarter. Our Potash segment also showed strong results in the third quarter. Potash operating earnings were $414 million, up about $90 million from last year as highlighted on Slide 7. This improvement was primarily due to the favorable effect of higher production volumes, increased selling prices and insurance recoveries. Compared to the second quarter, operating earnings, excluding discrete items, improved 49% as we began to realize MOP price increases announced last fall. Even though we continue to run our Potash mines at high rates to meet healthy demand, our Potash inventories remain low and are expected to remain so through the summer when we perform our usual turnarounds.  There were a couple of specific items to mention this quarter. Other operating income includes about $40 million or $0.07 per share for insurance recoveries, primarily in the Potash segment. And as previously announced, we redeemed $455 million aggregate principal amount of our 2014 senior notes. We recorded non-operating expense of $19 million or $0.03 per share in connection with this redemption. This was an opportunistic use of cash offering significant interest savings.  Now let me shift to financial guidance as summarized on Slide 8. We expect to finish this fiscal year on a strong note. For our fourth quarter, we estimate total Phosphate sales volumes of 2.5 million to 2.9 million tonnes. We expect an average DAP selling price in the fourth quarter of $560 to $590 per tonne. To meet continued high demand, we expect to operate our North American Phosphate plants in excess of 85% of granulation capacity. Tight market conditions for raw materials will likely pressure fourth quarter Phosphate gross margin compared to the third quarter. We have included a sensitivities chart in the appendix to our slide presentation that you might find helpful, particularly as it relates to sulfur and ammonia cost movements.  We expect continued improvement in our Potash segment due to strong demand and tight supply. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, we estimate total Potash sales volumes of 1.9 million to 2.2 million tonnes and an average MOP selling price of $385 to $415 per tonne. Note that we have sold the majority of our Potash for the North American spring season. We expect to run our Potash mines for the fourth quarter in excess of 90% of operating capacity. There are no changes to our financial guidance on capital expenditures, resource taxes, SG&A or our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011. We are making great progress on our Potash expansions with the first tonnes available from these expansions in 2012. Our projects generally are on time, on scope and on budget. Now let me provide you with a brief update on the situation at our South Fort Meade mine. As many of you know, last July, we appealed the issuance of a preliminary injunction related to this mine. Writs have long been filed and oral arguments are scheduled for next week with the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. Our assessment remains the same. We believe this permit was exhaustively reviewed and validly issued by the Army Corps of Engineers. In the meantime, we have maintained our finished phosphate production at optimal levels since last summer as a result of our successful mitigating actions. These actions include exceptional mining performance at our other mines, a partial settlement in the South Fort Meade litigation, drawing down existing rock inventories, sourcing rock from our Miski Mayo joint venture and as needed, supplementing purchases of phosphate rock from third parties.  We continue to evaluate mining alternatives beyond this fiscal year, consistent with the District Court's order and the law. Depending on how long it takes to hear from the 11th Circuit, this may include mining in certain upland-only areas of our South Fort Meade tracts. In the interim, we may see a slightly higher average phosphate rock cost. Our operations at South Fort Meade together with other mitigation efforts are not expected to have a material impact on Mosaic's finished phosphate production through calendar 2011. We will continue to provide updates on South Fort Meade as may be warranted in the future. Before we hear from Jim, let me finish with an update on the Cargill split-off transaction. In January, we announced an agreement to distribute Cargill's approximate 64% stake in Mosaic to Cargill's stockholders and debt holders in a complex transaction. Details are available in our SEC filings, and you should feel free to call us with any questions. We are working through SEC comments related to the draft proxy and registration statement filings. Once completed and effective, we will issue the proxy statement and hold a special shareholder meeting to take a vote on the transaction. We expect to hold this meeting in the second calendar quarter depending upon completion of the SEC review process. Assuming shareholder approval in this time frame, the transaction closing and initial offering of shares should also occur in the second calendar quarter.  As you have heard from us before, we are excited about becoming a fully independent company. Though this transaction has no material impact on Mosaic's operations, we expect it will allow us additional strategic and financial flexibility. Our public float will also increase, making our stock eligible for the S&P 500 Index and allow us to control our own destiny as one of the world's preeminent crop nutrition companies without the inherent complexities of having a majority stockholder. With the balance sheet that we have built during the last several years, we are well positioned to deliver value to our shareholders in the years ahead.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
James Prokopanko: Thanks, Larry. This has been another great quarter, and I'm proud and grateful for all that the Mosaic team has accomplished. Before we take your questions, I'd like to provide an overview of some of the factors we are watching that could potentially impact the crop nutrient markets. I will then finish with a recap of our strategic priorities. We are watching the number of items as listed on Slide 10. The first key item we are watching is agricultural commodity markets. Outstanding underlying industry fundamentals remain intact despite recent political unrest and the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan, which have roiled commodity markets. Farmers need to plant record acreage and reap ever-increasing yields in order to meet accelerating demand for grains and oilseeds. Grain and oilseed stock-to-use ratios are low, and commodity prices are hypersensitive to weather and demand developments.  Corn looks especially tight with less than two months of use estimated for the end of this crop year. This is the second lowest stock-to-use ratio since the early 1970s. The stock-to-use ratio was even lower if you exclude large strategic reserves held by China and India. Adding additional volatility to corn prices is speculation about the potential for large Chinese grain imports. With U.S. corn inventories at an all-time low, we need two years of bumper crops to move to more secure stock levels.  Weather continues to be a significant factor to watch. During this past year, extreme weather conditions have affected global grain and oilseed production. While we look forward to the North American spring season, we are mindful of potential weather delays such as wet field conditions. Wet fields may result in a late spring planting and could create logistics challenges for positioning crop nutrients.  Another key factor we are watching is supply uncertainty. In Phosphates, questions around the delay of the modern start up in Saudi Arabia, raw material uncertainty, changes in China's export duties, political unrest in North Africa and market concerns about permit litigation at our South Fort Meade mine have all contributed to tight market conditions.  In Potash, supply is tight as well. Increased supplies will be met with brownfield capacity additions. Our large Potash projects will play a significant role in meeting this demand. We believe brownfield projects currently underway are sufficient to supply robust demand growth over the course of this decade. To some, the environment today may appear to be a repeat of the 2008 period. While we see some similarities, there are differences. While raw material supplies today are tight, we do not anticipate prices climbing to 2008 peak levels. In 2008, the supply chain pipeline was full. Today, that pipeline chain is lean. Dealers and farmers exhibit much more caution in their buying behavior today than they did in 2008. As you can see in the chart on Slide 11, during the last cycle, the cost of crop nutrients relative to grain prices reached historically high levels. Now the relative cost is well within historic norms. Collectively, these factors paint a different and more sustainable picture than in 2008. As can be seen in our results, successful execution of our strategic priorities is paying off. Mosaic's ability to supply the world's agricultural markets with a global scale, balanced portfolio of two vital crop nutrients is unparalleled in the industry. Mosaic's leadership in both Potash and Phosphates differentiates us from our peers, and the combination of these two strong businesses will continue to provide advantages in the years ahead. Through the volatility of the markets we serve, we have created long-term value. Solid cash flow has allowed us to build one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. We have demonstrated our willingness and ability to make investments, to divest non-strategic assets and to return cash to shareholders as appropriate. The Cargill transaction is expecting us, to allow us to utilize our balance sheet more aggressively over time. Our strong cash position and significant mineral reserves give us the flexibility to continue our substantial investment in Mosaic's future growth. This fiscal year, we will spend over $700 million on our Potash expansions. Potash demand is growing, and we will add up to 5 million tonnes of capacity over the next decade to meet this demand. Including reversion of the tolling agreement in Esterhazy, once complete, our peaking capacity will be nearly 17 million tonnes. In the future, we expect the higher sales volume from our Potash business to favorably contribute to a profitability and company valuation. Our expansions will ensure we continue to be one of the largest Potash companies in the world.  Our Phosphates business is producing exceptional results due to favorable market conditions and our focus on operational excellence. In fact, our year-to-date Phosphate operating profit exceeds our Potash operating profit. Mosaic is one of the lowest cost producers in the world, and we intend to maintain this advantage. We are reengineering processes, improving efficiencies and addressing supply chain opportunities. Several other strategic priorities of our Phosphates segment are paying off. The realignment of our worldwide distribution and North American production assets a year ago is producing great results. No one can come close to Mosaic's scale or reach in global distribution. Our strategic investment in the Miski Mayo joint venture highlights our extensive resources and demonstrates our global scale and flexibility. Another highlight of our Phosphates segment is MicroEssentials. This premium product creates value for the farmer, for the dealer and for Mosaic. We are currently on pace to sell over 1 million tonnes of this product this fiscal year. And with growing demand, we are converting existing phosphate capacity for up to 2 million tonnes of MicroEssentials production annually. Phosphate and Potash demand is strong. It is fully recovered from the decline of 2009 and is back on a solid growth path. We are forecasting Phosphate and Potash shipments to grow to record levels this year. We and other producers are running our mines and plants hard to keep up with this demand.  In closing, we're proud to be a leader in agriculture at a time when people around the world understand the importance of this industry and its attractive investment potential. We believe the crop nutrients sector provides the most direct exposure to favorable agricultural dynamics. Phosphate and Potash demand prospects are robust, driven by the need for farmers to plant record acreage and reap ever-increasing yields to meet accelerating grain and oilseed demand. Crop nutrients are essential to achieve needed productivity gains, and we are among the premier companies in this industry. By executing our cost-effective brownfield Potash expansions and strengthening our leading Phosphate position, we are creating shareholder value and delivering on our mission of helping the world grow the food it needs.  Back to you, Christine.
Christine Battist: We'd now like to open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] Simon, please open the phone line.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of David Silver with Bank of America.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch: I had a question I guess regarding the planned Cargill divestment. So in the remarks, you indicated that a transaction could happen "during the second calendar quarter." And I'm just wondering if you could review what remaining steps or bottlenecks there might be, and I guess I'm asking and my belief is maybe this happens very soon and that I don't believe that the SEC registration for this secondary offering would be as complicated, let's say, as an IPO or a transaction where you're changing the balance sheet, changing, diluting EPS, none of those complicating factors seem to be at play here. So could you just talk about the time line remaining to maybe that initial offering as you see it?
James Prokopanko: I'm going to ask Larry Stranghoener to talk about some of the steps that we're pursuing at present.
Lawrence Stranghoener: Hi, David. Unfortunately, I can't say much more than what we said in our prepared comments about the deal because we are in the registration process with the SEC. So I'll simply repeat. We're going through SEC comments. We believe we will work successfully through those and get this transaction done in the second calendar quarter. As you could imagine, we're motivated to move just as quickly as we can. And so we're hopeful, and we expect to accomplish this in the second calendar quarter. And beyond that, David, we just can't provide any more color or commentary.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch: So other than the registration statement, are there other significant bottlenecks that you could just qualitatively mention or no?
Lawrence Stranghoener: I don't know that I'd characterize anything as a bottleneck. But you will recall this is a very complex transaction that has many different facets to it, and so there are lots of different things we need to work through internally, as well as externally with the SEC as an example. So I would just characterize it as things running their course as we expected to them to run. And in our view, we're very much on track with a second quarter timetable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P.J. Juvekar with Citi.
P.J. Juvekar - Citigroup Inc: Given the robust outlook for your customers and growers, I was wondering why your volumes were at the low end of your own expectations for the quarter. Was there a timing issue in the quarter?
James Prokopanko: Good day, P.J., it's Jim here. The two elements I'd say contributed to the Phosphate number. It was within the range that we forecasted. First, we had some -- a couple vessels which cannot easily happen were deferred from the third quarter into the fourth quarter, either the logistics bottleneck, port bottleneck, something of that sort. So it's just a couple vessels at the end of the quarter. The other element is that we made some economic decisions. Do we pursue volume or do we pursue maximized gross margins? And we made the choice to go for better gross margins, and we're pleased with what we have. We have a record profit in Q3, and it worked out well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Donald Carson - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Jim, a question on Potash. You mentioned that you thought brownfield expansions would be sufficient to satisfy demand for the balance of this decade. But we've seen some new projects, K+S buying Potash One and talking about building a solution mine in Saskatchewan, BHP perhaps going ahead and then EuroChem appears to be proceeding as well. So what would be your view of Potash pricing if some of these greenfield operations were to start up, recognizing that they'll take us several years to get underway?
James Prokopanko: Well, now there's a lot of interest, a bit of a gold rush to the Potash fields in Saskatchewan and other places in the world. Our view is unchanged. Brownfield is by far the most economic way at present to go forward. Brownfields in our case requires something in the range of $300 a tonne to generate the kind of returns we're looking for, and the greenfield is going to be double that. And so the economic wisdom of starting up a greenfield in this decade just is beyond my thinking. You are going to need $600 to justify that investment, and with the brownfields that are on the drawing board now, a greenfield, perhaps a solution mine in South America, that will take care of the demand growth for this decade. I can't explain what's going to justify somebody else going forward, but it's going to take the $600. And it's going to take, as you pointed out, considerable period of time to get a new mine up and operating. Our estimate is at least five years. Include all the infrastructure, permitting and all that goes with it, it could be as long as seven years. So that will get us into that just about the next decade. So presently, I think we're going to have a solid supply-demand scenario that justifies brownfields. I don't see greenfields being justified on economics just yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: My question is maybe you guys could give a little color around the Indian Potash negotiation. I guess kind of really what I'm wondering is sort of what the thinking is going to be behind accepting either a six-month or 12-month contract, and how should we be thinking about or reading across the PhosChem contract, which I guess was for 12 months in phosphate? Does that imply that we're likely to see a 12-month contract with India? I guess my question is, is it seems like the follow-on implications to the back half of the year contract with China are probably pretty large relative to what winds up happening with Canpotex in India.
James Prokopanko: Sure, Vincent. Well, I'm not sure anything's going to happen until the World Cup Cricket match is over in India. Once that's done, which I think is in a week or two, what we've seen is Indian buyers focused on phosphate and nitrogen purchases going forward. So now that those have been pretty much put to bed, and I'll say the PhosChem contract was for April through September period, 1 million tonnes, so what can we conclude is that I think the world's looking at and ourselves as a supplier looking at shorter contract periods with a stronger markets that we're seeing. And I don't know that you can conclude anything basis on pricing from what's happened on Phosphate. You'd have to look at the Potash marketplace, and the most recent indicator is a deal that was published and announced in Brazil, where some Russian, Belarusian producers have made a sale, I think it was 520 CFR. So you're seeing the Potash market continue to firm. There's been a question I'll ask it before it's asked or answer it before it's asked, what's happening with the spread between domestic and international pricing on Potash? And with this 520, that's approximately $50 increase in reduction in the spread between domestic and North American and international prices. So I see it strengthening market. I see it’s likely shorter time periods, and attention I expect will now turn by -- the Indians will turn their attention to Potash now that they have phosphate and some nitrogen purchased.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA.
Shiv Puri: This is actually Shiv Puri calling in for Mark. I was wondering if you could give us an update on the brine flow in Esterhazy, and what it was like relative to historical?
James Prokopanko: Sure. I'll have Joc O'Rourke, our Executive Vice President of Operations, will speak to that.
James O'Rourke: Hello, Mark. The brine flow has been as we always have said I guess, within historic levels. We continue to manage it effectively. There really is nothing new that we could say about brine flow. It's as good as it's ever been. It's certainly in historic range. So we really have no update beyond what we've told you before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, everybody. I was just -- I had a quick question on the operating rates you anticipate for Phosphate and Potash. And first is, what would actually be the maximum rate that you could run your mines versus the north of 85% and north of 90% that you guys see for next quarter? And second, is the fact that you're not running Phosphate more aggressively a reflection of perhaps some bottlenecks in your rock supply or a view that you would like to forgo some less profitable sales, just curious why you're not maxing that out given the robust global demand backdrop you talked about.
James Prokopanko: Lindsay, it's Jim here. We look at maximum operating rates at pretty much at a 90% of nameplate capacity. We have turnarounds and this is pretty much a standard in the industry, of turnarounds in Potash. You can have a mine and a mill down for as long as a month. You have unexpected outages and days lost here and there through a variety of things, power interruptions and so on. So 90% is effectively 100%, and we may have the days or weeks where you're running at 92%, 93%, but we expect that the average for the year is, with things running very well, is at 90%. And we're approaching those numbers now. Why haven't we been hitting 90% all the way through? It's been a matter of ramping up to those kind of levels. This market has really come alive in the last four months where the pipeline has really been opened to recharging and filling the warehouses. So we are pressing on the accelerator as fast as the market will take it, and we are now in this quarter producing all that we can move and sell to both in Potash and Phosphate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken with Cleveland Research.
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Hi, I just wanted to touch a little bit more on your Phosphate cost structure for the past quarter, and just wondering in the third quarter results, I mean, how much of the rock that you guys use was imported versus vertically integrated rock? And kind of going forward, if there were any sort of disruption and you need to rely more on imported rock like how much would that change your cost structure?
James O'Rourke: Hello, Joc O'Rourke here. I'll answer that question. Basically, our main source of rock has been and continues to be our Florida rock as it will for the long term. We've supplemented, and I think we've been publicly stated we will at full capacity take about 1.3 million tonnes per year from Miski Mayo. The South Fort Meade represents approximately 3 million to 5 million tonnes depending on the time. But we have lots of inventory in Florida for at least to the end of calendar '11. So our reliance on external rock is pretty limited, and I would say definitely less than 10% of the total. And you can work out the cost on that based on world market prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with Gleacher & Company.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company, Inc.: A quick question on the PhosChem deal again. So can you talk about who was pushing for the six-month contract? I mean, was it PhosChem or the Indians? And can you talk about the pros and cons of a shorter deal, yes, as it compared to the usual one-year deal?
James Prokopanko: I'm not going to get into the confidentiality aspects of the deal, who was asking for what. There's pros and cons of six months for, depending if you're a buyer or a seller. Our view is that we're in a strong strengthening crop nutrient marketplace. We see the potential for upside pricing here as well, there's some risk that goes with longer-term contracts in terms of raw material ingredients of the sulfur, the ammonia. We buy our sulfur on a month-to-month basis. We manufacture about 1/3 of the sulfur we consume, 1.5 million tonnes. We produce 500,000, so we're open to ammonia price risk, as well as sulfur, which is purchased on a quarterly basis. And so given what we have in inventories with what we have contracted, we are comfortable going out six months and locking in a price on that, and we think it was the best approach as the producer of the product to limit it to a six-month contract period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee with RBC Capital Markets.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just have a question regarding some commentary I guess, Jim, you've made to the media regarding the Potash mining. I think you mentioned some operational problems to Reuters about hitting some salt seams, and just wondering if that's going to carry on into Q4 and what impact that had in Q3?
James Prokopanko: Yes, Fai, the comment I made is just broadly the Phosphate we've been firing on absolutely all cylinders. Things have been really working well in both our mining and processing, chemical processing of the finished product. In Potash, we've had a few fits and starts in the minor things in the Potash operations. We hit a salt seam at one of our mines and so that reduces the productive capacity of the mine and extracting potassium chloride, which caused us some minor delays in our shipping. We're current on all shipping as of this month. We're producing at our expected capacities for the month. We dug into inventory to make up for some of the slippage that we had in mining. But it was a matter that this is a business that 10 or 12 months ago we were running at 40% capacity. The market picked up demand pace, and you hit on the accelerator and we have to get back up to 90% in a very short order, and so we had a few little sputters. They were minor. We believe they're behind us, and we will run our operations at closer to that 90% capacity going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Isaacson with Scotia Capital.
Dean Groff: This is Dean Groff stepping in for Ben Isaacson. Just quickly relating to your rock supply, could you provide an update as to the commissioning, how advanced Bayóvar is right now? And also, if you see rock from Vale or Mitsui 65% stake available to you?
James O'Rourke: Joc O'Rourke to answer that question again. The commissioning of the Bayóvar project or Miski Mayo joint venture was meant to occur over about a year and a half, two years for the main part. We're pretty much right on track with that. The project's been quite successful, and we should hit our strides pretty quick here in the next couple of months as per our original schedule. Of course, that's Vale is the operator of that project and more detail of that probably should be a Vale question, not a Mosaic. And sorry, there was a second part of the question...
James Prokopanko: The second part of the question I think is based -- is with respect to the ownership structure. I'm sorry, my mic wasn't on. The second part of the question was with respect to the ownership structure, and do we look forward to any changes in that? And the answer is no, we don't. Not at the current time. We've got a very effective partnership with Vale and Mitsui. It's working well. We expect it to continue to work well. Obviously, if in the future, either one of those parties is looking to exit the investment, it would be of interest to us. But that's not in the cards at this point in time, certainly.
James O'Rourke: And I think possibly the other aspect that you may have been asking was, are we buying from Vale and Mitsui? And yes, from time to time we have bought from Vale and Mitsui to satisfy that incremental requirement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout with CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc.: Hoping we get an update on the Esterhazy tolling arrangement. And then maybe as a part B to the question, maybe comment a bit on the expansion plans at Esterhazy, where things stand with K3. And can you give us an update on how much you think it's going to cost to sink a shot at K3?
James Prokopanko: And I'm going to ask Rich Mack, who's traveling and is joining us by teleconference, and we'll see how that works. And second part, I'll ask Joc to speak to the proceeding of the shaft sinking in the K3 Esterhazy. Rich, are you there?
Richard Mack: I am here, Jim. And Jacob, with respect to the PCS tolling arrangement, as we've indicated before, it's our expectation that we will have satisfied our obligations under that contract in the June 2011 time frame. And as you know, we're currently in litigation on this dispute in Saskatchewan. I think the next upcoming event on that will be establishment of when the trial will occur. And right now, we believe that the trial will be set likely for some time in the last quarter of this calendar year or perhaps the first quarter of 2012. Obviously, if the parties could come to some resolution on this, I think it would be in the best interest of everybody and obviously, I think we all would prefer that. But to date, the gap is still far apart, and we expect that we will head towards a trial later in the year. With that, Jim, I'll turn it back to you.
James O'Rourke: Okay, so in terms of the expansions, the K3 freeze holes have been drilled. So we are definitely moving forward on that on a good path. We are awaiting a couple of permits that we need to get before we start freezing, but we will be starting freezing very soon. And so that project will occur. Over the next three to five years, we’ll actually sink that shaft for the K3. In terms of the other expansions, they're going on schedule essentially and start coming into production mid to late 2012 starting with the Esterhazy. In terms of the cost, we have I think previously stated our costs on average or about a $1,000 per capacity tonne. And you could look at the shaft sinking as being on the higher side of that cost range. But that's pretty much where we see the cost of these expansions. So three to five years to sink the shaft, probably seven years to actually get it into production and in the cost range of $1,000 a tonne for all of our projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley with Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Group, Inc.: With respect to Phosphates, you talked about the robust market's high operating rates. But Larry, you had also talked about maybe some gross margin pressure in the fourth fiscal quarter because of raws, so can you kind of help me reconcile perhaps you're cautioning it may not be able to pass on those higher raw material costs in this fourth quarter?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Mark, I made those comments in the context of a great third quarter performance where we had gross margins above 30% in Phosphate. And we simply don't look for something quite that strong in the fourth quarter. As indicated in our guidance, we do expect phosphate prices to be increasing fourth quarter versus third quarter. We think that raw material costs will likely increase by a somewhat higher percentage than prices will increase during the quarter. And so the end result is the likelihood of a gross margin that will be somewhere in between I suspect the second quarter level and the third quarter level. So we're not trying to signal anything dramatic. We're just trying to send a slight cautionary tone about rising raw material costs that might, at least for this coming quarter, outstrip price increases.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Benjamin Fadi with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Fadi Benjamin: I just wanted to ask you if you could help me reconcile the gap difference in Potash prices between what's being posted by others in the industry and your guidance.
James Prokopanko: Benjamin, it's Jim. The difference from our Q4 versus what's posted is what you're seeing in our forecast is the sales that have been put on our books anywhere from last week to much of it could be three and four months ago, where we have a sale made committed to prices that were posted two and three months ago for shipping in this quarter. So it's going to take, as is typical, anywhere from eight weeks to 12 weeks to get product positioned and shipped if it's coming from our facilities, from our mines. So it's just a matter of the actual posted realized prices lag, what you see on the listed prices. So it's just a matter that in the next three months, we'll start seeing actually prices earned approach what is posted in the various trade journals.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee with RBC Capital Markets.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I just have a follow-up question. Joc, I think you mentioned that you have enough inventory on the phosphate rock side until the end of the calendar year '11. Is that reflecting I guess mining in the uplands area, and do you need approval I guess to mine in the uplands area?
James O'Rourke: All right. Joc here again. The statement I made was if we are unable to continue with South Fort Meade after June, which we don't think is probably -- the probable scenario necessarily, but if that happens, which is our worst case scenario, we have sufficient rock inventory in Florida with the addition of our Bayóvar rock to keep us going to the end of the calendar year '11. So the uplands area mining that Larry suggested or any of the favorable outcomes on the court case would be incremental to that. So we've only expressed the worst case scenario in that.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, great. And do you need approval, sorry?
Richard Mack: Fai, this is Rich Mack. Uplands mining, keep in mind the Army Corps permit relates to federal wetlands, and so as long as you're not touching any of the wetland areas, there is no permit or other approval required beyond those what we currently have to engage in upland mining.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout with CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Inc.: Just a follow up in the Esterhazy tolling arrangement. In June 2011, what happens at that point if there's no settlement? And then just a follow up on the K3, what is the size of the -- what's the hoisting capacity going to be of K3?
James Prokopanko: Jacob, it's Jim. The June 11 is where our calculations show that we are concluded our obligations to the other party. We're not declaring what it is we will or what we won't do at that time. It's a matter under litigation. We're talking to the other party. So there's months yet to go before the final conclusion is drawn. I'm going to ask Joc to speak to the second question.
James O'Rourke: Hello, Jacob. The question on the capacity of the Esterhazy K3 hoist, we'll be setting up the K3 hoist to hoist in the range of 3.5 million to 6 million tonnes of ore per year in the first instance. But, of course, because it is a mitigation project as well, it will be expandable to the equivalent of 7 million tonnes of finished product or let's say 21 million tonnes of ore per annum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Silver with Bank of America.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch: Larry or Joc, I was hoping to follow up I guess on your earlier comments about, I guess Jim's comment about effective operational execution this quarter. And I noticed that if I look at your Potash segment and if I strip out the resource taxes and the DD&A and kind of work to a cash conversion cost kind of number or cash production cost, it's about as low as it's been in several years. So I was wondering if you could just highlight, are there some techniques or are there some issues that you're handling differently now that, that account for the very efficient results you've been producing? And then could you also just remind us, you did mention some insurance recoveries this quarter. Have you received the full amount of those or might there be a knock-on effect in future periods?
Lawrence Stranghoener: Okay. First, the question of the cost, and one of the things we have said in the past and I would continue to say is we are running at very high historic rates. So our -- and our marginal cost of production are quite low. So that in itself drives a much lower cost of production than if we were running at 60% or 70% or 40% like last year. But further to that in both our Phosphate and Potash segment, we have taken a view that we're going to work extremely hard to lower that overall cost base the long term to maintain our industry position. And that goes from everything from how we purchase using our major size as a company overall to drive better purchases for both our Phosphate and Potash segment. We're doing some efficiencies in terms of how we do our maintenance. So all of those things that we would call normal operational excellence, we’ve really been pushing now for a couple of years, and I think they're starting to pay some dividends.
James O'Rourke: And, David, with respect to the question about the insurance proceeds, we had proceeds of about $40 million, $36 million of which was related to Potash. This was related to a couple of incidents a couple of years ago, and it represents business interruption in insurance proceeds. And because of that, I question whether it really should be backed out of our results. These proceeds, in effect, represent operating profits that we did not earn two years ago because of industrial accidents that we had. And yes, we did -- we have collected the proceeds, and that's the end of this. There's nothing else to be expected from these particular cases. So with that, Jim, we'll turn it over to you for concluding comments I think.
James Prokopanko: Well, thanks very much, and thanks for that final set of questions, David. With that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. The outlook for Mosaic is remarkable, and we're excited about what the future of our business. It's a great time to be the world's leading producer of Phosphates and Potash. Thanks very much, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. You may all disconnect, and thank you for participating.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-01-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist - Director, Investor Relations Jim Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer Larry Stranghoener - EVP and Chief Financial Officer Mike Rahm - VP, Market and Strategic Analysis Rick McLellan - SVP, Commercial Rich Mack - EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary James O’Rourke - EVP, Operations
Analysts: Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley PJ Juvekar - Citi  Don Carson - Susquehanna David Silver - Bank of America Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets Ashish Gupta - CLSA Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher & Company  David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Michael Picken - Cleveland Research  Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Mosaic Company’s fiscal 2011 second quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed in a listen only mode. The floor will be open for questions following today’s presentation. Your host for today’s call is Christine Battist, Director, Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Please proceed Christine.
Christine Battist: Thank you Keisha and welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2011 second quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer, Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and other members of the senior leadership team. After my introductory comments Larry will summarize our second quarter results and update financial guidance. Jim will comment on execution against our strategic priorities, provide an update on South Fort Meade and then finish with some comments on the market outlook. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our Web site at www.mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, January 5, 2011, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you Christine and happy new year everyone. It’s a great time to be the world’s leading producer of phosphate and potash. We are on track for an outstanding year in fiscal 2011. Our second quarter results reflect strong global phosphate and potash demand. We had a great North American fall application season with demand outstripping production and we see a continuation of this trend in coming months. We are executing against our strategic plans and delivering results. As you can see on Slide 3, this quarter we earned net income of $1 billion or $2.29 per share compared to 24 cents a year ago. This includes an after-tax gain of $570 million or $1.28 per share on the sale of our interest in Fosfertil. The gross proceeds from this sale were $1 billion. In addition, we generated $532 million in operating cash flow this quarter and funded $291 million of capital expenditures with the bulk of this going toward our potash expansions. We also recently announced the redemption of the remaining $455 million aggregate principal amount of our 2014 senior notes. This transaction will close next week and was an opportunistic use of cash that offers significant interest savings. Our phosphates business segment had an exceptional quarter compared to both the year ago period as well as the first quarter of this year. As summarized on Slide 4, both sales volumes and the averaged realized DAP price exceeded the high end of our guidance ranges. We generated $402 million in operating earnings compared to $29 million a year ago. Over the first half of this fiscal year our phosphate segment operating earnings have outpaced potash earnings. The improvement in second quarter operating earnings compared to last year was primarily due to significantly higher selling prices and record sales volumes partially offset by higher sulfur and ammonia costs. Our phosphate segment generated a gross margin of 24% driven by strong sales volumes in North America and above average margins on blend products. Demand was strong in many markets during the quarter though we chose to sell more into North America, which contributed to a record level of shipments. This robust demand has drawn down phosphate finished goods inventories to record low levels in spite of high operating rates at our concentrate plants. While phosphate rock production was impacted by the temporary closure of our South Fort Meade mine, finished goods production has not been impacted and we expect to keep our concentrates plants running near capacity to meet expected North American spring demand. Our potash segment had a boost from the strong North American fall application season. Potash operating earnings were $252 million this quarter, up 67% compared to last year as highlighted on Slide 5. This improvement was primarily due to significantly improved sales volumes and the favorable effect of higher production rates partially offset by a decline in selling prices and an increase in Canadian resources taxes and royalties. Compared to the first quarter operating earnings improved 15% even though MLP production and cost per ton performance in the quarter were constrained by turn arounds that were postponed from the summer. We ramped up potash production during the course of the quarter and are now operating at very high rates. We are producing as much product as we can to meet continued healthy demand. Potash inventories are relatively low by historical standards and are expected to remain so. The hearty appetites of India, China and North America should drive higher shipments during the second half of our fiscal year. Now let me shift to financial guidance as summarized on Slide 6. We begin calendar 2011 expecting record phosphate and potash shipments against the backdrop of low producer and distribution pipeline inventories. Being a major producer of both phosphate and potash positions us well in this environment. For our third quarter we estimate total phosphate sales volumes of 2.4 to 2.7 million tons. Third quarter sales volumes will be impacted by normal seasonal factors following which we expect a very good fourth quarter led by strong North American spring demand. We expect an average DAP selling price in the third quarter of $510-540 per ton as we capture the upward momentum in DAP pricing. To meet continued high demand and build finished goods inventory we expect to operate our North American phosphate plants in excess of 85% of granulation capacity in our third quarter. For raw materials we expect slightly higher sulfur and ammonia costs in the third quarter compared with second quarter levels. We have included a sensitivities chart in the appendix to our slide presentation that you might find helpful particularly as it relates to sulfur and ammonia cost movements. Now shifting to potash, MLP market pricing and volume continues to firm. For the third quarter of fiscal 2011 we estimate total potash sales volumes of 1.9 to 2.1 million tons and an average MLP selling price of $330-350 per ton. Domestic MLP prices continue to increase while export pricing has lagged primarily because of certain fixed price contracts established a year ago. Recent MLP price increases into Brazil and North America should be realized beginning in our fourth fiscal quarter. We expect to run our potash mines for the third quarter in excess of 90% of operating capacity which should lead to improved per ton production costs compared to the second quarter. We are funding capital projects that improve efficiencies in both our potash and phosphate segments and are making great progress on our potash expansion plans. Because we have moved some potash sustaining projects into fiscal 2012 we are revising capital spending guidance downward by $200 million. We now expect capital spending for fiscal 2011 to range from $1.2-1.4 billion. Due to improved profitability in our potash segment we are also revising our guidance for Canadian resource taxes and royalties upward by $100 million to a $250-300 million range for fiscal 2011. There are no changes to our annual guidance on SG&A and our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011 that we previously provided and as shown on this slide. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Prokopanko: Thanks Larry. This has been a great quarter and I’m proud of what the Mosaic team has accomplished. Before we turn the call over to Q&A I would like to review our strategic priorities and provide a brief market outlook. First, we have been executing well against our potash expansion plans as detailed on Slide 8. We are well on our way to adding 5 million tons of additional capacity through this decade. So far we have committed over $3 billion to bring on an additional 3 million tons of capacity over the next several years with an additional 2 million tons in early planning stages. These projects include the expansion of mining and milling capacity at all three Canadian mine sites. Underground we are adding mining equipment and conveyers as well as further development of new mine cavities for our solution mine at Belle Plaine. Above ground we are adding milling, screening, compaction and storage capacity. Our biggest project is the construction of the K-3 shaft at Esterhazy. Once completed we will have three distinct operating shafts at Esterhazy. We are currently drilling the freeze holes and anticipate shaft sinking to start in calendar 2012. These capacity expansions are significant undertakings but 1200 contractors, engineers and employees are dedicated to these projects. We’re making great progress and are on time, on scope and on budget. In addition to these expansion projects we also have capacity at our Esterhazy mine that is currently dedicated to production under a toiling agreement (so even at) current shipment levels we anticipate this will revert back to Mosaic by the middle of this calendar year and will add another 1.3 million tons of annual capacity at no additional capital cost. As we bring on new capacity to meet increased potash demand over the coming years, we expect the higher sales volume from our potash business to favorably contribute to our profitability as well as to our company valuation. Our expansions will ensure we continue to be one of the premier potash companies in the world. Moving on to Slide 9, the variety of initiatives in our phosphate segment are allowing us to maintain our low cost position. We have teams working on improving energy efficiency, optimizing maintenance, streamlining procurement and many other projects. Collectively we are generating efficiencies and cost savings and we expect more to follow. Another highlight of our phosphate segment is MicroEssentials, a premium product that incorporates sulfur and other micronutrients in each and every phosphate granule. MicroEssentials is an innovative crop nutrition solution. This patented product ensures uniform distribution of nutrients in each granule. We have over 10 years of research trials demonstrating value for farmers through higher yields. MicroEssentials earns a higher margin and has been a resounding success. We are currently on pace to sell over 1 million tons this fiscal year and with growing demand we are finalizing capital investments that will convert existing phosphate capacity for up to 2 million tons of MicroEssentials annually. This premium product is a win-win for the farmer, for the dealer and for Mosaic. Finally, the realignment of our worldwide distribution and North American production assets continues to pay off. The optimization of our production to feed our global distribution supply chain is working well and is reflected in our strong phosphate segment results this quarter. Now I’ll provide an update on developments at South Fort Meade. During our last earnings call we outlined a number of factors under consideration that were designed to keep our finished phosphate production running at near capacity until the South Fort Meade litigation is resolved. As previously announced, we reached a partial settlement with the plaintiffs that will allow approximately four months of uplands mining in the Havarti County Extension. We expect to mine approximately 900,000 tons of phosphate rock during this period, which began in early December. In addition, we have been drawing down existing phosphate rock against finished goods inventories, optimizing mining at our Florida mines, sourcing phosphate rock from our Miski Mayo joint venture and as needed, supplementing with purchases from third parties. During the quarter we began receiving rock from our Miski Mayo joint venture. For our Louisiana operations imported rock has substantially replaced Florida produced rock. We will continue to pursue these mitigation strategies as long as is needed. As many of you know, we have appealed the issuance of the preliminary injunction that has made it necessary to take these mitigating actions. The 11th Circuit Court of Appeals has scheduled oral arguments for the first week of April, 2011. Our assessment remains the same. We believe that the permit was exhaustively reviewed and validly issued by the Army Corps of Engineers and we look forward to presenting our case. South Fort Meade remains one of our highest priorities. We continue to evaluate ways to keep the mine operating until the appellate court rules. While mitigating strategies have been successful to date, we are determined to regain full access to this mine. Our South Fort Meade mine is one of the most cost effective and efficient operations in the world and we fully expect that we will be able to mine the ample resources located at South Fort Meade in the years ahead. Now let me finish with a brief overview of the market outlook, which looks good from any angle that we can see. Phosphate and potash demand is booming. It has not just recovered from the decline in 2009 but it is back on a solid growth trajectory. We are forecasting phosphates and potash to grow to record levels this year. This upbeat outlook is underpinned by a number of factors as listed on Slide 12. Global grain and oil seed demands continue to accelerate. This implies strong growth in global crop nutrient markets. These factors combined with lower producer stocks have led to extraordinarily high prices for a wide variety of agricultural commodities. This translates into exceptionally profitable farm economics worldwide. Markets are sending clear signals to farmers around the globe to seed more area and apply more crop nutrients. In the United States we expect a real contest for acreage this spring. Our analysis indicates that markets will need to bid for 92-93 million acres of corn and 77-78 million acres of soybeans. US acreage and crop nutrient demand in 2010-2011 is expected to rival the high levels of 2006-2007. The fall application season was outstanding and P and K shipments this spring are expected to exceed the five-year average and the totals last fall. High agricultural commodity prices are not the only reason for the upbeat outlook. Producers are beginning this year with low inventories following blockbuster shipments during the past six months. Global distribution pipeline inventories remain at low levels in most regions. And several supply uncertainties still overhang the phosphate market. Around the world we continue to see a focus on food security. I visited with several customers in India last month and I can tell you first hand that the 50% growth in DAK sales and the 40% increase in potash sales during the last three years is evident in the countryside. Grain and oil seed demand and consumption is growing and no one wants to be caught short of crop nutrients. In Brazil for the first time that I can recall vessels loaded with crop nutrients were given priority to discharge in order to get sufficient tonnage in place prior to the recent planting season. We project that Brazilian crop nutrient shipments of 26 million tons in 2011 will eclipse the previous record set in 2007. On balance the outlook for Mosaic is remarkable and we are excited about the future of our business. It’s a great time to be the world’s leading producer of phosphate and potash. We are executing well against our long-term strategy to create shareholder value and for fulfilling our mission to help the world grow the food it needs. Back to you Christine.
Christine Battist: We would now like to open the call to your questions. Please hold your questions to one per person so we can take questions from as many people as possible. You are welcome to rejoin the queue for a follow up question. Keisha, please open the phone lines.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question please press star, 1. If your question has been answered or you would like to withdraw from the queue simply press star, 2. As a reminder, please limit your questions to one and rejoin the queue for any follow ups. Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering whether you would reflect on the positives and negatives to the phosphate industry of the announced sulfuric acid and DAP expansions that OCP is making in the 2013-2015 period.
Jim Prokopanko: Well, good day Jeff. Yeah. They have announced the expansion projects we all have read. They haven’t started construction yet so it’s a good announcement and I think reflective of the demand growth that we’re seeing in the world. Outside of China there just has not been very much phosphate production added. The (modern) project has been a grey cloud on the horizon. As we have all experienced, that’s not come on as fast as they anticipated or hoped for. And so we don’t see significant disruption. I think OCP is going to bring it on in a practical and manageable manner and not going to - may have a small overhang for a period of time but then it’s just going to be brought on in a balanced approach.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks. Good morning. I guess maybe if you could just give a little more detail on potash pricing both sort of in the quarter and then on a go forward basis just in terms of how you’re thinking about your order book and how much you still have sold forward? And just sort of what are the machinations that will get us to realizing the current spot prices in your P&L?
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, good day. I will give just a few high level comments and then I’m going to ask Rick to add a little more color to what he’s seeing in the sales organization. You may wonder what happened with the drop, why maybe the lower than anticipated potash pricing. Three things contributed. First we have a carryover of sales made in Q2 that were at some of the lower prices. That’s carried into our Q3 book, the deliveries of those products. Second, we have some international products that we continue to deliver on in December that were priced earlier in the year. And there are some one-year contracts, China, India and so on, that make that up. And finally we have some industrial contracts at below ag-market pricing that were again longer term contracts that are now coming to the end of their life. And so with those three items basically prior sales booked at prior lower prices being delivered and that brought us down. Now Rick, why don’t you just make some comments about what you’re seeing going forward?
Rick McLellan: Good morning. Going forward we continue to see domestic buyers layer in potash for spring. Right now we’re looking at March sales and March and April sales and those are in North America made at the 515 Midwest warehouse price. As well internationally we’re looking at Brazil carrying out inventory in December that will be as low or lower than last year as well as good demand for the second crop coming in. As well as everyone is aware, we have negotiations with China ongoing for their next six months of requirements.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi. Please proceed.
PJ Juvekar: Good morning. Jim, you just mentioned modern. It seems like it’s delayed until 2012. Is that your latest inclination? And then what are your expectations for DAP exports out of China this year?
Jim Prokopanko: Okay. Good morning PJ. The modern project, their statements are that it’s going to be the latter half of 2011. This is a big project, new ore coming into a new facility. That’s tough work to get that all working quickly so I think it’s going to be if it’s not late 2011, it’ll be up and operating 2012. It’s close to 3 million ton production capacity. I think that’s going to probably take if it works well, it would be up and fully operating at 18 months, probably closer to 24 months. So it’s going to be a slow ramp up in production. All the while and I touched on it to the question of OCP - we have a phosphate market that is growing 2-1/2 to 3 million tons a year. That’s on the top side. That’s 1-1/2 million more tons a year. So the modern project is two years of growth. You add measured output on the OCP project, I think we’re going to be pretty close to in balance with production coming on matching with growing world demand. And now your second question was about the DAP exports out of China and what we have seen is them bringing down, shutting the door on that quite quickly and abruptly for six months with the higher export duty. We’re going to have a pretty good, pretty high level ending this year, calendar year 2010. 2011 I think with the window opening I think later in June or July when it opens, Mike, are we in a 2-1/2 to 3 million ton kind of forecasted export range?
Mike Rahm: We think that exports will drop about 1 million tons. DAP/MAP exports in 2010 were in that 4.7 million ton range and we think they will probably drop into that 3.7 with most of that bunched in that export window from June through September. I think just as a comment on China, if you look at the roll it has played during the last two surges in demand, China has played a critical role. So this is an important question in our view.  If you go back to 2007 China basically accounted for all of the increase in import demand in DAP, MAP and Triple. When you look at last year the big increase, they accounted for about 2/3. So how much product comes out of China is one of the supply uncertainties that we keep highlighting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna. Please proceed.
Don Carson: Yes. Thank you. Question on pricing momentum - we have seen domestic prices for both potash and phosphate well above international pricing. Potash is almost a $200 gap by the time you get back to the mine in Saskatchewan. So can you talk a bit on how quickly you think you can close that gap and also on how quickly you can capture some of that domestic momentum particularly in potash? And then secondly, just what was going on in blends? Why did you have such good pricing margins there? And Larry, you didn’t give any guidance on blend pricing. Can you make any comments on the outlook there?
Rick McLellan: Hi Don, it’s Rick. I’ll try and answer your first question on tightening up the gap between export and domestic first on potash. We definitely have seen potash prices strengthen in North America going into spring. And we have yet to see that happen completely in the export markets so there are some bellwether contracts coming with China and India that will kind of set the guidelines and be the momentum for that to happen. And we’re already seeing those February/March shipments that are being put into Brazil coming u at a higher level of 440 and indications that that can and should go higher as the year goes on. So it’s going to take some time to fill the gap and it always ebbs and flows and we expect that during this calendar year we’ll see that gap close. On phosphates we have seen some imports where limited movement in the river kind of pulled back domestic pricing and so now we’re at a point where domestic pricing and our export sales are being done at about the same net (back). And we were in a lull in the export season and domestic was the market so people paid up for inventory. Those two have come into balance and we expect that balance at 600 above Tampa to be what we look for as a base to grow off going forward. Larry.
Larry Stranghoener: Don, with respect to your question on blends, it’s Larry. We had very good performance on blends in this past quarter. It’s good execution on the part of our offshore team in various parts of the world. It’s also a function of course of having positioned product in a rising price environment. We would expect that margins would likely revert to a more normal level in the third quarter but again, that depends upon the pricing momentum.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Silver with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
David Silver: Yeah. Hi. In terms of your phosphate operations I notice that your non-feed stock costs per ton in the current quarter really seemed to drop off significantly versus one quarter earlier. And given that the South Fort Meade mine was down the entire quarter, I was a little surprised at that. So I was wondering if you could talk about I guess your conversion or non-feed stock cost outlook for phosphate on a go forward basis? And then separately I was wondering if Jim could just comment on not so much the South Fort Meade litigation but I guess on the Army Corps of Engineers’ role and your understanding of the progress that they have made to cure any deficiencies in their permitting issue process that the federal judge cited? Thank you.
Larry Stranghoener: David, with respect to your first question on phosphate cost performance, you’re right, we had a very good quarter. And it’s as much as anything else a function of production volumes. We had very high production rates in the quarter and as we have said many times, when the plants are running at or near capacity we see very good cost performance. And the second quarter was no exception. Other than that there were no unusual items that would have caused that performance to spike one way or the other.
Jim Prokopanko: The second question David and good day - good hearing from you - was about the Army Corps of Engineers and what they may have done since the injunction. They have not done anything. They have not done anything. There was nothing deficient in their issuance of that permit. It’s a claim made by the NGO party bringing the claim that they were deficient in some way and not clear in what that was. So we are now having the appeal of the preliminary injunction. The Army Corps is standing with us on that. They are not making any changes to their review and we don’t see that any is necessary. Subsequent to the appeal of the preliminary injunction then the merits will be heard on the case and we think we’ll be successful in the preliminary injunction and then the merits will take some while to hear whether the Army Corps in fact did or did not miss something in their permit. I’m going to ask our general counsel Rich Mack to add any color to that that - and Rich has been the one that has been leading our appeal and the whole permitting process. Rich.
Rich Mack: Thanks Jim and hi David. I think Jim said it well and I can tell you David that the Army Corps of Engineers has 100% conviction behind the South Fort Meade permit. The standard I’ll remind you is whether or not they acted arbitrarily and capriciously and you know all the statistics in terms of how long this permit was reviewed and how extensive the record is and how long the permit is. And so we are in active dialogue with the Army Corps. Should any additional work need to be done on the permit it can be done very expeditiously. But their current position is that it is one of the most significant permits that have ever been issued by that regional office of the Army Corps of Engineers and they’re standing behind it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Fai Lee: Thank you. I just was wondering in terms of your cash flow priorities. It looks like even with the debt repayment you’re still going to have about $3 billion of cash on your balance sheet. Can you just maybe comment on some things that you might be looking at in terms of using that cash for? Thanks.
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning Fai. Well, we have been pretty clear about that. We do have a rock solid fortress balance sheet and we’re glad to have it in the business that is as cyclical and volatile as the world economy has been over the last 12 months. So our first priority is to maintain a sound and secure balance sheet. Well, we’re well past that sound and secure level. The second is look to fund our ground field and internal growth opportunities and we’re doing that with operating cash flow. Other activities would be to be aware of and mindful of any M&A activity opportunities. And if something were to come along we’d be prepared to look at that. And finally and we have shown it in the past, but as appropriate we will fund shareholder distributions. And we have experienced doing that. We had a large one last year and at the appropriate time we would consider doing one again. This is our capital structure and our cash balance is a matter for regular and I’ll assure you very regular review by the management team and is a topic of discussion with our board at virtually every board meeting that we have. So we do have we recognize a large cash balance and as appropriate we’ll ensure that it’s applied appropriately and used appropriately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with CLSA. Please proceed.
Ashish Gupta: Hi. Good morning everyone. This is Ashish Gupta for Mark. Larry and Jim, can you please provide some perspective on the breakdown in inventory? It looks like it’s the lowest it’s been on a dollar basis since the quarter ending August 2007. We’re just wondering if you can give us some detail there and how that is affected by what’s going on at South Fort Meade. Thanks a lot.
Larry Stranghoener: Ashish, it’s Larry. Inventories are low, there’s no question about it especially in the phosphates business. Finished phosphate product inventories are as low as we can remember them being and we’re close to that point in the potash business as well and it’s a function of the very strong demand that we’ve been seeing and that we have articulated in our comments here this morning. We think this is something that will likely continue at least through the North American spring season. With respect to your question about rock inventories, as we noted one of our mitigating strategies in the South Fort Meade matter is to use, draw down our existing supplies of phosphate rock and we have been doing that. And we’re now at a point where there is probably little more of that opportunity left as we go forward into the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Robert Koort: Thank you. Good morning. I was wondering if you could just give us a little more help on your status of your rock inventories, trying to gauge how your cost structure might change as you mentioned with the Louisiana operations going to outsourced rock. And then can you give us some sense of the right way we should think about with current transport costs to translate a 515 Midwest warehouse price to an FOB mine price and say a $400 FOB India or China price to an FOB mine?
Larry Stranghoener: With respect to the rock costs we have been incurring added cost because of the South Fort Meade issue, because of the fact that we have not been running full out at South Fort Meade. As we have noted that when it’s running full out is our lowest cost mine and it’s why we’re anxious to get that back to full production. But we estimate that we probably had about a $30 million cost penalty in the second quarter relative to what could have been had South Fort Meade been running full out. The impact in the second half of the year will depend and that’s not a completely satisfactory answer I realize but it’s dependent upon what mitigating actions we have available and choose to pursue with respect to filling any gaps in our own rock and with respect to our ability to find additional areas that we might be able to mine at South Fort Meade. So I think that this cost penalty that we incurred in the second quarter of $30 million is likely to if anything grow slightly larger in the second half of the year to the extent that we purchase more outside rock. But again, I have to say it all depends upon various different scenarios and various different options that we’re working through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elaine Yip with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Elaine Yip: Hi. Good morning. Happy new year. With regard to the potash business the costs per ton were higher sequentially when I thought they would have come down as you increase your operating rates. Can you comment on what might have driven the higher costs? And your operating rates in the quarter of 75% also seem to be lower than what you had indicated when you reported last quarter’s earnings. Were there any issues that may have impacted those operations?
Larry Stranghoener: Well, happy new year to you too, Elaine. I’m going to ask Joc O’Rourke, leader of our operations, Executive Vice President of Operations to address that question. Joc. 
James O’Rourke: Hello Elaine. So the question on our cost per ton in our potash business, there are probably two things that really affect the cost per ton there that would’ve impacted the quarter. The first of those is resource tax going up because of higher sales and higher margins. The other one that would have impacted our overall costs, we had two shutdowns or turn arounds of our plants that were taken in that quarter, which were scheduled actually for the quarter before. So actually our operating rates while up year over year were quite impacted by facility shut downs. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with Gleacher & Company. Please proceed.
Edlain Rodriguez: Thank you. Good morning guys. Just one quick question. I mean can you remind us again on the (phoscam) deal with India, when does that get re-priced and how do you see the data mix there between having a strong market now and modern on the horizon? And also since your Florida DAP prices have been flat for a while, how soon do you expect the upward momentum to resume in this market here?
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning Edlain. We’re going to have Rick McLellan, our leader of commercial operations, address those questions.
Rick McLellan: Good morning Edlain. On the phoscam contract we’ll finish up shipping. We finished up shipping in December, the end of that agreement with our Indian customers and we’ll begin negotiations and we expect a re-pricing of that agreement somewhere in the March to April timeframe. We have plenty of time. They have plenty of issues to get straight in their own business so we expect that those negotiations will get started in February. And the second piece of the question was Central Florida DAP. We’re in - this is a traditional lull if you go back through history after fall season. North America, we go into a bit of a lull in pricing and volume and we expect in January that to improve at the end of January/early February as people step back into the market and kind of realize that the price is going to be what the price is and start the planning for either fall demand in South America or spring demand in North America. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
David Begleiter: Thank you. Good morning. Jim, looking at your global shipment forecast for potash, what’s your view of global industry effect of capacity for potash in 2011? And do you have a view on the Janssen expansion going forward? Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning David. The operating capacity of mines and facilities is a subject for some considerable confusion. I think when people look at there is published name plate capacities, which are the rates that facilities would operate at running 24/7, which is for a proving period of time for 90 days let’s say. And so you get one number that is quite elevated. And when you get down to practical operations with turn arounds, with planned or unplanned outages, you’re down to typically 90% of that. So Mike, just correct me if I’m wrong here but I think we’re in the 60 million, 62 million ton potash operating capacity. And I think if we continue shipping as we are now and with potash as we’re forecasting at 53-56 million tons consumption shipments in 2011, we’re going to be approaching that 90% capacity rate and that’s going to be as high as the industry has operated for some while. So it’s going to be a tight operating S&D going forward. To the question of Janssen, I think we’re in a situation that our view is a brown field. In our case it’s a brown field expansion to $5 billion. If we’re - that’s going to require something in the $300 a ton or maybe a bit less than that to justify the kind of cost of capital ROI. You get into the new build green field, we think it’s double that that you’d need. You’d need something closer to $600 a ton. And right now we don’t have $600 a ton and you’d need $600 a ton into perpetuity after your mine and mill comes up into operation after what will probably be a minimum of five years and probably seven years. So we just don’t see that happening with the supply and demand scenario we see right now. So Janssen, you’ve got a party that’s well capitalized, technical skills to pull it off but I think the economics of it just aren’t there yet. The world will need a green field facility just not this decade. I think it’s going to be the 2020s before we see world demand justifying investment in a new green field operation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Picken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Michael Picken: Hi. I just wanted to see if you could provide an update on the timing of when you expect China and India to settle on the potash side. And then on the other side if we’re thinking about modeling the Canadian resource tax kind of going forward as a percentage of gross profit, like how should we be thinking about it in terms of 2012? Thanks.
Jim Prokopanko: Well, I’ll take the easy question, which is the first one about India and China and I’ll leave Larry to take the second question about the resource tax. We anticipate that China is about to buy their potash shortly. And if we’re forced to guess I think or forced to estimate, I think it’s going to happen in January. We have got information showing that China has low potash stocks in country. They are going to have to get product moving from various world suppliers by end of February in order to make their spring season and move it in country to distribution points and to the dealers and get it to the farms. So there just isn’t a lot of time for them to delay. You have got I think a number of other signals. You have - they shut the door on year end phosphate exports. I think that is a constructive signal. You have Chinese farmers getting $8 a bushel or higher for corn, which is another very constructive signal. So they are in need to ramp up food production, deal with the food inflation issues and you’ll do it with more production. So I just think the pieces are coming together. Something has to happen in January or they’re running out of rope here on getting sufficient nutrients for the spring season. In India, I think India is going to happen some time obviously after the Chinese. I think that’s probably an April timeline that we’ll see the Indians book their product.
Larry Stranghoener: With respect to your question Michael on the resource tax guidance for next year, I wish I could give you some help. I truly do. It’s such a complex tax regime that makes it very difficult for us to model and even more so for you to model. It’s a function of course of pricing and profitability and production. And so my suggestion would be to look back at history and understand what the range has been in various types of environments. And make your forecast with respect to what you think the potash business will be doing next year and use history as a bit of a guide noting that relative to history we’re going to have ongoing benefits from the expansion plans and expansion spending that we have underway that garners a tax credit under this or a tax advantage under this tax regime. So again, I know that’s not a completely satisfactory answer but that’s a realistic answer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley with Soleil Securities. Please proceed.
Mark Gulley: Hey. Good morning guys. Could you remind us with the $1 billion in proceeds for the Fosfertil sale, can you remind us how to model out where the diminution in earnings comes from the absence of that business in your P&L?
Larry Stranghoener: Yeah Mark. It comes from the equity income line. And again if you look back over history you can see how that equity income line has varied over the years and understand that the great majority of the equity income we have earned since our inception has come from that investment.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Jeff Zekauskas: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. It looks like your North American tonnage in phosphate will be very, very strong this year. Call it - I don’t know - 3-1/2 million tons, something like that. And when you look back often your tonnage is more in the mid 2’s or the high 2’s. So do you think this is a year of over application of phosphate because of the high grain prices and that probably in 2012 or 2013 you’ll have lower DAP applications in North America? Or do you see it differently?
Jim Prokopanko: Hi. Good morning Jeff. I don’t think there is over application. I think we’ve had a couple years now that and reports from soil tests and accumulation of data from the field in the US has indicated that there has been a draw down of phosphate levels in US farm soils. And the high yields that we have had the last couple of years would support that. Our calculations show that more corn has been - more phosphate has been removed from the fields in terms of in corn and soybeans than has been applied. So we think there is to the contrary, some catch up that is necessary and I think back to closer to normal kinds of levels. And we have good indications supporting that this fall, just outstanding farm applications and we are getting signals that this spring will be just as strong. Rick, why don’t you add some dimension to that?
Rick McLellan: Yeah. Thanks Jim. Hi Jeff. I think what we’re hearing from dealers in North America that application rates were strong but not anything extra. And maybe what you’re seeing is the impact of North American buyers didn’t come as early to buy and waited for phosphates. And it’s caused some phosphates to be shipped out of this - more phosphates to be shipped out of the country during the period that normally would have filled North America. And so I think there are no major swings other than an increase in use in phosphates. But nothing that we’re going to see fall away next year.
Christine Battist: Keisha, it’s Christine. We have time for two more questions.
Operator: Sure. Your next question is a follow up from the line of Fai Lee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Fai Lee: Great. Thanks. Jim, I just have a question regarding phosphate in your global demand growth. You expect demand to continue to grow going forward and I guess production will also increase. Do you think the sulfur market in terms of sulfur production will be able to keep up with the growth in phosphate demand?
Jim Prokopanko: Fai, first I’m going to just correct something that I just looked at some notes. I think I said to another question that we’re going to see 2-1/2 to 3% annual growth. Our formal global demand forecast is 2 to 2-1/2% of phosphates so just to set that record straight. The sulfur demand I think is going to be largely driven and has been by gasoline and oil refining, gasoline production and oil refining and diesel refining. The plants have been running reasonably well, the refiners have been running reasonably well compared to some of the hiccups we saw 18 months and 24 months ago. But with continued demand on sulfur or continued increasing demand for phosphates we’re going to see continued increasing demand in sulfur. And I think that’s going to remain relatively tight. China is running at pretty high rates. They’re a big draw on world sulfur use. We see on the other hand we get the tar sands in Canada. If you get a little mid term and longer term tar sands in Canada get going again with these high oil prices and I think they will, we’ll start seeing increased sulfur production. So some dislocations perhaps over the next 12 and 18 months but beyond that, low diesel emission standards that are coming in, we see sulfur supplies rebounding and meeting the needs of the phosphate producers.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from the line of David Silver with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
David Silver: Okay. Thanks. Jim, I apologize if I missed the detail on this but I was hoping you could discuss a little bit further about the reversion of the 25% interest in Esterhazy. And in particular, I know that’s gone into Saskatchewan court I believe. But has there been a formal agreement between yourselves and the Potash Corp that kind of led you to estimate a mid calendar year 2011 date for the reversion? And then from a marketing side should we assume that once that reversion takes place your Canpotex allocation will change as well? In other words, will some marketing rights come along with the capacity at the same time? Thanks.
Jim Prokopanko: Okay David. Two questions there - first is in regards to the agreement. Well, we’re in Saskatchewan courts because we don’t have an agreement. So our estimate of what is left owing to the toiling party is going to take us into some time in the summer. And we will in that case be complete with what in our view is owed under the terms of the contract. The other party interprets the contract differently and what it comes down to is amongst other things what the extraction rate over history has been, what the available reserves were for mining. And so there are a number of technical matters that are in dispute and it’s just as simple as that. You get two geologists in a room and you’re hardly going to have an agreement and so that’s where we’re at. It’s just simply a matter of interpretation of the legal agreement and what some of the mining practices and our view is that it ends in mid-2011. They have a different outlook. And we’ll get this resolved in due course. As far as the Canpotex, our interpretation is that when that mining capacity reverts back to its owner Mosaic, that those marketing rights should come with that. And that’s simply our position on it David.
Operator: And that’s all the time that we have today for any questions. I would now like to hand the call back over to Mr. Jim Prokopanko for any closing remarks.
Jim Prokopanko: Well, thank you. And with that, we’ll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will inevitably expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balance portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Please log off the call now.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-10-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist - Director of IR Jim Prokopanko - President and CEO Larry Stranghoener - EVP and CFO Mike Rahm - VP, Market and Strategic Analysis Rick McLellan - SVP, Commercial Rich Mack - EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Anthony Pettinari - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Jacob Bout - CIBC Don Carson - Susquehanna David Silver - Bank of America Mark Connelly - CLSA Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher Company Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital Charles Neivert - Dahlman Rose Horst Hueniken - Stifel Nicolaus Hari Sambasivan - National Bank
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company's fiscal 2011 first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company.
Christine Battist: Thank you, Veronica. Welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2011 first quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market and Strategic Analysis; and other members of the senior leadership team. After my introductory comments, Jim will review our first quarter results, comment on execution against our strategic priorities and update financial guidance. Then he'll provide an update on South Fort Meade. Following Jim's remarks, Mike will provide an in-depth review of supply and demand for the phosphate and potash markets. The presentation slides we are using during this call are available on our website at www.mosaicco.com. We will be making forward-looking statements during the conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, October 5, 2010, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. I have just one housekeeping item to share with you. We plan to file our 10-Q with the SEC on October 12. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Jim Prokopanko: Thank you, Christine, and good morning everyone on what is a beautiful harvest morning in Minnesota. It is a great time to be the largest combined phosphate and potash producer in the world. As I said on our last call in late July, market sentiment was beginning to catch up with fundamentals. That has now happened. Several factors have tightened agricultural commodity markets, bolstering crop prices and farm profitability. This is driving strong demand for crop nutrients at a time when producer inventories are low and concerns are growing about crop nutrient supplies, creating a positive outlook for Mosaic. The steady drumbeat on the food story continues. Now, let's shift to our quarterly results. We are executing against our strategic plans and delivering results. Earnings per share was $0.67 in the quarter, nearly triple the amount last year. We generated $556 million in cash flow from operations this quarter, primarily due to an increase in net earnings and customer prepayments. These prepayments are an indicator of the strong demand for our products. Our phosphates business segment generated $178 million in operating earnings, nearly a four-fold increase over a year ago. The improvement in the first quarter operating earnings was primarily due to higher selling prices, partially offset by higher sulfur and ammonia cost and the unfavorable impact of reduced rock production at South Fort Meade. The segment gross margin was respectable at 15%, driven by strong sales volume into North America and Brazil. We operated near full out at our concentrate plants, while our mining production was impacted by close to $30 million this quarter due to idling South Fort Meade, which I'll speak more about in a few minutes. Potash sales volumes this quarter were double compared to last year and 200,000 tons above the high end of our guidance. Potash operating earnings were $218 million this quarter, double the year-ago performance. Key driver in the results compared to a year-ago were increased sales volumes and improved cost leverage due to higher production levels. We expect our second quarter operating rate to improve as we come out of the seasonal turnarounds. Now, I'd like to highlight a couple of matters related to execution of or strategic priorities. During July, we invested $385 million in the Miski Mayo phosphate rock mine in Peru. Shipments have started and we're beginning to use this rock in our operations. Miski Mayo advances are strategic priority to secure additional phosphate rock and reinforces our commitment to remain the largest integrated phosphate producer in the world. Last week, we closed the sale of our minority stake in Fosfertil for the gross proceeds of approximately $1 billion. We viewed Fosfertil as a non-strategic investment and we took advantage of an opportunity to sell and at an attractive valuation. This sale does not affect our distribution assets which continue to give us a large footprint in Brazil. We have a rock solid balance sheet with cash on hand it provides us great flexibility. There has been no change to our cash allocation priorities that I outlined on last quarter's call. Certain steps we've taken to increase the value of our phosphate business are paying off. We are realizing the benefits of aligning our worldwide distribution and North American phosphate production assets. In addition, we have optimized phosphate finished product production rates as a result of the PhosChem's contract with our customers in India. Key provisions of the contract include large base load tonnage and shipping flexibility. We have also had great traction with some innovative new phosphate products that are differentiating us from our peers. Sales of MicroEssentials, a premium product that includes sulfur and critical micronutrients, are on pace to exceed 1 million tons this fiscal year, more than double from two years ago. These products deliver significant value to the farmer, to our dealer customers and to Mosaic. We also continue to execute our flagship growth strategy, namely the expanding our potash operations in lockstep with expected growth in global demand. This quarter we invested $295 million in capital expenditures primarily related to these expansions. One of the largest and most strategic projects is the sinking of a new shaft at our Esterhazy mine. Esterhazy is the world's largest potash mine, and this new shaft will allow us to more efficiently mine our vast reserves while utilizing existing above ground billing capacity. Now let me shift to financial guidance as some are on Slide 9. Demand continues to strengthen and market segment sentiment has improved due to the rally in grain prices, lean producer inventories and the need to refill a de-stock pipeline. Being a producer of both phosphate and potash positions us well in the market. For our second quarter we estimate total phosphate sales volumes of 3.3 million tons to 3.6 million tons and an average DAP selling price of $430 to $460 per ton. Our typical forward selling light means that our average selling price reflects market prices two months to three months prior to delivery of product to our customers. There is also impact due to PhosChem's annual contract to Indian customer which was at a fixed price. Recent upward movements in spot DAP pricing will favorable impact our third quarter netbacks. Just a reminder that our second quarter is high season for Latin America, therefore the mixable ends will be closer to 50% of our total segment volumes. We expect to run our North American phosphate plants at 85% to 90% of capacity in our second quarter. As for raw material trends, types of sulfur supply against the backdrop of strong demand create a highly competitive environment. We are still in process of negotiating calendar Q4 sulfur contracts and expect that prices will increase to a level close to current spot values. With the price ammonia in October settled at $465 per ton and we expect ammonia prices will remain at high levels during the next (technical difficulty). Note, that there is a lag in raw material cost impacting our operations. Now shifting to potash. For the second quarter of fiscal 2011, we estimate total potash sales volumes of 1.6 million tons to 1.9 million tons at average MOP selling price of $310 per ton to $340 per ton. MOP market pricing and volume continues to grow. The recent upward momentum in potash prices will begin to be realized in our fiscal third quarter results. Our potash operating rate for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of 80% to 85% of capacity further leveraging our cost structure. There are no changes to our annual guidance on Canadian resource taxes and royalties, CapEx or SG&A that we previously provided and as shown on this slide. We revise our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011. We now expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011 to be in the mid to upper 20% range excluding items related to the Fosfertil sale. Now I'll provide a brief update on developments at South Fort Meade. Since early August we have filed motions of limited stay in the Federal District Court in Jacksonville and in the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta. A favorable ruling on either of these motions would allow Mosaic to put our South Fort Meade team members back to work by mining approximately 200 acres, including about nine acres of associated wetlands that had already been cleared prior to the issuance of the preliminary injunction. There would no additional wetlands impact from the limited stay and this would allow Mosaic to mine in Hardee County for approximately four months to six months while the 11th Circuit considers our appeal of the preliminary injunction. This is reasonable and sensible, particularly in today's employment environment. We hope to receive rulings on our motions for limited stay very soon. In addition, since we last spoke to you the 11th Circuit Court has agreed to expedite our appeal of the preliminary injunctions. We have accelerated our briefing of the appeal and all of Mosaic's briefs are not before the 11th Circuit. We hope to complete our oral arguments by the end of this calendar and to receive a ruling on an expedited basis thereafter. Our perspective on the merits of the case has not changed. We believe that it was not consistent with applicable law and continue to believe that South Fort Meade is the most Comprehensive permit ever issued in the Florida phosphate mining industry. As for our operations, we are working diligently to mitigate the near term impact on our finished goods production by using existing phosphate rock inventories. Purchasing rock from third parties where reasonable including our Miski Mayo investment in Peru, maximizing production of other phosphate mines and drawn down finished goods inventories. Drawn down inventories is not a long term solution. And our effort to bring resolution to our South Fort Meade permit remains one of our highest priorities. In a prior call, we provided you an estimate of the worst case impact of a loss of up to 1 million tons of finished phosphate sales volume in fiscal 2011. Assuming successful execution of the mitigation efforts I just outlined, we believe there will be no material impact to finished products sales in fiscal 2011; however, our margins will be negatively impacted by using purchased phosphate rock. In short, we are in a fluid situation and we will update the market with material developments. I want to emphasize our commitment to obtain the requisite permits to mine or valuable phosphate reserves in Florida, not just as it relates to South Ford Meade, but for our 30-plus years of reserves which we fully expect to mine in the years ahead. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dr. Mike Rahm who is joining us from Brazil to share his insights on the market outlook.
Mike Rahm: Thank you, gentlemen, and good morning or bom dia as they say in Portuguese. I am gladly going to talk about the market outlook this morning, because with all the merger and acquisition saga currently playing out in the industry, that story has overshadowed the great fundamental developments that have occurred in the past few months. Despite the sell-off in grain market last week, rallies in a broad array of agricultural commodity prices during the last few months are fueling an increasingly positive outlook for phosphate and potash demand. Large increases in shipment so far this year have taken P and K markets. Producer stocks have declined. Phosphate prices have increased sharply. And potash prices have begun to move up. Given the positive demand outlook, we project that P and K markets will remain tight until new capacity comes on later this decade. Let's start by reviewing developments in agricultural commodity markets during the last few months. Several rallies were sparked by two reports released by the USDA on June 30. The reports show that U.S. farmers planted less corn than expected last spring and that corn inventories were smaller than expected on June 1. Then several severe weather developments, particularly the terrible drought in Russia, combined to dump the equivalent of a tanker truck of gasoline on (the spark). The most recent supply issue and potentially the most potent in my view is the size of the U.S. corn crop coming off fields right now. Although farmers planted the crop early and condition scores tracked the high values associated with record yields last year, excessive rainfall and warm nighttime temperatures in many areas robbed yields from this year's crop. The USDA lowered its estimate to 162.5 bushels per acre in September and most analysts expect another downward adjustment in the October crop production report that will be released on Friday. Private estimates are significantly lower with many in the range from 158 to 159 bushels per acre. If yields are this low, stocks could drop to about 1.1 billion bushels at the end of the 2010-'11 crop year even with the higher beginning stocks that USDA released last week. We estimate that the corn market will need to bid for more than 90 million acres of corn next year in order to keep inventories at secure levels. This rally, however, extends beyond wheat, corn and soybeans. Several other commodity prices such as coco, coffee, cotton, palm oil, sugar have rallied to very high levels this summer, some to their highest levels in more than 10 years. These crops account for a significant amount of P and K use. For example, cotton and sugar together account for about 8% and 11% of global phosphate and potash use, respectively. The broad-based rally in agricultural commodity prices translates into profitable farm economics and record or near-record farm income around the world. This slide shows the number of bushels of corn that an Iowa farmer would have to sell in order to pay for crop nutrients. It indicates that the cost of crop nutrients relative to grain prices is well within historic norms. Recently, the USDA updated their farm income forecast for 2010. Higher grain and livestock prices have led to upward revisions of cash receipts. Net cash farm income is projected to rebound 23% to more than $85 billion in 2010, the third highest on record. In China and India, farm profitability is at record or near-record levels due to very high local crop prices and in the case of India subsidized input cost. High soybean and sugar prices produce very attractive farm returns in Brazil today. The increasingly positive outlook for crop nutrient demand coupled with the need to restock both the global distribution pipeline as well as many farm fields underpin our large projected increases in phosphate and potash shipments in 2010 and 2011. We've recently revised upward our estimates of global shipments for both nutrients based on these developments. In the case of phosphate, global shipments of finished phosphate products are projected to surge to a record shattering high this year and increase further in 2011. We project that global phosphate shipments will climb to 56 million tons to 57 million tons in calendar year 2010, up from the previous high of 52 million in 2009. Shipments are forecast to increase to 57 million tons to 59 million tons in 2011. As this slide shows, key growth regions include India and Brazil where Mosaic is strategically positioned to serve both of these important markets. In the case of potash, Global myriad of potash shipments are projected to rebound shortly this year and then take another giant step up in 2011. We have increased our estimate for 2010 Global potash shipments of 48 million tons to 49 million tons due to the strong summer rally in agriculture commodity prices. We forecast that shipments will increase further to 52 million tons to 55 million tons in 2011. Although this is a broad-based recovery, this slide shows that Brazil, China and India are projected to register strong gains again in 2011. Now let's talk about supply. In the case of phosphate several uncertainties overhang the global market in the near term. The first is a start of the much anticipated modern facility in Saudi Arabia. The market today is trying to figure out exactly how much this facility will produce in 2011 and 2012. The second is how the market will make up for the loss of one-half to three quarters of million tons of production when phosphate operations cease at the Agrifos facility in the United States. The third uncertainty is the availability and cost of purchased raw materials, particularly Sulfur. U.S. phosphate producers likely will continue to scramble in order to find enough sulfur to keep plants operating at consistently higher rates during the next several months. The fourth uncertainty is export supply from China. Chinese producers exported record shattering volumes of DAP and MAP in July and August to meet the recent surge in global demand. But record exports have once again left their domestic market short of product. Government officials are increasingly concerned about the availability of phosphate products for domestic farmers and are closely monitoring the situation. We believe officials will take whatever measures are necessary including more restrictive export policies to ensure adequate supplies of competitively priced phosphate for domestic farmers. The final supply uncertainty obviously is how long Mosaic South Fort Meade mine will remain idle. Now let's shift to potash. The market requires additional potash capacity and there is a long list of expansion projects on the horizon including our own Brownfield projects in Canada. Potash demand is forecast to grow 3.5% to 4% per year from current levels during this decade. We estimate the long slate of mostly Brownfield projects representing approximate 25 million tons of additional production is sufficient to meet projected demand if all these projects come online as planned. In summary from the fundamentals for both phosphate and potash look increasingly strong driven by the rallies in agricultural commodity prices. The positive demand outlook is expected to keep phosphate and potash markets tight until new capacity comes on line. Now backup north to you, Jim.
Jim Prokopanko: To wrap up, this was a strong quarter that again reinforced the advantages of having the strategy focused on a balanced nutrient portfolio. The demand for both phosphates and potash continues to expand globally, placing Mosaic in a unique position to capitalize in markets worldwide. We're excavating well against our long-term strategy to create shareholder value. And for fulfilling our mission of helping world grow the food it needs. We are excited and optimistic about prospects for the 2011 fiscal year. Now back to you Christine.
Christine Battist: We would now like to open the call to your questions. Please hold your questions to one per person, so we can take questions from as many people as possible. You are welcome to rejoin the queue for a follow-up question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar from Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citi: This is Anthony Pettinary for PJ. With reference to the South Fort Meade mine you've referenced your mitigation plan of using purchase phosphate rock, and how that could potentially impact margins? Do you anticipate any additional CapEx to be required in order to potentially pursue this mitigation plan?
Jim Prokopanko: No, we are not expecting anything material. We may have to do a bit of onsite work to allow imports or receipt of phosphate rock into our ports. But nothing that we have to call out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Can you just give us an update of where inventory levels are through the channel from a P and K perspective? I know in the past calls we've been talking about basically bins being bare, but as went through sort of December fill season and prices started to go up as we entered the fall. What your customers telling you they want to be when fall's over?
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, I am going to turn this over to Rick McLellan, leader of our Commercial group who is just back from a spin through the mid west visiting customers and dealers.
Rick McLellan: I think one, customers still haven't positioned 100% of what they were going to require in North America for the fall season. They've got about 80% of the P and K they would require in place. Everyone still has the same battle [cribe]. They want to end the season with this little inventory as possible like they did in the spring. The issue is, is there is some damages being caused by that, because buyers for P and K in North America waited 75 to 60 days ago to purchase. And as we traveled, we found everyone was waiting for potash shipments or phosphate shipments. So they've got to the back of the bin and there is some impact. The good part is this is a fall season. It will be able to drag out for the next 45 to 60 days. But people are living with some of the issues of just-in-time inventory.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas from JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan: It's a two-part question. Have you already negotiated the rock prices for the additional rock that you will need in second half of your fiscal year? And are all those prices roughly $120 to $130 per ton FOB from wherever they are being shipped, and this is x the (inaudible) mile? And second, what are your original costs for your Fosfertil to your investment? What's the tax basis for that?
Jim Prokopanko: I'll take the first question and Larry Stranghoener will take the second one. The first one is an easy question. The answer is yes, we do have rock contract with core and the cost is going to be in that $100 to $120 a ton higher price range than what it currently cost us to deliver it from our Florida operations. So that's the delivered increase I am talking about $100 to $120.
Larry Stranghoener:
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort from Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: Give us an update on the litigation around the Esterhazy issue? And then secondly, Jim, can you talk a little bit more about what you mean when you say that the Indian DAP contract provides you flexibility on shipping?
Rich Mack: The only update I would have for you is the court has set a trial day which is now scheduled for September of 2011. And we are currently shipping the PCS. And based off of our current mining plans and current calculations, we believe that the expiration of the tolling agreement will occur in June of 2011 with one important point that I would make to that. That assumes that we are delivering 900,000 tones of potash product that is in dispute currently under the litigation as it relates to a force majeure declaration made by PCS during calendar 2009.
Jim Prokopanko: Robert, to your second question about the flexibility we have with the Indian contract, that was a fixed price contract of 2 million tones we negotiated. And rather than have a fixed volume set per month we've agreed to work with one another to what is convenient for our respective sides to receive the product. So it's worked extremely well that when we have a product that we'd like to move and make some space in our inventory, they have been willing to take it and they have had some port congestion. And we've been able to work at moving that product and keeping it in North America for a period of time. So it's just best efforts on both sides to make that work. And it's worked well, served us well and served them well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout from CIBC.
Jacob Bout - CIBC: First, what are your thoughts on the future of Canpotex if BHP is successful in the bid for PCS? And would Mosaic look at playing more of a role of swing producer if PCS is taken out? And then my second question would be just on the new shaft at Esterhazy, what will be the hoisting capacity for the new shaft?
Jim Prokopanko: A couple of questions you have there. And the first on Canpotex, this is an organization that's been established and proven itself over 38 years. And when I say proven itself, it's developed a brand and a reputation for being a organization that delivers quality products. And is an organization whose word is its bond. It does and delivers what it says it's going to do. And third I'd say there're strong relationships in the business. Many of our customers have been lifetime careers in the crop nutrient business, as many of the Canpotex people are. So it's really been a strong relationship established between customers and that organization. As well it's remarkably efficient organization to move vast volumes of product from the center of Canada to destinations around the world. I think you can take from that and I'm a big fan of Canpotex. They've done a wonderful job and they serve Mosaic very well. What BHP is going to do, I don't know. Various comments are being printed in the press and I guess time will tell. But when you get to know us, you'll get to love us. And I expect that BHP prevails, and who knows that they will or not. They're reasonable business people, and I expect they'd give it a change. But I think it's a ways to go yet to see if they're going to get to that point. And your second question was about Esterhazy shaft and the capacity, and that's going to be a 7 million ton lifting capacity that will be available through that. And I think that answers. Is that clear Jacob?
Rich Mack: If I could just qualify that, Jim, that would bring Esterhazy to a total of 7 million tons. The shaft expansion itself would add an incremental 900,000 to 1 million ton of capacity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Susquehanna.
Don Carson - Susquehanna: A few questions on forward pricing in P and K. You know we've seen some very high nitrogen ammonia prices particularly in Midwest for forward delivery next spring. May be Rick McLellan can just talk a bit about what the forward order book for P and K looks like. And also specifically on phosphate, does PhosChem have any optional tonnage with India? And if so, would you choose to still ship it at $500 CFR? And then no one has asked you about your potash guidance, but three-ten at the low end would be a sequential decline from the most recent quarters. Wondering is that a mix issue or why that low end of the range?
Gary Davis: Your question on phosphate into forward selling, we've been offering up tons for shipment into December at around that 520 Central Florida price. And some spot tonnage at 570 for export phosphates. So prices are strong and we've been positively impressed by the willingness of buyers to step up to buy into those marketplaces. They expect their bins will be empty once we get through this fall. But they're willing to step in and see that price matches up with the farm margins. Second part of the question was on PhosChem, flexibility for us to ship extra? Yes, there is. And we have agreements with our Indian customers, as you know the subsidy will change the subsidy scheme and the prices supported there will change in March. And so we've agreed that we won't, neither one of us will execute against those options. For potash guidance, yes, there's two things that are going on with potash. One, is we're shipping against legacy contracts into India and into China. And those because of the product mix are drawing down the netbacks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Silver with Bank of America.
David Silver - Bank of America: Two questions on cost. On the potash side I was hoping Larry could update us on the brine inflow cost for this quarter and whether there was anything unusual. And then as far as South Fort Meade goes, I estimated that the fixed cost absorption effect this quarter was in the range of $40 million to $50 million. And I was just wondering if you could comment on that broadly, I don't need an exact number, but if that effect is roughly correct?
Larry Stranghoener: With respect to the brine inflow question, the brine inflow cost were $37 million in the quarter, up from $25 million the quarter before that, and don't read anything into that number that's going to vary a bit from quarter-to-quarter. We still expect to spend $120 million to $130 million this year in mitigating the brine inflow. But it was up a bit sequentially. With respect to Phosphate cost, your number is not a bad one. Jim mentioned the $30 million expense hit at South Fort Meade that essentially is the effect of South Fort Meade becoming an idle plant and its cost running straight to the P&L has opposed to inventory. In addition to that because of lower rock production at our other mines as well there were other fixed cost absorption issues that totaled up to about $50 million including $30 million for South Fort Meade. So, again your estimates are a pretty good one.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from CLSA.
Mark Connelly - CLSA: The conference of board report yesterday, Canada suggested that may be Canada should change the way they provide incentives for new capacity. And I am curious if you could comment on your position and perspective on whether that would be of beneficial thing for the potash industry. And secondly I was in China last week and nearly every body I talked to said that if the price of potash goes over 350 demand will not grow this year. That doesn't seem to square with record profitability. But I wonder if you could comment on what you are hearing in terms of price sensitively in China?
Jim Prokopanko: Two questions, the first about taxes. I saw that report and read it with interest. And how the taxes may or may not change I just think it's premature to talk about that. The concern I have on the tax piece is that however the Saskatchewan government chooses to tax potash, they're going to have to just be mindful of where that moves potash production along the cost curve. At present it's a very flat cost curve amongst all producers. There is a tail and a nose of 10% on either side that are sort of in extremes, but small, small volumes. And in between you have this group of producers that there isn't a lot of differentiation between what the cost is and you add taxes on that. Saskatchewan is already a higher taxed geography to be producing potash. So, they are mindful of it, we remind them of that. And if they add or increase the taxes, they will push Saskatchewan producers to the right of the cost curve and have the impact on the profitability of the industry, et cetera, et cetera. So time will tell on that. In terms of the China question about profitability, we've seen the profitability to the farmer if potash prices go up. We've had, I think now three consecutive years of reduced potash application rates in China. And over that period of time, we've seen China grow the amount of grains and oilseeds that they're importing into the country. So the potash will go to the highest bidders. And if there are other countries that will be willing to pay for the potash and demand the potash then I think China will continue on that escalator up or they continue to import grains and oilseeds that others are growing. It's an issue that the Chinese have to deal with. And by the way manage food prices in country and allow prices to increase so that the farmers in China can have a greater incentive to produce more crops.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez from Gleacher Company.
Edlain Rodriguez - Gleacher Company: Can you talk about potash prices? I mean it appears that Canpotex has successfully implemented the fix dollar price increase in Brazil. Can you comment about price in there?
Rick McLellan: Canpotex continues to sell into Brazil and the announcement last week that they had oat is that they're sequentially increasing prices from where they're at today up to four ten for product ordered and shipped into January. So those netbacks are going to increase sequentially over the next few months. But it's a very positive side. And right now you're getting ready for the planting season in Brazil. And the inventory is needed there and buyers are stepping in to buy at these sequentially higher prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley from Soleil Securities.
Mark Gulley - Soleil Securities: My question has to do with relative pricing amongst the three nutrients. It's just really interesting to see how much nitrogen prices are up, how much DAP prices are up, how much grain prices are up? And yet the potash prices have been flat now for some time and it isn't building up all that much. I know it all relates to inventories, but at a high level, Jim, can you talk about why potash has lagged so much when it is just supposed to be the best nutrient when it comes to like a Michael Porter five factor analysis?
Jim Prokopanko: I've said this before. There are a number of nutrients that are important to growing a crop. Two of them are our children, we love them both equally. And what is necessary is a balanced crop nutrient regiment for any farmer anywhere in the world. And to single out one nutrient as the silver bullet to success is just not good science or good agronomics. And it depends on what the field conditions are, different geographies, it's different. And in the case of potash and phosphate, farmers can take holidays and defer paying for those nutrients or using those nutrients. But you can only defer, you can't completely avoid and it does catch up with you. And I think there is history and psychology that goes into it. We've got probably 30 years of history where potash is sold for probably all but 24 months of that period under $200 per ton. And producers are used to paying $150 per ton or $200 per ton for potash. And what do you mean it's $300 or $400 or $500, they're just not comfortable with that notion. Whereas there is a greater understanding that in the case of nitrogen that is driven by gas prices and world S&B on gas and energy products. And phosphates as well, we've seen more volatility and people are used to it by way of the raw materials that go into it. The sulfur and ammonia that could move it around. But potash is just something that I advise dealers and farmers get used to the cost that we are in a period of higher highs and higher lows, it'll remain cyclical. But the cost of producing this stuff, although there is not much in the way of raw materials, replacing the mining equipment, the mill has gotten considerably more expensive. So this past season we've seen phosphate prices I think take the medicine earlier in terms of adjusting. And producers are back to buying. And I think this will also occur in potash, taking a little longer, but its coming.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Elaine Yip from Credit Suisse
Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse: Can you comment on the Chinese potash negotiations for next year? I understand that you started or Canpotex started talking with the Chinese at the TFI conference. What is the anticipated timing of the contract settlement? And do you expect to go back to annual contracts or are you working towards shorter duration contracts like you did this year?
Jim Prokopanko: Dealing with the Chinese, we're always talking to the Chinese and we're always negotiating with the Chinese, speaking for Canpotex. And so we've been ongoing discussions over the year. My judgment that we are nearing an agreement with the Chinese and going into the detail is going to be a year or less. We're asking for a less than a year and their buying behavior over the last couple of years have been in line with that. They have ended up settling on less than four-year contracts, and that's the way it's become. So we're going to probably look to achieve something like that. But I think we'll by the end of this calendar year have something in place and announce. That's all I can say on it, Edlain.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee from RBC Capital Markets.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets: I just want to may be ask Mike Rahm a question. Mike, with respect to your outlook for perhaps lower corn yields in the U.S. and we've also seen the impact of weather having a negative impact on crop yields in other areas, have buyers made any connection between perhaps the notion that maybe having a better nutrient balance would have helped farmers with respect to yield in withstanding the negative weather impacts that we've seen this year?
Mike Rahm: I'd say no. That's a great question and one that is not an easy one to answer. Obviously, there have been a lot of weather events that have impacted yields, but you have to think that the lack of proper nutrition may have played a role. I think as we get details on what yields actually are, people will begin to sort that out. But you have to think that nutrition comes into play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Farooq Hamed from Barclays Capital.
Farooq Hamed - Barclays Capital: I just want to maybe follow up on South Fort Meade. My first question really on that is are you proceeding with an EIS kind of in the background while you are waiting for the appeal to be ruled upon and preparing for trial? So that's my first question. And then the second question is that I believe in your prepared comments you said that you think there will be no impact to your finished phosphate production this year. So to me that means that you're going to be using a lot more third-party rock and Miski Mayo rock. I was just wondering if you could let us know how much of that rock you're expecting to take from Miski Mayo this year and what the rock costs are there?
Rich Mack: Farooq, this is Rich Mack. With respect to the area-wide EIS, I think what we would say with respect to that is that it's in its infancy stages right now. I don't think that the Army Corps of Engineers has a specific game plan with respect to how they want to approach an area-wide EIS. In fact, there are meetings ongoing tomorrow and Thursday in Florida, which is essentially an informational workshop where they are going to learn more about various interests with respect to an area-wide EIS. From our perspective, we have future permits, but we have a fairly long lead time before we meet those permits, and we will be actively engaged with the Army Corps of Engineers with respect to the scope of the area-wide EIS and obviously the timing as it relates to any future needs that we might have. So I guess in sum, a lot is yet to be determined in terms of how that proceeds. With respect to the use of phosphate rock in terms of meeting our production needs for the fourth quarter, it's a combination, as I think Jim outlined. We're using up obviously our existing phosphate rock inventories. We are importing some rock from Morocco. We are just beginning the Miski Mayo imports from Peru which we're happy to begin. And finally, we're using down our finished phosphate fertilizer inventories that we currently have available. It's too early to give any information out in terms of cost as it relates to Miski Mayo, but I think it's safe to say that the cost is going to be purchased from the joint venture at arm's length and we would benefit through our equity investment that we've made and closed upon this last quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Neivert from Dahlman Rose.
Charles Neivert - Dahlman Rose: If I look at the midpoints of your numbers for Brazil, for China, for India and then sort of the midpoint of your range for next year at the $52 million to $55 million, that indicates an increase in 5 million tons, but the pieces that you've given for the biggest players comes out to 3 million tons. Can you tell me where are the other 2 million tons of demand might be coming from? I'm assuming that the U.S. and the European Union are generally not going to see much of an increase because they generally apply pretty much what they need. So could you tell us sort of just where the other couple of million tons is going to come from?
Mike Rahm: We are seeing significant rebounds in places like Western Europe and we expect more shipments in the U.S. as well. So part of that increase is the continued recovery in those two areas. In addition to that, there's very good demand outlooks in other parts of the world, whether it's the other Southeast Asian markets, other Latin American countries and the like. So it's very much broad-based led by the big customers, but contributions coming from all parts of the world.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Horst Hueniken from Stifel Nicolaus.
Horst Hueniken - Stifel Nicolaus: You mentioned the cost to idle the South Fort Meade mine is approximately $30 million. Was this booked in the first quarter or will it be booked in the second or a combination of both?
Larry Stranghoener: The $30 million number was the first quarter number. The number in subsequent quarters will be lower on the order of $20 million or so per quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Hari Sambasivan from National Bank.
Hari Sambasivan - National Bank: Just a clarification please on the sequential margins for potash. I mean the gross margins declined from give or take around the 50% mark to the 40% mark in the quarter. And I'm just wondering is that primarily due to, I would say, a lower production and the brine issue or are there other issues sort of affecting that margin. And the second question I had is, in terms of Esterhazy with the capital expenditure programs that you have, I'm just wondering how much of your brine inflow cost could be effected by the capital expenditures when you look at it over the longer term. I'm just kind of wondering is there a reduction in sort of a brine inflow cost that you're anticipating once you sort of get over this CapEx program?
Larry Stranghoener: The answer to your first question, potash margins were down sequentially, you're right, because of significantly lower production volume in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter. It was not unexpected. We signaled it in our fourth quarter conference call. And it relates to the summer shutdowns and turnarounds we schedule in our potash mines during our first quarter. And to your second question about the impact of the expansion at Esterhazy and how that would affect our brine inflow, it's a project separate from the current mine workings. So no, it won't have any direct impact on the brine inflow. However, sinking a second shaft will be separate from and will have a good distance from the current mine working. So heaven forbid if there's ever a catastrophic failure, which we don't foresee happening, we will have a facility that will continue uninterrupted. We'll have the new mine shaft separate from the current workings using the existing infrastructure and mill works above ground. Well, with that, we'll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will inevitably expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thank you for joining us today. Please log off the call now. Thank you.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-07-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist – Director, Investor Relations Larry Stranghoener – EVP and CFO Rich Mack – EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Jim Prokopanko – President and CEO Mike Rahm – VP, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning Rick McLellan – SVP, Commercial Operations Joc O’Rourke – EVP, Operations
Analysts: Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley David Silver – Bank of America Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan P. J. Juvekar – Citi Jacob Bout – CIBC Edlain Rodriguez – Gleacher & Company Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs Elaine Yip – Credit Suisse David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose Michael Picken – Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s fiscal 2010 fourth quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in listen-only mode. The floor will be opened for questions following today’s presentation. Your host for today’s call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Please proceed Christine.
Christine Battist: Thank you, Chanel. Welcome to Mosaic’s fiscal 2010 fourth quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Mack, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; and other members of the senior leadership team. After my introductory remarks, Larry will review our fourth quarter results and provide some comments on the outlook and financial guidance for fiscal 2011. Following Larry’s remarks, Rich will provide an provide on the hearing yesterday related to the South Ford Meade permit, and Jim will wrap up with a recap of our strategic priorities, key accomplishments this past year and what lies ahead. The presentation slides we are using during the call are available on our website. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, July 23rd, 2010 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now I’ll turn the call over to Larry.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Christine, and good morning, everyone. Fiscal 2010 was a transitional year in the agricultural markets and for us. Demand for our products began to rebound during the second half of the year and we finished on a strong note as we expected. Our financial results consistently improved each quarter this fiscal year. And, for the year, we earned $1.85 per share and generated $1.4 billion in operating cash flow. Our fourth quarter results improved both sequentially and compared to year-ago results. Earnings per share were $0.89, nearly tripled the amount last year. Sequentially, our results improved due to firming debt selling prices and improved operating leverage in the potash segment, partially offset by lower potash sales volumes. We generated $532 million in cash flow from operations this quarter, primarily due to the increase in net earnings, up from $306 million a year-ago. During the quarter, our phosphates business segment generated $221 million in operating earnings, fourfold the results in the third quarter. Sales volumes were slightly below the low end of our guidance range. However, solid operating performance, higher selling prices and a favorable product mix contributed to a 26% gross margin rate this quarter, an improvement of 15 percentage points from a quarter ago. Fourth quarter potash sales volumes were up strongly compared to last year, but slightly below the low end of our guidance range. Potash operating earnings of $347 million were above the third quarter and substantially ahead of year-ago results. The gross margin rate improved sequentially 6 percentage points to 54%. The key driver in our performance was improved cost leverage due to increased production as well as lower brine inflow expenses. Now, turning to our outlook and financial guidance for fiscal 2011, please refer to slide seven. We see strong demand for phosphates, lean inventories and improving grain and oil seed prices and fundamentals underscore our positive outlook. Global phosphate shipments are projected to climb to 54 million to 56 million tons in calendar 2010 and to 55 million to 57 million tons in calendar 2011. Key growth regions for phosphates include India, Brazil, and Argentina. For our first quarter, we estimate total phosphate sales volumes of 2.8 million to 3.2 million tons and an average DAP selling price of $410 to $440 per ton. We expect to run our North American phosphate operations at 85% to 90% of capacity. As for raw material trends, we expect that the price of sulfur will decline in the third calendar quarter to a level in line with current international spot values. The price of ammonia in July settled at $355 per ton and we expect ammonia prices will exhibit less volatility during this fiscal year. Remember that current raw material costs typically flow through our P&L with a two to three-month leg. This means that in our first fiscal quarter, we will be selling product manufactured at raw material costs higher than current market pricing. This coupled with an anticipated higher percentage of blend projects in our first quarter sales mix suggest a decline in our first quarter phosphate gross margin rate compared to the fourth quarter level. Now shifting to potash, we expect a two-step recovery in global potash shipments. We estimate, shipments will climb to 46 million to 48 million tons in calendar 2010 and increase further to 52 million to 54 million tons in 2011, with imports by Brazil, China, India, and other Asian regions expected to drive this increase. North American producer inventory levels have declined sharply during the last six months and are expected to remain at more normal levels throughout the fiscal year. For the first quarter of fiscal 2011, we estimate total potash sales volumes of 1.2 million to 1.5 million tons and an average MOP selling price of $300 to $330 per ton. With potash demand currently showing improvement, we expect stronger North American demand in our second quarter. Our potash operating rate for the first quarter is expected to be in the range of 60% to 65% of capacity, down from the mid-70s in our fourth quarter due to planned seasonal turnarounds. This will negatively affect first quarter margin rates. For the year, Canadian resource taxes and royalties are estimated to range between $150 million to $200 million. Finally, we expect full-year SG&A expenses in the range of $360 million to $380 million and our effective tax rate for fiscal 2011 to be approximately 30% excluding tax items related to the Fosfertil sale. We continued to invest in our business through growth, opportunity and sustaining capital projects. We expect capital spending for fiscal 2011 to be in a $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion range, including $450 million to $500 million of sustaining capital. This range does not include the $385 million investment in the Miski Mayo or Bayovar mine which has accounted for as an equity investment. We do not expect meaningful earnings impact from Miski Mayo in fiscal 2011 as the mine starts up. As you can see on this slide, we continue to enhance our growth prospects through our potash brownfield expansion program. We have also identified opportunity projects that will improve production processes and increased energy efficiency. As we head into fiscal 2011, we maintain our focus on generating cash and creating long-term value through sound capital allocation decisions as outlined on slide nine. Our cash allocation priorities have not changed. First, we will maintain a prudent liquidity buffer. Next, we will use excess cash to invest in our core businesses and fund a strategic growth opportunities. Finally, cash will be used for distributions to shareholders through our annual regular dividend and potentially through additional distributions like the special dividend we paid last December. Our cash position will be further bolstered with the net proceeds of about $900 million from the Fosfertil sale once closed later this calendar year. In order to provide more clarity about our realigned phosphate segment, slide 10 includes a summary of the key components of this segment’s cost of goods sold for the past four fiscal years. As you can see, there is about $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion of annual mining, production, and depreciation costs that remain relatively constant year-to-year, essentially regardless of production or sales volumes. It would be reasonable to ratably spread these costs over a fiscal year in your earnings models. In addition, blends and other volumes for the past three fiscal years have averaged about 30% of total annual segment volumes. This benchmark can be used going forward, though amounts may vary from quarter-to-quarter. Finally, not the blends and other sales have achieved an 8% gross margin rate for the past two fiscal years, though here again this rate can vary widely from quarter-to-quarter. We hope this added color will help you in your analysis of the phosphate segment. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Rich, our General Counsel, who oversees Mosaic’s permitting efforts. Rich has been actively involved in the South Ford Meade matter, who’ll provide an update on the hearing yesterday in Jacksonville.
Rich Mack: Thanks Larry. I appreciate the opportunity provide an update on yesterday’s hearing in Jacksonville on the South Ford Meade permit. We were pleased to have the opportunity to share more information with the court and we thought the legal arguments provided to Judge Adams, including the facts and science relating to the South Ford Meade permit were both significant and compelling. With a temporary restraining order expiring on July 28th, the Judge has invited us to submit additional information to the court on Monday and we anticipate a ruling on or before next Wednesday. Once his decision has been issue, we will timely communicate with the marketplace. Given this matter is in litigation, it would be inappropriate for us to discuss or attempt to answer questions on the substantive issues being considered by the court. However, given the significant interest in the South Ford Meade matter, we want to provide a few additional facts on the permit and the litigation. The substance of the underlying lawsuits filed against the Army Corps by the Sierra Club in two local nongovernmental organizations relate to mostly technical matters under certain Federal Laws, including MIPPA, The Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act. These sorts of claims by anti-mining interests are not new or unique. In fact, if you look at similar litigation in other mining sectors around the United States, you will see a common playbook. Yesterday’s hearing concerned the merits of a preliminary injunction which places a high bar on a party requesting such action and provides for substantial deference to the Federal agencies who actively reviewed and approved the permit. Let me assure you that the Army Corps of Engineers along with several county, state and other Federal agencies exhaustibly reviewed the permit applications over a seven-year period. In fact, the process included dozens of in-depth meetings with regulators, numerous request for additional information and resulted in an administrative record in excess of 100,000 pages and a final permit exceeding 2,500 pages. This was comprehensive. This permit provides significant protections to the environment, including preservation of more than 73% of the site’s wetlands over 2,600 acres of permanent conservation easements and a robust mitigation plan using state-of-the-art reclamation practices. The Department of Environmental Protection who also extensively reviewed and approved the permit has characterized the South Ford Meade tracking question as heavily degraded and has said that, it will be in a better environmental condition after mining and reclamation has been completed. Given the amount of focus on the South Ford Meade permit by Mosaic in the scores of regulators with whom we had worked with, we have confidence both in the substance of the permit and the process by which it was issued. We will be certain to update you as soon as we receive a decision from the court next week. Thank you. And at this point, I’m going to turn it over to Jim Prokopanko.
Jim Prokopanko: Well, thank you, Larry and Rich. Mosaic’s leadership in both potash and phosphates has been a key strength in fiscal 2010. While the potash market struggled to gain traction, our phosphates business made a quicker return to healthier sales volume and stable pricing. Mosaic’s ability to supply the world’s agricultural markets with a global scale, balanced portfolio of two vital crop nutrients, phosphate and potash is unparalleled in the industry. Combination of these two strong product lines will continue to provide advantages in the years ahead. Through the year, we maintained focus on our strategic priorities, generated strong cash flow and maintained one of the best balance sheets in the industry. Our strong cash position and significant mineral reserves support extensive long-term investment in Mosaic’s future growth. In potash, we launched the first phase of our multi-billion dollar expansion plan at our three large scale mines in Saskatchewan. Approximately 60% or 3 million tons of our projects have been approved and are in various stages of planning, engineering or construction. Our projects are core to our growth and are scrutinized on a regular basis to ensure they make sense from a return and market demand perspective. Our plants include up to 5 million tons of expansion. When completed, we expect these projects would booster annual potash peaking capacity to nearly 17 million metric tons. This capacity includes the impending reversion of 1.3 million tons of potash, currently being supplied to a third party under a tolling agreement. In phosphates, we made strong strategic investments in offshore sources of new phosphate raw to complement our extensive resources. We recently acquired a 35% interest in the Miski Mayo phosphate rock mine being developed in the Bayovar region of Peru. The plant is up and running and I am looking forward to visiting our facility in early August. Miski Mayo advances our strategic priority to secure additional phosphate rock and reinforces our commitment to remain the largest integrated phosphate producer in the world. In addition, PhosChem entered a multiyear contract with our customers in India. This large base load contract of 2 million tons annually helped us optimize production rates and improved profitability this past quarter. More importantly, it demonstrates strong partnership with valued customers over a multiyear period. We also announced the sale of our minority stake in Fosfertil in our Cubatao operations in Brazil. We view these as nonstrategic assets and we took advantage of an opportunity to sell them at attractive evaluations. We have a solid footprint in Brazil with our distribution business and assets that are key to serving this region and will facilitate sale of Mosaic produced products into this growing marketplace. We made headway in aligning our assets to capture future opportunities. Our distribution network provides Mosaic efficient access to the global market. We’re move closely connected that network to our North American production assets to better serve our customers. We exited businesses in Thailand and Mexico to create a more streamlined and cost-effective distribution channel focused on distributing nutrients produced by Mosaic. On the operational front, we are enhancing our efficiency and operational excellence across the entire enterprise. We launched initiatives that focus on process improvements and resource management to drive productivities in new levels, contain costs, and enhance our safety performance and ensure the sustainability of our company. We’re looking at a processes and costs from all angles in buying new and innovative ways to add value. On the financial front, we posted strong margin performance in the fourth quarter and full-year cash flow was healthy, further strengthening our financial position. We continually evaluate the supply and demand fundamentals of our business. Phosphate and potash demand prospects look robust, driven by the need for farmers to plant record acreage and reaps ever increasing yields to meet accelerating grain and oil seed demand. Our assessment is that global phosphate and potash markets will remain tight until new supplies come on line during the next several years. Beyond that, we project demand growth will absorb the new capacity that ultimately gets built. Our strategic plans are designed to capitalize on the attractive, long-term outlook for global agriculture. These fundamentals remain positive. At its core is the food store. This has not changed and many of you know it well. The United Nations has recently estimated that by the year 2050, global food production will need to increase by 70% and food production in developing countries will need to double to meet projected demand. Clearly, agriculture, and the growing need for crop nutrients will be a major factor in meeting these increased demands. To wrap up, I’m proud of our accomplishments and I’m committed to further strengthening our position as the world’s leading producer and marketer of potash and phosphates. We have developed a strong platform for the long-term growth, value creation and for fulfilling our mission of helping the world grow the food it needs. We owe our success to the hard work and dedication of our employees, our customers and our business partners. And to the them I say thank you. Phosphate and potash demand is back on track. Make no mistake, fundamentals in our core businesses look positive and industry sentiment finally appears to be catching up with the marketplace realities. We are excited and optimistic about the prospects for the 2011 fiscal year. Back to you Christine Battist
Christine Battist: We would now like to open the call to your questions. As a reminder, we will not be able to comment on questions related to South Ford Meade due to the pending litigation. I’d ask that you please hold your questions to one per person, so we can take questions from as many as people as people. You’re welcome to rejoin the queue for a follow-up question. Chanel, please open the line.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Thank you, good morning. Could you just comment on the potash and phosphate volumes coming in below your guidance for the quarter and what do you think drove that and if anything’s changed on the margin? I guess, in particular, I’d want to know, as corn prices have rallied since the beginning of July, how has buyer psychology changed your interest in purchasing? Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning, Vincent. You ask about what happened in Q4 with the phosphate and potash. We started to quarter off – in the first two months started off strong and the year came to a quick end. And the crop was planted in a record of short period of time, it was planted early. And dealers and the pipeline distribution pipeline wanted to finish the year with minimal inventories, no inventories if possible. So we had a decent year. It went in quickly and we had as I said – as you said, moderately lower-than-expected demand and some of that was destocking of the pipeline and some of that was going in with – ending the season with short stocks and there you have it. Following that is a strong bounce back in our first quarter, with dealers preparing to fill up for the coming planting season this fall, which we expect to be very good as do they and the recent strength in the grain fundamentals provide good support for that.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: So just as a follow-up, can you think that there is going to be sort of a more secular shift in sort of when volume is sold throughout your fiscal year? In other words, maybe that the fiscal fourth quarter is going to be little smaller than it used to be and maybe the fiscal first quarter is going to be a little larger just based on buyer psychology.
Jim Prokopanko: Vincent, buyer psychology is big part of it. Still not recovering from the shocks of a – fully recovered from the shocks of a – of September 2008 that we all remember. People are afraid to get too far off home base, so they want to finish the year with – finish their seasons with small minimal inventories and they are not really weren’t ready to fully jump back into the pool. And I think when market sentiment can change again, that will depend on grain markets. And I think we will see just a little more cautionary tone going forward. But as our memories dim on that that time, we will get back to normal and driven by what’s happening in the grain markets.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Silver of Bank of America.
David Silver – Bank of America: Yes, hi, good morning. I had a couple of questions, I guess on your potash business. First, I was wondering if you could comment on your – you made a comment that you expect that China to be in the market for 5 million – I think 5.5 million tons of imports this year. And I personally, I wasn’t aware that they’ve made any indications about coming back into the market. So I was just wondering what your basis is for – for that comment might be?
Jim Prokopanko: Thanks and good day David. I am going to ask Dr. Mike Rahm to address that question.
Mike Rahm: Hi, good morning, David. Well, one reason if you look at a custom statistics from China, China imported 2.5 million tons of potash during the first half of the year. So China has been quietly buying and then tons have been moving into that market. And then based on the number of tons they’ve contracted, we think the number is going to fallout in that 5 million to 5.5 million ton range.
David Silver – Bank of America: Okay. And then, one other question on, I guess maybe your capital program, and again tilted towards potash. But I’ve noticed that domestic competitor of yours has been doing quite a few things and investing in the New Mexico assets that they have. And, I guess, by comparison, Mosaic’s comments about Carlsbad or that asset has been relatively limited or acquired. I am just wondering if you have any comments on a growth strategy or an investment plan for New Mexico potash assets. Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: Sure, David. It’s Jim here. I’ll that question. Our Carlsbad facility is one of our smaller mines. It’s – and it’s been a good operation for us. It might not have gotten the attention from the – as same as the bigger Canadian operations. But over this past year, we’ve more than doubled, almost tripled our mineable reserves in Carlsbad. We’ve gone from about 111 million tons of mineable reserves to 294 million that gives us about 25 years of reserves. So we’ve – we’ve got a very strong reserve base and a good underground mining operation. The product we produce there is potassium, manganese and sulfate. And it is sold under the K-Mag brand which is the recognized leading brand name of this product around the world. There is just unquestionably and we – it’s a Mosaic brand and we have sole access to it. This is a well run underground mine and there’s some people that are converting their mines to solution mines. There’s not need to do that. That is not the first place you want to mine this product, it’ll be a solution mining. Now we continue to optimize the efficiencies at that operation. There’s – you still see opportunities to lower cost, extract at a higher rate, and we continue to do that. So it’s a well run facility that we could even run better. So that is – that’s where we’re at with it and there is some other things that just aren’t necessary for us to – that others might be doing that’s not necessary and perhaps higher cost than what we are doing.
David Silver – Bank of America: Okay, thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas of JPMorgan.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Hi, good morning. I was wondering whether you thought that the closure of Agrifos’s P-12 size capacity in early 2011 will make a difference to the supply demand balances in phosphate?
Jim Prokopanko: Jeff, good day.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Hi, good day.
Jim Prokopanko: It’s a thought that sometime in the first quarter, Agrifos will discontinued production of finished DAP products and that amounts to both 500,000 tons. And there’s something to keep in mind as – I’ll maybe get to a question that somebody else is going to ask is the Ma'aden project coming on line in sometime in 2011 we’ve got to keep that in mind. Although there is some production coming on line in 2011 through Ma'aden, you are right to point out that some nonintegrated producers will be shutting this coming year. So it’s not all addition, there is some plants that are going out to production. Will it impact the S&D, I guess depending on the how strong the D is, it might be more missed than we appreciate. But North American production over the next 12 months is not increasing in phosphate production and that’s a point that’s missed by many in the industry.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: And just to follow-up, in Europe, is phosphate production increasing or decreasing, and why? And in terms of your capital expenditures of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, how does that split between phosphate and potash?
Jim Prokopanko: Mike – I’m going to ask Mike Rahm to talk about what’s happening in the supply side European phosphate production.
Mike Rahm: Good morning, Jeff. And in terms of Europe, they went through a transition a couple of decades ago where most of the phosphoric acid plants shutdown. There is some NPK production and less than a handful of phosphoric acid producers in Europe. And similar to Agrifos, there is a Spanish producer that also will go out of business. So the European market is basically an import market in one form or another, whether it’s rock or a little bit of phosphoric acid or a finished phosphate product.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: That’s great. And then the split in CapEx?
Jim Prokopanko: Phosphate or potash.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: In other words, of the $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion you expect to spend next year, how does that split between your potash operations and your phosphate operation?
Jim Prokopanko: That will be about 75% it’s going to be on potash and 25% will be in phosphate operations.
Jeff Zekauskas – JPMorgan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of P. J. Juvekar of Citi.
P. J. Juvekar – Citi: Yes, hi, good morning. You expect potash prices to be down in the first quarter in the range of 300 to 330, down from 4Q price of 336. And you talked about supply demand getting tighter next year, producer inventories are down. I was just wondering what’s the disconnect between that outlook and prices being down?
Jim Prokopanko: I'm going to ask Rick McLellan, our Commercial leader to address that and give his observations in the marketplace.
Rick McLellan: Good morning. Frankly what we saw in May and June was dealers stopped their purchasing to end the year empty. And we needed to find a clearing price where that market would start to move. Price – we decreased prices $30 a ton in North America on July the 5th, and since then, that market has begun to move. That’s a price that – and that will impact our netbacks in our first quarter.
P. J. Juvekar – Citi: Okay. And then I had a follow-up question on the previous China question. There’s a lot of talk about Chinese potash production capacity – production going up (inaudible). And I was wondering if you have any intelligence on that and what is the capacity now? Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, P.J., it’s Jim here. Yes, you’re right. Last year, there was talk about increasing potash production in China. And, in fact, the International Fertilizer Association on conjunction with Chinese potash producers took a look at their reporting statistics and the numbers they reported to the association. And what we found was there were some double counting, mischaracterization of some of the products. And, in fact, the 5 million plus tons that were reputed to be coming out being produced in China and potash was closer to the 3 million ton range. So we just haven’t see the material increase and potash production in China. Now, China used to – not too many years ago was importing in excess of 9 million tons a year. This last year they imported above 3 million tons and that drop was accounted for some destocking of the pipeline, but a material drop in potash applications on the farms in China. And they absolutely have to come back to the market on that, they just can’t avoid putting potash on and we may be seeing signs of that. China continues to import significant amounts of soybeans and this year they’re starting to import noticeable amounts of corn. And our reports are that China will continue to be importing corn at every increasing rates in the years ahead. And they know that they have to get their nutrient crop, nutrient balances back in line and the government has sent thousands of agronomists throughout the country to get this message back to the farmers. So longer answer to a simple question, are the potash production numbers going up? No, we don’t see that. And two, do their potash consumption numbers have to go up? Yes, absolutely.
P. J. Juvekar – Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout with CIBC.
Jacob Bout – CIBC: Good morning. Maybe you can just comment on your ability to slowdown or speedup your brownfield potash expansions as demand dictates.
Jim Prokopanko: I’m going to ask Joc O’Rourke, our Operations leader here to address your question.
Joc O’Rourke: As I think it’s been stated, we sit at about 3 million tons of additional capacity has been approved and are proceeding through either the design or construction phase right now. And as we’ve said previously, each of those projects and particularly the ones after that, all have on rounds and off rounds, where we can speed them up, slow them down to meet the market need. So we think, because there are so many little pieces to each of these projects, we think we can actually very effectively meet the demand without over capitalizing or missing the opportunities.
Jacob Bout – CIBC: Just for argument sake, let’s say that potash demand was flat with in 2011 versus 2010 levels, would you – what would your – be your ability there to slowdown the brownfield over that one-year period?
Joc O’Rourke: Over a one-year period, I don’t think we’d have – I mean these are projects that takes arguably the minimum one to two years and as a maximum seven or eight years to do. So clearly on that kind of scale, you’re not going to move it. But, we’re looking at more of a long-term demand and supply balance and producing for that.
Jacob Bout – CIBC: Okay. Maybe just a follow-up here. I know you didn’t want to ask any questions on the South Ford Meade mine, but maybe just comment a little bit about your ability, would it makes sense to import rock or to get rocks there Bayovar for that South Ford Meade processing? Will that make any sense at all?
Jim Prokopanko:
 :
Jacob Bout – CIBC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez of Gleacher & Company.
Edlain Rodriguez – Gleacher & Company: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Jim, quick question on the potash strategy in the domestic and the international markets. I mean, you’ve talked about the price decline in the US, when incentivized the summer we feel, yet at the same time, Canpotex is not willing to sell to China or India at the prevalent ongoing price essentially choosing to lose market share. I mean, can you talk about the discrepancy between the two markets had quite a different strategies there?
Jim Prokopanko: Well, the – good day to Edlain. Good to hear from you. We – in North America, let’s recall, I think it was through end of May, early June, grain prices were dropping and at steady rate and we were in low-3s on corn and below I think 9 on beans. And so there just was not a lot of marketplace, foreign marketplace confidence about what was ahead. And as an early and potentially crop got planted, we found that it’s – it wasn’t fully grown yet and there was risk and weather risk and we’re seeing that and we’re seeing issues in Eastern FSU and Western Europe on grain production and how quickly those fortunes turnaround. So we’ve seen a stronger pricing on grains, which is in the last couple weeks reinforce the mood and sentimental farmers and dealers. So it was a different marketplace over these last six weeks and eight weeks. So we see a strengthening tone. We might not be moving the kind of volumes that we want on potash today, but we believe in our first calendar half, it’s going to happen sometime, either in August or September, we will see potash move and strengthen. And that’s not a – we’ve been negotiating in China. We had some contract from the end of last year that we were shipping and subsequently haven’t come to terms on an agreement Canpotex continues to negotiate with China and I am confident that we are going to have another contract with China in the next while, when exactly I don’t know, one little wrinkle that’s been added, that might make a just a little longer is, there’s been some leadership changes in the (inaudible) organization, some people have been moved around at the senior level. New people are coming in and those people are going to have to get their people under them and decide which direction they’re going. But we’ve got a good relationship with our Chinese customers and we’re going to have a contract in the next while. I have a little doubt that Canpotex will get there on it.
Edlain Rodriguez – Gleacher & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee of RBC Capital Markets.
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Jim, I just have a question regarding Ma'aden and I was just wondering if concerns about Ma'aden is starting up. Have they opened up new opportunities or better pricing for Mosaic in your opinion with respect to strategic phosphate acquisition opportunities?
Jim Prokopanko: Fai, how do you mean that? Has they made opportunities for us?
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: Well, as you’ve seen the – are there more willing sellers of assets or in terms of your negotiations, are you seeing better pricing than maybe a couple – it might have a couple of years ago?
Jim Prokopanko: No. Both producers – crop nutrient producers are pretty proud of their assets. And with raising grain prices, increasing demand, we – everybody is pretty proud of the business they own and have and there’s under market and posted market on acquisition opportunities. So I don’t know how I could answer that in any kind of detail. I just want to say again on the Ma'aden thing, they’re talking about – I think they’re marking public statements, they will be starting up in mid-2011 and that startup it’s going to take to a mid-2010, probably 12 months if things go well with them to get up to their 2.9 million ton capacity. And let’s put in context with 2.9 million tons, that’s two years of demand growth that is not a lot of product demand for the world’s appetite of phosphates. Takeaway 0.5 million tons that a nonintegrated producer in North America is going to be bringing down and there might be another one or two of those that happen over the next 12 months and 24 months and Ma'aden is not coming in with a big hammer here. They’ve got a mono production that the world will eat up through demand growth in two years. The last time the world saw new capacity come into the market was about 10 years ago with the Oswald and WPC plants in India, those came into production, at the same time, concurrently, China was becoming self sufficient, so there is a disruption at that point as well at the time the Indian plants came on stream, the pipeline, the inventory in the world was pretty flush. We have a very short inventory in the world. The pipeline isn’t full, the stocks are lower than normal rates and we think mine’s going to come on and it could maybe have a bit of a wobble in pricing, but we don’t think that’s going to be very lasting.
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. I guess, the reason I was asking was because I think you’ve mentioned that you would consider foreign regional producer is phosphate. I’m just wondering what’s driving the motivation to sell at this point?
Jim Prokopanko: We’re not seeing a lot of motivated sellers that are knocking on our doors. I think it’s – this is a hard business, a tough business. And, unless, it’s a major part of your DNA and you are committed to work for the long-term, you’ve got to have to work very hard if you’re running a regional operation, it’s a global business, it takes a lot of talent, lot of attention to environmental safety, risk issues that go with it. And, unless, you are a large global committed player, I just think it’s a – it’s awful hard work to make a living, running at regional smaller local either phosphate or potash business.
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Jim Prokopanko: It depends on those people’s motivations and their purpose and we’ll see what comes.
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets: All right, interesting, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort of Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning, everyone. This is Lindsay Drucker Mann filling in for Bob. I was just hoping maybe we could – you could dig a little bit deeper into South Ford Meade without commenting specifically on the trial. You mentioned that you are working through some contingency plans. Can you just talk a bit about – just give a little bit color on those plans?
Jim Prokopanko: If it’s necessary to do so Lindsay, we will at a later date. But we’re really sort of be a wet blank and we’re just not going to comment on this until we have a ruling from the – from that Federal Court that’s reviewing the matter.
Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, also, can you maybe just walk us through next step, should we get an unfavorable ruling – from a legal standpoint, should we get an unfavorable ruling from the judge?
Jim Prokopanko: I’m going to ask – Lindsay, I’ll ask Rich Mack to address that.
Rich Mack: Sure. Lindsay, what we would logically do is we would first take a look at the scope of the ruling and then we would see if we’d need to go back to the district court judge this is in front of for any additional clarification or relief. But, I think in these situations, you would anticipate that you would quickly seek an appeal. And in this case, it’s with the 11 circuit court of appeals for the Southeastern region part of the United States and go to the substance as to whether or not his ruling had validity. As I mentioned, in the prepared remarks, it’s a very high bar issue a preliminary injunction. There needs to be showing of a substantial likelihood of success, there needs to be a showing of the reparable harm, there needs to be an evaluation of the harms when you issue the injunction versus the impacts that would be inflicted on not only Mosaic, but all of the suppliers and customers and employees and local communities where we operate. And then, finally, there needs to be a public interest to test. And suffice it to say, that yesterday’s hearing focused on all of those elements. And we think that the plaintiffs should have a very difficult time satisfying all four.
Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay. So – and you mentioned your confidence in the case you’ve made and also on the permitting process. What sort of degree of confidence do you have that this will be wrapped up relatively quickly?
Rich Mack: I think that – we’ll simply going to have to defer. Again, I think it would really depend on the approach that the judge takes and I would just ask you to stay tuned until next week when we have more information. One thing I can say is that the TRO does expire on its phase and cannot as I understand it’ll be extended by law beyond July 28th, so we should have a affirmative answer on the preliminary injunction issue by the 28th of July.
Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elaine Yip of Credit Suisse.
Elaine Yip – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Can you discuss a bit what you’re seeing your resilient distribution business? What are your customers telling you and how does the distributor psychology there compared to the more cautious behavior that we saw in North America this past spring? And if you’ll comment on the credit environment and farmer economics in the region, that would be helpful.
Jim Prokopanko: Elaine, good day. Rick McLellan, our Commercial leader would like to answer that question.
Rick McLellan: Good morning. Yes, Brazil is – I’m not sure that Brazil is much different than we’re seeing in other marketplaces. People are conservative to bring in a lot of inventory and had been working to – it’s more or like – it’s more or like to have in the US, where inventories were cleaned out and now they’re starting to command on a more regular basis. One of the issues that Brazil faces and has faced is a real lack of import capacity and we’re already seeing vessel lineup starting at the main ports because of the amount of product that has to be moved in a short time, so that’s the market. It’s not much different than any other market in world. Buyers are conservative, buyers aren’t going to go – go along and fill up inventories like we saw six, seven years ago where traditional Brazil demand would be load up in May, June and ship in July, August, September. As far as customers, farmer customers, economics for soybean production and sugar production are very strong. And farmers are in a good cash position. The government has come along with some programs to support it. So, effectively, the Brazil market we see is growing to 23.5 million tons this year and frankly there’s probably some upside to that if these grain markets continue to stay strong.
Elaine Yip – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good morning. Jim, you had very good margins in both your phosphate and potash operations. How – are those margin sustainable and specifically in potash the lower brine inflow costs, are they sustainable as well?
Jim Prokopanko: David, the – yes, we below so, and particularly with the – on the margins, phosphates we’ve been seeing and as reported in the industry of papers, we’ve been seeing some strengthening in the market with the growing demand we think that’s where the pricing is sustainable, we’re seeing some – and I have an expectation for some sulfur prices, so margins on potash and phosphate I should say, will be as we see them now. And I think they’re improving going forward if these prices in the grain market stay where they are. In the case of potash, I think it’s with growing demand, we should see a good foundation in the current prices we see at potash. And there too, I think Larry mentioned, with some of the turnarounds, we see – we could see a bit of erosion in the margins for Q1 due to reduced absorption costs, but it should be steady thereafter. In the case of the brine inflow, that’s a – brine is – inflows are sort of in the lower end of the historic experiences we’ve had. We continue to aggressively monitor and to the extent that we can mitigate and manage that inflow and so the costs should be the kind of costs we see recently going forward. And we’re always working to bring those numbers down, but not at the risk of a – of increasing any chance of a damage from inflow.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: And, Jim, just one more thing. Post Bayovar, are you still looking to procure additional rock assets around the world?
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, yes we are. We think rock is a – is in a critical component. And both in potash and phosphate you’ve heard me say before the goal chain and the supply chain is the ownership of the basic resource the rough, potash and phosphate. And opportunities to get economically viable phosphate rock reserves, additional reserves is, I believe an attractive opportunity, attractive investment to augment the good reserves we presently have.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Would you expect to realize those potential investments over the next three to five years.
Jim Prokopanko: That’s hard. I can’t say. They’ll occur when the price is right and they’re economically viable once they’re found. So I just can’t add anything more.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: Specificity at that point.
Larry Stranghoener: Jim, if I could just something, David, to that question. With respect to margin, just remember what I said though for phosphates. The blend, because of the higher percentage of blends that we expect to see in the first quarter, and Jim’s comments are generally on track for the full year, but in the first quarter with the higher percentage of blend volumes, it was quite a bit higher than in the fourth quarter and the lower margin rates those carry that will have a negative impact on phosphate gross margins in the first quarter, so just don’t lose site of that within the context of Jim’s overall comments please.
David Begleiter – Deutsche Bank: Right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Neivert of Dahlman Rose.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Good morning. A couple of quick questions. The delivery schedule on product to India, is that something we can take as sort of being even across the quarters or is there any heavy load coming perhaps in this coming quarter and in part maybe explaining why you got such a strong number in the next – in this coming quarter? And also, has there been any forward placement of either potash or phosphate into warehouses of daily distributors where, again, it’s not their inventory, but still considered in yours, and what degree would that be versus let’s say here about this time?
Rick McLellan: I’ll take that. It’s Rick McLellan here. So there’s a couple of questions. We are seeing strong shipments into India in the next quarter and we have that plan, but it is nothing more than what we have had in our plans and so we see that as positive. There is an impact in India that all nutrients going into the country are facing and that is that if Indian buyers on both P&K waited longer than they normally have to cement business for this year and it’s causing poor congestion and more importantly a real pressure on inbound rail or in-country rail assets to move the products from the ports into where it’s being used. That will be a short term, they’ll work their way through it. So, I, frankly – and there is inventory moving into the country, but frankly no different than we’ve seen in other years.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Okay, but it is heavier than, let’s say, if you’re doing 2 million for the year, if you were going to divide it in four, it’d be 500,000. So this quarter, this coming quarter is likely to be greater than that 500,000, up PhosChem as a group.
Rick McLellan: So PhosChem as a group, you – the product will get moved primarily in the – our first and second quarters.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Okay, got it.
Rick McLellan: It’ll be some – a smaller amount of product in that back half.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Got it. And then, forward placement, at this point, have we seen any movement of product domestically or into the US market?
Jim Prokopanko: In from our own – into our own domestic – into domestic warehouses?
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Yes, I mean, last year, there – because there’s a lack of movement of products, some producers were moving product into dealer distributor warehouses even though – in effect renting the warehouse space. Are we seeing that sort of forward placement again, because we still have that same resistance to taking on inventory, but it needs to be placed in order to get to the field. So I was wondering if you guys were instituting the same kind of program we saw last year?
Jim Prokopanko: I’ll answer it in two pieces. On phosphates in North America, we’ve seen buyers go from wanting product moved into warehouses and warehouse agreements to purchasing. Right now, we believe North American distributors have placed somewhere around 60% of what they need for fall and that 60% placed and appraised.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Okay.
Jim Prokopanko: Potash, we’re moving product into warehouses and that’s a bit of the way the potash market has worked and people have got approximately 30% cover on what they require for this fall. But that’s changed really dramatically in the last two weeks.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Okay. So what we’re saying is it looks like the phosphate side is, they’re taking – willing to take a little bit more risk then on the Potash side at this point from an inventory standpoint, the dealer distributors.
Jim Prokopanko: The dealer distributors see an opportunity to purchase, head start the opportunity to purchase on phosphates earlier than potash. But I think they’ll make that move in the next 60 days.
Charles Neivert – Dahlman Rose: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Michael Picken of Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken – Cleveland Research: Hi, just wanted to quickly kind of walk through sort of the rest of your phosphate in terms of where you are, in terms of rock permits and how many more years you have at some of your other mines, and maybe if you can provide an update on some of your future mining operations, when you might expect to see any product produced (inaudible) level?
Jim Prokopanko: Mike, I’m going to ask Rich Mack, the General Counsel, who leads our permitting efforts to address your question.
Rich Mack: Hi Mike. I think your question comprises a couple of facets. First, at any given time, obviously, we have a number of permits that are in process and then we have those that are yet to be worked on. Of course, we have about 30 plus or – say 30 to 35 years of kind of anticipated rock left in the State of Florida. And the South Ford Meade permit, that is an important permit for us, and of course that’s been in process for seven years. We do not have a major permits that is forthcoming here until what we currently estimate in the 2013 timeframe. And then, after that, it stretches out even further than that. You can anticipate there could be anywhere from the 2017 to the 2020 time horizon. Of course, this is a business where things change, mining plans change. And so, these dates can move around a little bit, but I think that’s a pretty good estimation as to where we’re currently at.
Michael Picken – Cleveland Research: Okay, great. And then, as a follow-up, in terms of your first quarter phosphate volume guidance, is that assuming a favorable ruling or should we read into that that maybe either through imported rock or through whatever inventories you might have leftover that you can meet that phosphate volume numbers sort of regardless of what the ruling is?
Jim Prokopanko: Michael, that’s not going to touch – it’s not going to have any impact whatsoever in our first quarter.
Michael Picken – Cleveland Research: Great, thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: With that, we’ll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will continue to expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is ideally situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thank you very much and have a safe and wonderful weekend.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-04-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist – Director, Investor Relations  James T. Prokopanko – President, Chief Executive Officer  Lawrence W. Stranghoener – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  James C. O’Rourke – Executive Vice President of Operations Dr. Mike Rahm – Vice President, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning Richard N. McLellan – Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations 
Analysts: Donald Carson - UBS David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch Anthony Pettinari for P. J. Juvekar - Citi Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint AmTech Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Jason Miner for David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Martin Lavigueur - Macquarie 
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s fiscal 2010 third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today’s call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Please proceed Christine.
Christine Battist:  Thank you, Katrina. Welcome to Mosaic’s fiscal 2010 third quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the senior leadership team. After my introductory remarks, Larry will review our third quarter results and our outlook. Following Larry’s remarks, Jim will facilitate our Q&A session. The presentation slides we are using today during the call are available on our website and may enhance our discussion but are not required for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call and we’ll send them to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. These statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They were based upon management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, April 1, 2010, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the express written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Before I turn the call over to Larry, I’d like to highlight a recent recognition we received. Mosaic was named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine. We were ranked 45th, due in part to our conservation and environmental stewardship, as well as our financial and governance transparency. For example, we recycle 95% of water used in our North American phosphate operations and purchase nearly 100% of our Brazilian power from hydroelectric sources. We are proud of this recognition and look to raise the bar as we continue operating our business as a responsible corporate leader. Now I’ll turn the call over to Larry.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener:  Thank you Christine and good morning everyone. It feels good to turn the calendar to April. Spring is in the air, both in the weather and in our markets. We continue to see signs of global economic recovery and our business continues to improve. Several noteworthy events have occurred in recent months, starting with the demand pickup in early December, continuing with Canpotex contracts with key international customers and PhosChem’s recent multi-year sale to India. This has been good for both phosphates and potash, and we expect this trend to continue into the North American spring planting season. Mosaic is uniquely positioned as a leading supplier of both potash and phosphate products needed by farmers worldwide. This unique pairing of nutrients is benefiting our stakeholders. In addition to these improved market dynamics, there were two strategic deals of note coming to fruition during this timeframe, the sale of our Fosfertil stake and our investment in the Bayovar rock mine, each of which I’ll discuss briefly later.  Our third quarter results improved sequentially and dramatically over year ago results. We recorded solid shipments into North America for both phosphates and potash. This was due to farmers finding a window for applications after the fall harvest, as well as distributors replenishing their empty warehouses. With phosphates, a cost push due to rising raw material costs added an extra boost to December and early January sales activity as customers moved to secure the best pricing. International contract settlements provided a catalyst for potash sales activity into other markets and helped establish new market selling prices for potash. The increased demand for both phosphates and potash has resulted in lower producer inventory levels and recent increases in production rates, trends we expect to continue into our fourth fiscal quarter. We are experiencing once again in 2010 a tale of two halves, only this year we are seeing remarkably better financial results in the second half of the year compared to the first half, the opposite of the fiscal 2009 pattern. We generated $477 million in cash flow from operations this quarter, primarily due to the increase in net earnings and lower working capital. We are on pace to fund nearly $1 billion of capital spending this fiscal year, with much of that amount going to our potash expansion program. During the quarter we announced the sale of our minority interest in Fosfertil and a Mosaic single super phosphate plant in Brazil. This transaction is expected to close in six to nine months, with estimated net cash proceeds in the range of $900 million. As a reminder, Fosfertil was largely a financial investment for Mosaic and this sale did not affect our existing Brazilian distribution business nor our growth plans there.  Part of the Fosfertil proceeds will be reinvested in the Bayovar joint venture, which we announced yesterday. We are excited about this project, which complements our significant phosphate reserves in Florida and helps us maintain our position as the largest integrated phosphate producer. You have heard us speak many times about our strategic intent to access additional sources of phosphate rock and this deal certainly helps accomplish that.  Longer term, we are confident that demand in both of our businesses will be strong, as farmers invest to increase yields and meet the growing demand for grains and oil seeds. We have the asset base and investment plans to support our customers’ needs throughout the world. In phosphates we are focusing on growing the value of our business and maintaining our position as one of the lowest cost phosphate producers in the world. Our expansive global distribution network, aligned with our North American production assets, provides us access to the largest global markets, often on a counter seasonal basis. We are also effectively executing our plans to expand potash capacity and increase productivity, and in turn drive strong cash flow and enhance shareholder value. Let me now highlight our business segment results starting with potash. Potash is making a comeback. For the past 12 months we have on average operated our potash operations at below 50% operating rates. Late in the third quarter, once order volume picked up and inventory levels started to decline, we increased operating rates. Today we are operating at normal levels, comparable to the 2008 spring season. Potash operating earnings doubled sequentially to $326 million this quarter and advanced strongly compared to prior year levels. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales improved sequentially 5 percentage points to 48%. The key driver in our performance was an 80% plus increase in sales volumes from a quarter ago, driven primarily by strong North American demand. Producer inventory levels have been declining since November and we expect this trend to continue through at least May in light of strong demand from recent Canpotex sales as well as a solid order book for the North American spring season. While it took potash a bit longer to turn the corner than phosphates, operating rates have increased and the cost leverage when that happens is appreciable. Potash pricing has now stabilized at a level that provides attractive profitability and continues to support our ground field expansion plans. Our Phosphates business segment posted a modest improvement from the prior quarter results as we expected and discussed on our January earnings call. Operating earnings were up sequentially despite a decline in sales volumes. Since completing some turnarounds in the recent quarter, we have increased our operating rates in our North American phosphate operations. However, sales volumes in our fourth quarter will be constrained by our low inventories. We wish we had more product to sell because the demand is there. We were at the high end of our phosphate sales volume guidance and within the price guidance range we provided. The recent run up in spot DAP pricing from $280 per ton in early November to $500 per ton in late February is realized with a lag in our financial results. It’s worth reminding you that this lag between our average realized prices and prevailing market prices approximates four to six weeks. We will capture more of the recent price appreciation in our fourth quarter. Margin expansion, however, may be constrained by higher sulfur costs.  Sulfur costs are likely to remain high as supply remains tight. On the other hand, April ammonia prices are down $35 per ton from a month ago and we expect this trend to continue for the next several months as supply and demand rebalance.  Spot DAP pricing has stabilized around $465 per tonne FOB Tampa, which is respectable. As we head into the North American spring season with strong demand, low inventories and positive farmer economics, the outlook is positive. The recent PhosChem sale to India is the largest volume contract PhosChem has ever completed. At two million tons per year for each of the next three years, the agreement underscores PhosChem’s commitment to and partnership with India as well as India’s desire to secure a globally balanced, long-term supply of phosphates. As a very large base flowed contract with shipping flexibility, this will provide us an opportunity to optimize phosphate production rates and thereby improve profitability. Recently I joined Jim and several members of our leadership team on a visit to India, where we met with customers, farmers and government officials. As in previous visits, we came away impressed with the incredible opportunities and challenges in that country’s agricultural economy. Of particular note is the continuing need for higher and more balanced applications of phosphate and potash in order to improve overall farmer productivity. India is our largest and fastest growing market, and we maintain excellent relationships and a powerful brand position in that country. To wrap up my comments on recent events and the quarter just ended, note that our tax rate was a bit higher than originally expected. This was largely due to a discrete income tax item costing $0.04 a share this quarter associated with the upcoming sale of Brazilian assets I mentioned earlier. Now I will share some financial guidance for this fiscal year as summarized on Slide 9. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 we estimate an average DAP selling price of $420 to $460 per ton and total phosphate sales volumes of 2.4 to 2.8 million tons. As I mentioned earlier, phosphate sales volumes will be modestly constrained this quarter by our low, finished goods inventories, indicative of the tight supply situation in the market.  By the way, I realize many of you are still adjusting to our Phosphate business segment realignment. As a general rule of thumb, note that normal annual Phosphate segment sales volumes should range between 11 and 11.5 million tons on a realigned basis. Turning to Potash, the recent pickup in sales is encouraging. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010, we estimate an average MOP selling price of $325 to $365 per ton and total potash sales volumes of 1.9 to 2.3 million tons, comparable to historical results in our fourth fiscal quarter. Note that the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar thus far into our fourth quarter, if sustained, will generate a foreign currency transaction loss for the quarter. I’ll remind you that this is largely a non-cash item that we do not spend too much time worrying about. As our fiscal year comes to a close, we have tightened the ranges for some of our other guidance. We expect capital spending to be at the low end of the previous range, between $900 million and $1 billion. This is due to timing of potash expansion expenditures, though our commitment to our expansions has not changed. Going forward we currently expect annual capital expenditures to range between $1 and $1.5 billion for the next three to four years as we execute our potash expansion plans and invest to further improve the operating performance of our existing plants and mines. We expect full year SG&A in the range of $330 to $350 million. Finally, we expect our effective tax rate for fiscal 2010 to be approximately 30%, slightly higher than previous guidance due to the discrete item I mentioned earlier. To wrap up, I’d like to recap a few points. The spring thaw is in full force in the northern hemisphere and we anticipate normal sales volumes and operating levels through our fourth quarter for both phosphates and potash. We expect to finish this fiscal year on a strong note. We will then move into fiscal 2011 with the wind at our backs. North American fundamentals should remain strong, Brazil will begin loading up on P&K in July and August, in India PhosChem will be shipping phosphates and we expect new Canpotex potash contracts soon. And in China, we expect Canpotex to negotiate another quarterly contract. Farmer economics are solid throughout the world. Farmers are getting a good return on their investment in crop nutrients. And as the global population continues to increase, there is little doubt that food security will rank among the world’s highest priorities. Our confidence in Mosaic’s long-term future remains high. Jim, I’ll now turn the call over to you.
James T. Prokopanko:  Well, thanks Larry, and that was well done. From my vantage North America’s spring outlook is very positive and Asia and Latin America are expected to follow with similarly strong demand. As well, we are executing well strategically and operationally. I have great confidence in my team and in our future at Mosaic. Now we’d be glad, along with my colleagues, to take your questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Donald Carson – UBS.
Donald Carson - UBS: Jim, a question on potash. You talked about a recovery in that market, volumes seem quite robust. I guess my question would be specific on pricing. Your price guidance for the next quarter is relatively at the top end of the range isn’t much above the February quarter. I was just wondering why you’re not expecting more momentum in pricing and specifically the comment on the outlook in India where some of your competitors seem to be willing to enter into longer term contracts than you are. And then finally if you’d just comment on the operating leverage you expect to get in potash with these much higher production volumes.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, Don, the pricing of potash for the next couple of months has largely been established. We’ve made sales into various markets, China, India, and we’re riding out those sales right now. The prices have been established and we’ve got that lag time between sale and actual shipping, so that will carry us through the better part of the spring season. In North America, we expect there to be a second round of sales to take place but that will only be after the dealers have seen potash leave their warehouses. Then they’ll make their second orders and that’s when I think we can see the next round of price pressures.
Donald Carson – UBS:  So you’re not currently getting the scheduled $30 per ton, short ton increase in the domestic market I guess? If you could just comment on how you see these contracts with India unfolding as they get renewed in July.
James T. Prokopanko: We’re on the cusp of it in North America, Don. Again spring planting is just getting underway, literally today, tomorrow we expect it to really get going. And dealers have been cautious in reloading and committing beyond what they already have in their warehouses. So I think once product starts flowing from the warehouses onto the farm fields we’re going to get further orders and we expect to be seeing good support in our potash pricing. And now you asked a question about the India contract. Yes, others are making some sales into India and I’m not going to say much more other than Canpotex is in active negotiations with the Indians and we expect there should be some news in the not too distant future.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch: I had a couple of questions, I guess, on the phosphate side. So when I took the reported numbers and this would have to do on processing costs, I’m sorry. So when I took your reported results and put them into my model, it seems like once I strip out the feed stock cost effects and some other things, just the pure cost of processing DAP on a sequential basis, actually we’re higher. And that kind of went counter to the trend I was expecting given that shipments had picked up noticeably and were running ahead of production rates. Could you talk about the issues in your phosphate unit operationally this quarter and whether we should continue to expect similar processing cost levels, or might they decline sequentially?
James T. Prokopanko: David, I’m going to turn that over to Joc O’Rourke, our Executive Vice President of Operations.
James C. O’Rourke:  I think the question you’re asking is the third quarter we did not see the volume benefit in terms of the cost. I think what you’re looking at is two things. One is likely the slight lag that we see in the system, because you don’t catch the costs on the goods sold as quickly as they go through the plant. The other thing is that in the third quarter, which is generally our shutdown time and slower season, we naturally produce slightly less and we have our major shutdowns during that quarter. So in general our costs go up in that quarter for those reasons.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch:  Would you have a total either on a per ton basis or just in millions of dollars what the shutdown effects might have been?
James C. O’Rourke: Not offhand. I’m sorry.
David Silver - BofA Merrill Lynch:  I have a question for Jim and this is related to the two Brazil deals, so the sale of the Fosfertil stake and then the purchase of the stake in the Peru mine. First of all I do think it’s a very smart, strategic move that you’ve identified over time and you’re executing on now. That said, both deals involve Vale and I was wondering, Jim, if you could talk about, I know the two deals are separate at least on an official basis, but was it important to Mosaic that you maintain a position in Brazil or Latin America such that the two deals were lengthened in some way? In other words, could you relate your willingness to divest your position in Fosfertil maybe if you weren’t able to gain access to rock through the Bayovar deal?
James T. Prokopanko: David, you and I hypothesized at the start correctly that these are two very separate deals that happened quite independently. The exit from Brazil, so all understand this, was a minority, approximately 18, 19% investment, financial investment in the Fosfertil company. And as it was working out and given the economics it made sense for us to exit that business. I said and announced previously that it was important for us to find additional rock or we considered it as a strategic priority to find additional rock in Latin America, North America. We’ve been doing that, looking, exploring and this was the best most timely opportunity we had, and one didn’t have anything to do with the other, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Pettinari for P. J. Juvekar – Citi.
Anthony Pettinari for P. J. Juvekar – Citi:  On the phosphate side could you discuss what existing high cost sulfur contracts you have to work through, if any, and what you think the sulfur costs might be in 4Q?
James T. Prokopanko: I’ll have Joc talk about our sulfur supplies.
James C. O’Rourke: Yes, at this stage we have completely worked through the old block sulfur contracts that we had from last year. However, some of those might flow through cost of goods sold again for the same reason of the lag period between when we sell the material and when it’s produced. In terms of going forward, we will now be much more working with the existing sulfur market which as Larry mentioned earlier is becoming quite tight. Last quarter we purchased sulfur for $90. We expect that to probably go up although those negotiations will be in the next month and we don’t have those numbers yet.
Anthony Pettinari for P. J. Juvekar – Citi: In terms of the Bayovar JV, I think Vale has the second mine that is scheduled to start up there in 2012. Does your 35% stake extend to that mine?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener:  You’re right, there are plans to expand that mine and we would be participants in that expansion and incur our pro rata share of those costs to expand the mine, and we look forward to doing that.
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, I’d like to just go back to something that David asked and I was remiss in not mentioning. Although we’ve exited Fosfertil, our financial investment, we do still have a meaningful distribution network. Brazil continues to be and will remain an important destination market for our phosphates business out of Florida and potash. And we do continue to operate and stand behind our distribution business in Brazil as well as Argentina.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs: First, can you give us some sense of what you’re seeing globally for potash inventories? And is it somewhat similar to the story in the U.S. or is there maybe a lag in getting those inventories in check?
James T. Prokopanko: Dr. Mike Rahm our economist has a good window into the pipeline stocks around the world and I’ll have him address that and some other geographies.
Dr. Mike Rahm:  Thanks Jim. Yes, we basically think that pipeline stocks remain very low. As I think someone noted earlier buyers remain cautious. We see no buildup of either phosphate or potash inventories in the global pipeline.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs:  What would prevent the same sort of takeoff, liftoff happening in potash that we saw in phosphate three months ago as those produced inventories come down as well?
Dr. Mike Rahm: Well, we’ve actually seen producer inventories come down, but what’s happening is that what is being moved from the producer into the pipeline is being positioned for end use. And it’s not for any sort of inventory build. Not much different from what many other sectors are seeing. It’s simply an end to the draw down of pipeline stocks and that in itself is very positive.
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs:  Jim, you mentioned that there’s some constraints from an inventory standpoint on phosphate. Would you characterize it as you will sell everything you can produce as we go through the summer here?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, going through the spring that is definitely the case. The tone amongst distributors is certainly in North America and mostly North America is they will hope 100% of their plan but they’re planning to meet 80%. So they’re not prepared to put product into the warehouses until farmers start buying the product. We expect that there will be, with the good planting season, there’s going to be strong demand throughout the spring season followed by Latin America. So we see certainly as far as the fourth quarter we’ll be producing as much as we can and we think there’ll be a tale into the summer months as Latin America and India start ramping up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets: Question on Esterhazy, we saw the brine mitigation cost increased to $45 million and you know what are your thoughts going forward? Are we going to see a continued ramp in cost there? What actually makes up the cost? Is that actually just routing? And maybe you can comment on what your current pumping capacity is there as well.
James T. Prokopanko: I’ll have Joc, our operations leader, take that question.
James C. O’Rourke: If we look at the first nine months of the year we spent approximately $108 million on water brine and flow management. We expect that will continue at about that same rate so $35 million a quarter, which is consistent I think with what we said last quarter. In terms of what makes up the cost there’s a number of things that make up the cost, from grouting to backfill to brine pumping to rehabilitation of old areas. There’s just a huge number of things that go into that, that make up the cost. So there’s not one specific cost that is there, you know, from pipelines, etc. So there’s a number of areas that go into the cost and that will vary from time to time, and they’ll vary as the flow varies from time to time as well. So you get both sides. Your last question was what do we expect going into the future and we expect this to stay at about the level it is. We see no reason why it’s going to go up, but it is a higher cost than it’s been in the past and we’ve said that before.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets:  Sorry, the last part of that question was actually what is the pumping capacity there currently?
James C. O’Rourke: We don’t disclose what either our pumping capacity or what our flow is.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets:  Just on the Canpotex potash volumes, obviously there’s fairly good visibility as far as what’s happening in China and India, but maybe you could comment a little bit about what’s happening in Southeast Asia and just how competitive those markets are and how Canpotex is faring on a historic basis.
James C. O’Rourke: The rest of Southeast, Southwest Asia, it’s going well. We’re seeing some good price support. Demand is at what I’d call historic levels. Any dip that we saw last year has been recovered from and we expect decent demand to continue through the balance of the year.
Jacob Bout - CIBC World Markets:  And the pricing in line with what you’re seeing in Brazil or?
James C. O’Rourke: Depending on the size of the purchase and the size of the contract. Sometimes there are smaller levels that we sell into some of those markets at higher pricing, but we see support of pricing fundamentals in those markets and we’re experiencing that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan: In the preliminary comments you made, you said that your ammonia costs had come down from roughly $450 a ton $415 and you indicated that they might fall further. Can you talk about your sense of why that might be the case and sort of the magnitude of what you might see over the next few months?
James C. O’Rourke: The ammonia prices are largely determined by higher cost production coming on particularly in the European market. They really determine the price. At the $400 price range those producers do come into the market again, which loosens up the supply demand balance and that’s really what’s driving it. So although we’ll see some price decrease, they won’t be great price decreases. They’re just minor to meet that balance.
Jeffrey Zekauskas - J.P. Morgan:  Secondly, DAP prices sort of crested at around $500 a ton and now they’ve come down to, I don’t know, $435, $470. Can you talk about the factors behind that and how you see DAP pricing over say the next six months?
James T. Prokopanko: We see that we’re just in a bit of a lull period here and as I said earlier dealers in the pipeline in North America, which is right ahead of us, is pretty much filled up in anticipation of the season. So we’ve gone into this quiet period until the product starts moving out, and I think at that point we’ll start seeing some demand pressure on the pricing. The factors impacting it have been the usual suspects, ammonia pricing and sulfur pricing. And those are two that, ammonia’s come off a bit and it’s provided a bit of a relief for margins going forward, and sulfur continues to be strong and we think there’s another period in the near term anyway of strengthening sulfur input costs. So I think that will be passed on through to the customer and at the end of the day it’s going to be that balance of supply and demand to the extent that they’re in balance that they are, the prices could be stable. If we see demand exceeding what the supply is, and I think there’s some potential for that flowing rate into North American spring, we’ll see some upward pressure. But spring planting season will largely drive that story.
Operator: Your next question comes from Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets: Jim, I’m just trying maybe to understand the guidance and your productive capacity per quarter. Can you maybe comment with respect to maybe start off with phosphate how much you can actually produce at normal rates I guess in the quarter?
James T. Prokopanko: This quarter we are facing a constraint in two areas. First we’re producing at about capacity, at the top end of our guidance range would be about quarterly capacity. We don’t have a large inventory to draw into going into the spring season as well as with sulfur, demand was there and if sulfur was available we could probably produce a little bit more. And I just mean, you know, marginally more. I think that was 2.8 was the top end of our guidance. That would be about production capacity for any quarter, without shutdowns and providing a normal inventory balance.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  And that 2.8 would probably include probably another 600,000 to 800,000 for what used to be the offshore distribution flowings? Is that right?
James T. Prokopanko: That’s correct, yes. You’re correct.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  So about 2 million tons of capacity then. And on the potash side is it same thing in terms of upper end? That’s where?
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, today prior to these expansions coming on line, both 2.5 would be the maximum quarterly production capacity.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  Larry, earlier you mentioned the operating leverage. I think you were referring to potash but I’m also curious about for phosphate, too. In terms of the leverage on a per ton basis by operating at normal rates, how much do you expect to save, I guess, versus this quarter?
James T. Prokopanko: In potash I think you’ll note in our 10-Q we actually attribute about a $200 million shortfall in operating profits due to lower production rates. And I think one way to look at it is if you go back in time and you look at times when we’re running at normal or high operating rates, so go back to the first half of fiscal 2009, I think the gross margins that you see in those timeframes are indicative of what you should expect as we get back to normal operating rates beginning in our fourth fiscal quarter. So that would give you some indication.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  And on the phosphate, same situation?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, it’s not quite the same because of the impact of raw material costs. And we’ve already talked about sulfur costs rising. Still suffice it to say that these plants are meant to be run all out and good things happen on the cost side when they do run all out. So we do expect a meaningful pickup in profitability in the fourth quarter as we get back to normal operating rates in the phosphate business as well.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  Do you have a financial type of number like similar to the potash?
James T. Prokopanko: Again it’s not as simple as in potash because of the interplay in raw materials. And so I think it might be best for you to work with Christine offline.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  I guess my last question is with respect to the Peru Bayovar project, is the way to think about the economic arrangement, you pay $385 up front and then you cover the cash cost of production, which I believe are about $30 per ton? Is that the way to think about it for the rock?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: The way to think about it is the all in cost of the rock that we will be utilizing will be very competitive with our existing Florida rock mines. In other words, the price will pay for the rock to the joint venture and the profits that we expect to enjoy as a joint venture partner taken together will mean that our landed cost of rock is very competitive with our Florida rock cost.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets:  I think the second part you maybe lost me there. I can understand where the profitability portion, but I’m thinking what you pay to the partner would you not just pay the cash cost of production to them at this point?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: No, because this is a joint venture with three different parties, because the joint venture will be selling rock in the merchant marketplace, we’ll be paying in effect a market price for that rock as a customer of the joint venture. That market price in effect will be subsidized by the benefits of being a joint venture owner or partner.
Operator: Your next question comes from Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse.
Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse: With regard to Bayovar rock assets and additional rock capacity you’ll have, how is that going to impact the way you run the phosphate business? Will you have the ability to increase your finished phosphate production or will you just balance the rock supply between the Peru site and your Florida mine?
James T. Prokopanko: It’s the latter point. We’ll just balance it with our two elements, mining and our external purchases. We mine, capacity to mine 17 million tons of rock a year. We purchase approximately 1.5 million tons of rock a year for various of our facilities. The Bayovar deposit and this investment will give us more security around access to rock, allow us to be more internally self sufficient on all our rock needs, and any one load of rock we’ll make the economic decision where is it best to go to? Should it displace some external purchases? What are the alternatives for that rock? But it will give us largely complete self sufficiency on our rock sourcing needs.
Elaine Yip - Credit Suisse:  On the Chinese phosphate market, with the unfavorable weather there and what we heard, weaker domestic fertilizer market, what are your expectations about when or if we might see increased exports from that market?
James T. Prokopanko: Elaine, I’m going to ask Rick McLellan, leader of our Commercial Operations, to tell you what’s happening with respect to China.
Richard N. McLellan:  You are right in China that the market is slow because of a colder than normal spring season and the expectation that we see is that the crop will go in the ground and the product that’s in the pipeline will get used up. And then if we look to export business after that, we’re in the range of 2 million to 2.5 million of DAP exports that probably will begin sometime in June, based on the tax system that’s in place, the export system.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint AmTech.
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint AmTech:  Jim, I have a question on phosphate and sulfur. Can you talk about the outlook for sulfur in terms of do you expect the tight supply constraint that we have right now to remain throughout the year? And if that does, how do you guarantee yourself in sulfur to operate at full capacity?
James T. Prokopanko: Joc, why don’t you take that question?
James C. O’Rourke: Right now or in the last couple months, because of the economic downturn, the actual refineries in the Gulf have been performing at about 80% of normal sort of rates. And that’s been structural in the U.S. refining markets for the last number of months. We do expect that as a lot of new capacity comes on, as the economy picks up, that will turn over and we’ll actually have excess supply of sulfur in a couple of years, but we’ve got to get through where we are today and then it’ll [inaudible] more to normal.
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint AmTech: So you do expect the high prices to remain for the whole year? Or will they come down by second half?
James T. Prokopanko:
 : This fiscal year and what we’re seeing the next quarter, we’ll be negotiating our prices in the next month, we expect that will happen. You know I guess the rest of the stuff is a little hard to predict at this stage but we see it softening up in time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  I’m wondering if we look out past the sort of spring application season in the U.S., what’s your sense or perception about what wholesalers or retailers are going to want to do with that point in terms of managing inventory? And I guess what I’m starting to think about is we haven’t really had a true fall application season in a couple of years and maybe we’re going to have another late planting season this year. Are you at all concerned that there could sort of be a lull in demand in that period of time because buyers might start to say well, I’m not sure how much I’m going to be able to sell in the fall and do I really want to hold inventory essentially into the following calendar year?
James T. Prokopanko:
 : Good morning, Vincent. This season without question dealers in North America want to finish the season, finish going into the spring planting season, with empty warehouses. The pain and suffering which the industry experienced 18 months ago and the whole world economy, the tone is still very cautious. People aren’t straying too far from home. And as I commented earlier, they’re hoping for 100% of budget and they’re planning for 80%. And we have expectations that there could be some tight spots of supply situations going into North America, but dealers aren’t too concerned about missing a sale. So we’re anticipating North America pipelines to be pretty well empty going into June. And then you’re right, there’s fall season right behind that and the pipeline and the dealers and the distributors are going to be watching closely what happens to the grain prices and what the mood of the farmers are and the economics are going into the fall season.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  And maybe just as a follow up to that, I mean, you know, when I look at sort of Brazilian farmer economics right now, you know the farmer’s getting hurt by the real and the lower soybean price. So you know is there any sort of sense on, and I know there’s a potash price increase trying to be implemented down there, particularly by some of the Russian producers. Any sense on where the farmer feels he is with current economics?
James T. Prokopanko: I’m going to turn that over to Mike Rahm and Rick McLellan to comment on farmer economics in Latin America. 
Dr. Mike Rahm: Yes, we’ve just updated our assessment of farmer economics. And I think you’re right in that compared to this year, the higher real and the lower soybean price is beginning to squeeze the Brazilian farmers, but on the other hand sugar cane economics look very good and corn economics are reasonable as well. So our expectation is that we’ll continue to see further increases in fertilizer use in Brazil. This year we’re projecting that total shipments will be about 23.5 million metric tons and as we get into 2011, we think that shipments will rival the peak of probably the 24.7 million tons that we saw in 2007.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  You obviously mean calendar ’11.
Ronald L. Nelson: I’ll just add on a bit to what Mike had to say. I just came back from Brazil last Thursday and the economic condition of the farmer is the best that we’ve seen in the last three years. They’ve got a big crop that they’re harvesting, they’re in position and a lot of fertilizer products for their next year’s planting as they take this crop off. So the conditions there are very positive for good demand for the rest of the calendar year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jason Miner for David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank.
Jason Miner for David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank:  So if you’re already somewhat inventory constrained in phosphate and you’re planning your production, I expect you’ll be closely watching as this potential second wave of demand shapes up here in North America. So my question is, as planting season begins here what sort of indicators are you going to be watching in the field to ascertain how strong this second wave I think you termed it might be?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, we’ll be getting our reports on what farmer intentions are and early signs are that farmers expect to fertilize their crops at what we’d call normal levels. They know that they had a big bumper crop last year, particularly with the corn crops. They know that has drawn down inventory levels so we’ll follow how farmers are applying and rate behind that we’ll listen to our phones ring for dealer calls to reload their warehouses in anticipation of the second wave. It happens all very quickly and the signals are loud.
Jason Miner for David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank:  Is there a crop waiting that matters more one way or another? I know corn may be more intensive, but is there an indicator there to watch?
James T. Prokopanko: You’re right, corn is the most intense and particularly in the piece of nitrogen. That impact is somewhat muted with phosphate and potash, which are corn use is a bit more than soybeans, but we’re seeing a good solid increase in the corn acres. It’s talking about close to 89 million acres I think. That’s up about 3 million acres from last year. We’re seeing bean acres to be up from the prior year and this is coming at the expense of wheat. So with those two, we expect strong crop nutrient demands, net year over year, just in terms of the crops that are being planted.
Jason Miner for David Begleiter - Deutsche Bank:  Just quickly shifting to the international markets, I wonder what you expect could be, if any, the longer term impact on DAP markets of India’s recent changes to its subsidy program?
James T. Prokopanko: Jason, the subsidies, you’re right, have just changed and I’m just thinking how to simply clarify them. There’s no simple way with the Indian crop [insertion] subsidy. But what it’s done is gone from a fixed price to farmers, floating price subsidy, to a fixed subsidy, floating price to farmers. This will allow market signals to better permeate the market. We think these are just solid changes the government’s making, headed in the right direction. They’re going to allow more leeway for fertilizer prices to increase at the farmer level. I think that’s very good, because the last ten years price of fertilizer to farmers has hardly changed at all. The result is that farmers aren’t getting the right market signals as far as how to grow their crops.  In our view, nitrogen’s been unduly subsidized, farmers are putting too much nitrogen on. The crops in India ought to balance with the phosphate and potash nutrient needs the crops have. So I think allowing more freedom and farmers seeing what is happening to the real cost of fertilizer, what that impact would be on the yields they produce will result in better balance and I think more food production in India. So we’re supportive. We think these are the right moves and I think at the end of the day this will result in increased potash and phosphate usage by the farmers, which if they don’t do that, their crop yields won’t increase and India will end up importing more grain that has to be grown in other parts of the world with more crop nutrients. I hope that makes some sense, Jason. It’s not a simple subject.
Christine Battist:  Operator, we’re nearing the top of the hour, so this will be our last call.
Operator: Your last question comes from Martin Lavigueur – Macquarie. 
Martin Lavigueur – Macquarie:  I wanted to ask you on the phosphate side you’d indicated that there could be an expansion coming to Bayovar to the second mine. Can you just give us an idea of how much that expansion could be and the timing? And then, you know, how you would treat that extra rock, if you would then become an exporter of phosphate rock or if your own processing plant capacity has grown by then if you could use it up?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener:  It’s premature to talk specifically about the expansion, so suffice it to say there are plans to expand that rock mine significantly. Not to double the production or anything of that magnitude, but a significant expansion. And we as I said earlier would gladly participate on a pro rata basis in that expansion to further the cause that we’ve talked about of supplementing our Florida rock reserves. And this is a decision that won’t be coming down the pike for another couple of years.
Martin Lavigueur – Macquarie:  I guess with this acquisition then, and with that expansion to come, can you comment on how long you expect to be fully integrated for in phosphates in terms of the rock?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, we expect to be fully integrated phosphate producer for as far as the eye can see, Martin. That’s the objective and we don’t see anything getting in the way of that.
Martin Lavigueur – Macquarie:  Okay. Thank you.
James T. Prokopanko: With that, we’ll conclude our Q&A session. The demand for nutrients to produce more food continues to expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thanks very much and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-01-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jim Prokopanko – President & CEO Dr. Mike Rahm – VP, Market Analysis & Strategic Planning Larry Stranghoener – EVP & CFO James O’Rourke – EVP Operations Rick McLellan – SVP, Commercial Manager Christine Battist – Director IR
Analysts:  PJ Juvekar – Citigroup Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan  Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher  Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley  Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee Jacob Bout – CIBC Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets  Don Carson - UBS Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch  Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities   
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company's fiscal 2010 second quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director, Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Christine.
Christine Battist: Welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2010 second quarter earnings conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market Analysis & Strategic Planning and other members of the Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The slides are available on our website and may enhance our discussion, but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call, and I'll send them to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but aren't limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, January 6, 2010, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.  Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited.  Recently Mosaic took the important step of issuing its first sustainability report. We followed the rigorous reporting standards of the Global Reporting Initiative and identified new goals going forward. In December, we reported that we realigned our segments.  We combined the offshore segment with the phosphate segment to more clearly reflect the company’s strategic direction. Our website includes recasted segment data for comparative analysis. If you have questions on interpreting and modeling the realigned phosphate segment, I’d be happy to talk with you and provide clarification after this call.  Our comments during the call reflect recast information for the phosphate segment.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Jim. 
Jim Prokopanko : Thank you Christine, good morning and Happy New Year. Following the year of challenging economic events and considerable economic uncertainty, I’m happy to say 2010 is beginning with greater clarity and direction in the markets we serve.  We are seeing encouraging signs of a return to confidence and optimism in the farm sector. Farmers are preparing to invest in the coming planting season and take advantage of the strong commodity outlook.  Mosaic is uniquely positioned as a leader, a leading supplier of both potash and phosphate products needed by grain, oilseed, and livestock producers worldwide. This unique pairing of nutrients will benefit our customers, our shareholders, and our employees.  Mosaic’s second quarter results showed improvement over first quarter performance. Market conditions improved for phosphate shipments and DAP prices firmed up. These positive factors were offset by guarded purchasing activity in potash, higher phosphate raw material costs than a quarter ago, and a $5 million pre-tax charge for write-off of certain assets.  Since the end of the second quarter we have seen DAP spot pricing march upwards. Although the potash markets remain soft, we expect stronger global nutrient demand for both potash and phosphate once we enter the Northern Hemisphere’s spring planting season.  Longer-term we’re confident that demand in both of our businesses will be strong as farmers continue to invest in increasing yields and meeting the growing demand for grains and oilseeds. We are delivering on our capital expansion plans to expand potash capacity and increase productivity and in turn, driving strong cash flow and enhancing shareholder value.  What we have learned time and again, is that we are in a cyclical business. And through the business cycles having two product lines has produced enhanced returns for our shareholders. Mosaic’s balanced portfolio of phosphate and potash is paying dividends. For example, over the past two years our cumulative operating profits in the phosphates and potash segments were comparable. Both businesses during this period generated robust results that have contributed to our strong balance sheet of today. Reinforcing both our confidence in the future and the solid foundation of Mosaic’s balance sheet our Board of Directors approved a special cash dividend of $1.30 per share in October. This distribution was not only a reflection of our strong cash position, it also underscored our optimistic long-term outlook for our future prospects and cash flows. We generated nearly $175 million in cash flow from operations this quarter despite weak potash shipments and lower selling prices throughout most of the quarter.  We expect to fund over $1 billion of capital spending this year primarily with operating cash flow, though most of this won’t come until our fourth quarter. Let me now highlight our business segment results as summarized on slide seven to be followed by an update on our outlook going into the spring season.  Potash markets are now gaining traction with some recent sales and we expect this trend to continue. Despite a soft market in the quarter potash gross margin was a healthy 43%, up from 37% sequentially.  Key factors impacting potash results this quarter compared to a quarter ago were 30% increase in sales volume, and higher production levels. North American shipments ticked up in the last month of the second quarter following higher than expected application rates as a result of favorable weather.  Producer potash inventory levels remained relatively high and we continue to operate at lower production levels, however, operating rates can be increased rapidly on the heels of increased demand.  Our phosphates business segment posted a 15% increase in sales volume compared to the first quarter. We saw strong demand from both Asia and the Americas. Operating earnings were down sequentially due to a $51 million write-off of certain assets, partially offset by higher sales volumes.  We were beyond the high end of our guidance range for volumes and within guidance range for prices under the prior basis of segment reporting. As I mentioned earlier, we’ve seen steady increases in spot pricing of phosphates, some of which we will capture in our third quarter.  Mosaic’s margin expansion in the third quarter may be constrained by higher raw material costs and the normal lag between our average realized prices and prevailing market prices. Now I’ll share some financial guidance for fiscal 2010 as summarized on slide eight.  For the third quarter of fiscal 2010 we estimate an average DAP selling price of $310 to $350 per tonne and total phosphate sales volume of 2.2 to 2.6 million tonnes. It is important to note that historically third quarter shipment levels are the lowest of the year due to seasonal demand patterns.  Until potash markets gather greater momentum we are not providing guidance on potash sales volumes or MOP selling prices. However, recent price reports indicate Russian and [Bella] Russian potash producers settled contracts in China at levels less than the average selling prices for the second quarter. We are confirming the guidance we previously shared on capital spending, SG&A and the effective tax rate as noted in the chart. With this as background, I’d like to turn the call over to Dr. Mike Rahm to provide some market outlook.  Many of you tell us we have the best understanding of market conditions around the world and we believe you will find this update valuable. 
Mike Rahm : Thank you Jim and good morning, during our last earnings call on October 6, we indicated that signs of a demand recovery were emerging. Phosphate sales had picked up and our assessment was that potash demand was on the brink of recovery.  A strong rebound was expected due to the improved outlook for the global economy, positive agricultural fundamentals, and the need to restock a bare distribution pipeline. We noted that the strength and the speed of the recovery depended on a number of largely unpredictable variables such as weather, macroeconomic developments, and government policies.  Since our last call a number of positive developments have occurred to bolster the likelihood of a strong demand recovery in 2010. First, agricultural commodity prices have staged another harvest rally. Slide 11 shows that 2010 new crop prices for corn and soybeans have increased about $0.55 and more than $1.35 per bushel respectively since our last earnings call.  This rally was not confined to just corn and soybeans, sugar prices have jumped more than 14% and palm oil prices have climbed 25%. Our sales teams from around the globe point to this rally as a key factor in turning market sentiment from cautious to confident regarding demand prospects.  A second surprise development was the weather, particularly in North America. An extremely wet and cold October delayed the North American harvest and most crop nutrient producers had written off the fall application season as farmers struggled to get crops out of the fields.  However ideal weather during November enabled most farmers to complete their harvest and salvage the fall application season. For example the US soybean harvest was 90% complete by November 8 and decent weather during the remainder of the month gave farmers a longer than expected window to apply P&K to harvested soybean grounds.  Slide 13 shows that phosphate and potash shipments during November were the largest so far this fertilizer year and nearly equaled or exceeded the three year average for this month. The combination of stronger than expected shipments and lower production due to plant turnarounds has resulted in a sharp draw down of our phosphate inventories.  We held just 420,000 metric tonnes of phosphate products in inventory at the end of December. That is the lowest month end total in the five year history of Mosaic. A third positive development was consistent reports of a recovery in P&K application rates throughout most of North America last fall.  Although application rate statistics are not available anecdotal reports and other statistics point to a recovery in rates to average or even above average levels. For example, in addition to strong November shipments, slide 15 indicates that the cost of crop nutrients measured in terms of the number of bushels of corn that a farmer would have to sell in order to pay for crop nutrients has declined to the low end of the recent historical range.  Early reports indicate that farmers have applied more normal rates of P&K this fall in response to a favorable grain crop nutrient price ratio. The fourth and maybe biggest surprise since our last call was China’s purchase of approximately 600,000 tonnes of DAP in November.  Phosphate demand in China remains strong underpinned by higher domestic commodity prices. In addition DAP has taken market share from other products such as [NPK] compounds. These base load sales helped to ease concerns about a seasonal slowdown following the completion of large shipments to India last fall.  Finally buyers in many parts of the world began to position phosphates for next spring. The combination of the above factors quickly changed expectations from prices will soften to prices have bottomed and that caused many distributors to position product for deferred applications.  For example, we shipped 15 unit trains from Central Florida to customers throughout North America in December and as of today we’re scheduled to ship a total of 28 unit trains in January and February.  The combination of these developments caused a surge in phosphate prices. Slide 18 shows that the price of DAP fob Tampa Vessel bottomed at about $280 per tonne during the first week of November. Since then the spot price has climbed from this low level to about $380 per tonne.  The recent price recovery has been impressive but keep in mind that not all of the increase falls to the bottom line due to actual or anticipated increases in raw material costs. Potash buyers however have remained cautious due to expectations of lower prices once the 2010 Chinese contracts were settled. As a result buyers sourced product on a hand to mouth basis or utilized no price established contracts to position product for nearby sales. Nonetheless potash has moved to meet end user demand. For example, in addition to strong North America shipments in November, imports by Brazil last August and September or prior to their peak application season were nearly in line with the high levels of 2007 and 2008. Given attractive farm economics and good demand prospects one consequence to this hand to mouth buying is extremely low inventories throughout the global distribution pipeline. The developments during the last 90 days have bolstered the outlook for the last half of our fiscal year, but the strength of the demand recovery still depends on several unpredictable variables. I will highlight what we view as the most important factors and indicate how we handicap them at this point. The first factor is agricultural commodity prices, agricultural commodities continue to trade at relatively high values and generate solid farm returns for most crops around the globe.  As we noted during our last call, high prices reflect the fact that global grain and oilseed stocks still are not at secure levels despite back to back bend busting harvests. Slide 22 shows that a supply shock in 2010 would cause stocks to drop to levels that likely would produce disruptive spikes in many agricultural commodity prices.  Futures markets appear to agree with that assessment and our signaling farmers to keep their foot on the accelerator. Weather obviously is one of the key drivers and markets will try to figure out during the next few months the extent of field losses for the 5% or so of the US corn crop still in the field as well as the size of the upcoming Southern Hemisphere harvest.  In addition other drivers such as the value of the dollar, the price of oil, and the strategies of commodity fund managers will continue to play an equal if not greater, role in determining agricultural commodity prices. A second factor to watch is how quickly and how much potash demand responds to the recent decline in prices.  We all have read recent industry news about the long awaited and much anticipated settlement between China and the Russian and Bella Russian potash producers. Our assessment is that this will set a general floor for potash prices and has provided the marketplace with the price discovery that it has been seeking.  The unprecedented drop in shipments last year has resulted in very low channel inventories and suggests there is large pent up demand. We believe this event coupled with attractive commodity prices will be the catalyst to get product moving again.  A third factor we’re monitoring is government policies, especially in key countries such as China. For example China recently announced its phosphate export policy for 2010 and this year’s policy is not materially different from last year’s policy.  Strong domestic demand combined with high export taxes from February through May are expected to limit phosphate exports from China during the first half of 2010. A final factor worth watching is the potential for pinch points throughout the North American supply chain later this spring.  Our analysis shows that suppliers of the most widely used dry fertilizer products will need to ship near record tonnage during the first half of 2010 in order to meet even a moderate rebound in demand. I realize that suppliers warn of a potential of logistical bottlenecks every year, but the likelihood of pinch points is elevated this year. Stock outs could occur depending on the strength of the demand recovery, how much product moves during the next 45 days, and how quickly and orderly the spring season opens up in just a few short weeks.  In conclusion, prospects for phosphate and potash markets look increasingly positive at this point. We project a strong recovery in global demand and shipments this calendar year due to relatively high agricultural commodity prices, positive farm economics, and the need to restock a bare distribution channel.  The phosphate market is expected to remain tight especially during the first half of 2010. Producer stocks are extremely low levels today and reports indicate that many producers have committed production for the next 60 to 90 days. Peak Northern Hemisphere demand is still ahead of us and a strong uptick in Southern Hemisphere buying is expected to follow by mid year. The potash market is projected to come into balance during the first half of 2010.  We expect that the recent decline in potash prices will unleash large pent up demand from all corners of the globe. In particular we forecast that global myriad of potash shipments will increase to 47 to 50 million tonnes in 2010 compared to about 32 million tonnes in 2009.  As a result North American producer stocks are projected to continue to trend downward due to the strong rebound in domestic and offshore shipments and inventories likely will drop to average or even below average levels by mid year.  Jim, back to you. 
Jim Prokopanko: Thanks Mike, to wrap up I’d like to recap a few points. Our confidence in Mosaic’s long-term outlook has not waivered. Farmer economics are strong in the Americas and Asia. Farmers are getting a great return on their investment in crop nutrients and as the global population continues to increase, there is little doubt that food security will rank among the world’s highest priorities.  We are encouraged by recent market trends and the growing sense of confidence amongst our many customers. Demand has picked up in phosphates and we expect potash will soon follow. Once confidence is gained, demand will improve. Potash tonnes will move and the market will tighten.  Though we can’t predict exactly when this will occur we are quite certain that farmers will replenish depleted potash levels in the soil. These trends will result in gradually improving financial performance through the remainder of fiscal 2010. We expect to finish the fiscal year on a strong note in our fourth quarter which will provide significant momentum as we move into fiscal 2011. We are committed to value creation and our strategic plans. Being a producer and marketer of both potash and phosphate, gives us a strong and unique advantage. Long-term fundamentals remain in tact due to continued demand for food, feed, and fuel. We are now ready for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar – Citigroup
PJ Juvekar – Citigroup: A couple of questions on potash, can you talk about why hasn’t Canpotex settled yet with China and what is Canpotex looking for. 
Jim Prokopanko: I’m surprised that’s our first question, well quite simply we don’t have a meeting of the minds on what the fundamentals, forward fundamentals are on potash. Canpotex and the Canadian producers have one view that it’s a stronger and tightening market than the Chinese see it at. We’re not prepared to meet the kind of price expectations the Chinese have and we continue to discuss and negotiate a contract and we feel evermore confident over the last weeks given indications of what’s happened in international markets and demand for potash. It continues to remain strong and strengthening. 
PJ Juvekar – Citigroup: And just as a follow-up what are your expectations for the Indian contract that comes for renewal in March, 2010.
Jim Prokopanko: Its March, April that that contract with the Indians are due. We expect that some time soon before March, likely in February or the next few weeks we’ll get interest from the Indians and they have no production as you know, and we expect their demand needs will be what they were in the past years and likely higher.  So we’re optimistic that we’re going to see a good demand pull and that would be going into a strengthening market. 
PJ Juvekar – Citigroup: I’m sorry, I was talking about price and you think Indian contract will be similarly priced to the Chinese contract. 
Jim Prokopanko: We’re not prepared to do business with the Chinese at the current price expectations and the current history of what’s been negotiated with other suppliers, so I just don’t see that price being reflective of what’s going to happen in the new year.  I’ll just add one thing to that, with some reduced demand expectations in China, its certainly the ones that are being reflected by the Chinese and communicated by the Chinese, and some modestly improved production volumes, China is in demand on the world’s potash market is not what it used to be and I just don’t see that as being influential with world pricing going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan : Just to continue on potash for a moment, do you think that an agreement with Canpotex or whether an agreement is or isn’t signed is something that needs to be clarified before other potash suppliers negotiate agreements with China. 
Jim Prokopanko:  Simple answer to that, no I don’t think we need that. The price that’s been established between the Chinese with other producers have set I think a bottom and we are now seeing interest at prices higher then that so, I don’t see that Canpotex China contract is going to have much of an impact going forward. 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan : Secondly in the phosphate area, did you absorb extra costs from the higher levels of water at Esterhazy and going forward when you talk about higher raw materials, is it sulfur that you mean in particular. 
Jim Prokopanko: I’m going to let our CFO, Larry Stranghoener address the question on the cost absorption on the brine and then turn it over to James O’Rourke, our Senior Vice President for Operations to touch on the raw material costs. 
Larry Stranghoener : With respect to the brine inflow which of course is in the potash business segment, we spent just over $35 million in the second quarter which was up marginally versus $28 million in the first quarter. We did have an elevated level of brine inflow during the quarter, this happens from time to time, its something that we have proved to be able to manage effectively and we’re doing so again this time. 
James O’Rourke : In terms of raw materials we see our three probably biggest raw material costs were ammonia, sulfur and natural gas. We’re seeing some midterm tightness in ammonia. Suffer is probably the one that has the largest impact in terms of the market is quite tight right now, both the international market and the North American market.  And so we do expect to see some increases in that. And then natural gas particularly right now with the winter conditions here in the US, we’re seeing the forward curve in [inaudible] costs of natural gas are going up. So we see sort of a broad reasonable increase in raw material costs. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher : Quick question on DAP prices, the upsurge recently, are there any concerns at all about potential demand destruction if prices rise too fast and especially given what happened last year. 
Jim Prokopanko: Certainly at today’s phosphate and generally all nutrient prices and given the foreign [bean] wheat prices that we’re seeing and other commodities, we see fertilizer being very, very affordable. This is down to some historic lows in terms of the total cost of farmers’ production costs.  So we don’t see any demand destruction occurring at the currently priced product pricings and we think there’s potential certainly for the farmers to absorb higher costs. We’d like them to be as prosperous as possible and, so simply no, we don’t see demand destruction occurring.  Now if we start seeing some run ups to the sort of torrid levels of a year and a half ago, that’s another question. 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher : Now a follow-up on phosphate, in the past, we [soon] see 2 million, 2.1 million tonnes of phosphate volumes as normal for you, but now the folding of offshore into phosphates, what should we regard as the new normal in terms of volumes for that segment. 
Jim Prokopanko: Rick McLellan, our Commercial Manager can address that. 
Rick McLellan :  As we look into Q3 because I think that’s what you’re asking about, the volume with the new segment that we’re planning on shipping or the ranges that we have, is very close to what if you look at the recast segments, very close to what we did in Q3 two years ago.  So I think that if you look, you’ve got to remember Q3 is going to be the lowest quarter that we have, and that’s, and so for this quarter coming forward you’ve seen our ranges. So the expectation is take a look back at the recast numbers and that will give you a good idea going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs : I was just wondering if you could help me reconcile the $370 DAP price with the guidance in the third quarter for $310 to $350.
Rick McLellan : That is always a question when we move into markets that are moving up. We sell into moving markets so that we’ve got a book of business on that reflects moving into it and we always trail spot pricing and this is, if you look back, this is what’s happened in previous quarters that we’ve had price moves like this and so its very consistent. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs : And just following up on that last question on the volume side with phosphate, when you’re looking back two years ago, that 2.2 to 2.6 is that comparable to the 1.9 in February of 2008.
Rick McLellan : You have to go back and look at the recast segments rather than the, is that 1.9—
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs : I think that’s what I’m looking at. 
Christine Battist: The 1.9 was in a year that was seasonally low, that was when demand was falling off. 
Rick McLellan : Yes, and the number was 2.6.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : How much, you’re expectations for potash picking up and for it sounds like you think price is going to firm up or its already firming up, how much of that is perception relative to how much of it is your actual order book and how quickly your order book is shaping up, in terms of Canpotex desire not to settle with China right now. 
Jim Prokopanko: I can’t say much at all about what is on, in discussions with Canpotex and our various international customers, but its encouraging. We are seeing other customers show a determination and willingness to commit to product at prices above the recently agreed to China BPC pricing. So its coming along and getting the timing down to this month, next month is a little tricky but we’re not seeing a lot of resistance to higher prices. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : And then just as a follow-up to that for Mike, a lot of the demand recovery is predicated on very attractive farmer economics which are on one hand a function of higher corn and soybean prices and then on the other hand also a function of lower fertilizer prices, so in your view what’s the risk from here that we lose the favorable commodity prices. What could happen over the next couple of months that would derail that part of the story. 
Mike Rahm : That’s certainly one of the key factors that we’re watching. I think one, obviously the world has rebuilt stocks to more comfortable levels than a couple of years ago. The Southern Hemisphere harvest is one of the factors that could swing things.  But I think it’s the generally favorable global economic outlook and the bit of improvement maybe in the livestock sectors bode well for demand going forward as well as the higher energy prices and the demand going into the bio fuels refineries around the world.  So I think what futures markets are telling us, best bet or the best guess at this point and things continue to look very favorable. You look at closing prices yesterday, new crop corn at [$4.45], new crop soybeans at [$10.23], sugar prices at over $0.27 a pound, palm oil prices at [$2,600] plus ringgits per metric tonne.  Those are all very high and favorable prices and that certainly is the most important factor as far as farmer economics right now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee
Mark Connelly – Sterne, Agee: Two closely related questions, you’ve spoken very candidly in the past about the difficulty of having visibility into the DAP pipeline, and I’m curious what your relative confidence is in the visibility of what’s actually going on in that pipeline today. And the second question is you mentioned reluctance of distributors to carry inventory of potash and I’m curious are you seeing that starting to shift. Are distributors starting to relax a little bit about inventories yet.
Jim Prokopanko: Well the two components of the visibility of the pipeline, we know the producer stocks and through trade associations, that’s pretty clear and Mike I think adequately captured well the low levels that we are and in the case of Mosaic, historically low levels we have in producer stocks.  The pipeline going forward into warehouses and distributions, it is low. There’s no formal reporting of that but we have sales staff and marketing staff that are travelling the country and they see the warehouses and over the last six weeks or so, eight weeks, we have seen dealers begin to position products.  And we’re not to full stocks by any means yet, or the pipeline isn’t fully charged, so we’ve got a ways to go yet. Is it one quarter full, one half full, its tough to say. I’d say its less than half full and there is a lot of product that has yet to move between now and a planting season and fertilizer season getting started.  So we do see a diminished pipeline and we’re not running into plugged warehouses as far as moving product. You asked the next question on potash, until the, in North America dealers have been waiting to see what happens in China, that’s been the [bell weather] deal to happen before dealers and distributors got comfortable with what direction we may head.  I think two things have happened, one a price has been put in, a very low price on potash and I think the sense now is with strengthened commodity prices, there’s a feeling that there’s more upside in the material costs and the fertilizer costs then there is downside so we are, after the holiday break that we just have gone through and people just getting back to work, we’re starting to get calls in and people are prepared to make decisions about their potash pricing and the potash orders for the spring season.  But we expect, and that’s part of the reason why we’re reluctant at this point to give any guidance, we just haven’t had the sort of solid book of orders show up just yet, but this is all three, four week old news and it will come in the couple weeks ahead. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jacob Bout – CIBC
Jacob Bout – CIBC: A couple of questions here on potash, maybe you can talk a little bit about what you’re seeing as far as Brazilian potash demand. 
Rick McLellan : In Brazil, if you think about, the best way to look at it is last year coming out of December, Brazil had just over two million tonnes of inventory in the system, the whole distribution system. The latest kind of numbers that we look at show that being less than 600 and probably closer to 400,000 tonnes.  And so that is about as empty as anyone in this marketplace has seen it. So again its not if, its when they come back into the market to restock themselves to meet their demand. But this is counter cyclical to North America so their real demand is going to come in that April forward period, their real need. 
Jacob Bout – CIBC: Maybe just a couple of questions on Esterhazy, maybe you can talk a little bit about your K3 and K4 expansion and just an update there and what potash price you would, at what potash price would you not go ahead with this project.  
Jim Prokopanko: We’ve not given a lot of direction on individual projects. We have in the case of the potash expansion plans, we’ve announced broadly what our expansion goals are. We have about 12 individual projects for expansion that will take upwards of 10 years to get fully online. We are continuing to pursue all the projects as to the extent we’ve discussed in the past and continue to look at that on a regular and very periodic basis of where we may pull back or what we might accelerate.  But right now we’ve not made any decisions to pull back on any of the projects we’ve addressed. Your question about pricing, and what impact that’s going to have, these prices are volatile, this business as I keep saying is cyclical and at this point we are not seeing anything on the horizon saying that there’s been a fundamental change to the world S&D on potash and we feel that we’ll continue these projects.  The numbers that we’ve thrown out in the past have been the new green field project, is going to cost something in the range of $2,000 a tonne, that’s probably conservatively and would require a $600 a tonne pricing level into perpetuity to get a return on that investment and we think brown fields are $1,000 to $1,200 a tonne and that’s going to take something just under $300 a tonne to justify a return on those investments.  So I hope that gives you some kind of bounds of what we’re thinking and what the economic returns are to either of those kind of projects. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets 
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets : You had some commentary about higher feed stock costs for phosphate ammonia sulfur, and I’m just wondering do you see the additional cost push pressure on pricing for DAP, higher prices even about what you talked about for January because of the rising cost environment. 
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, I think James touched on it, we see the greatest pricing pressure in the sulfur markets and that is something that traditionally and historically is passed on in the price of the phosphates and I expect that will continue. We are advantaged in North America that we’re paying lower costs than the Asian markets are or the Latin American markets for our sulfur being close to many of the sulfur producers.  So we see an advantage there versus global competition and to the extent that sulfur prices go up I think that’s going to be pretty close dollar for dollar transferred to the price of the product that we sell. 
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets : So you don’t see the current DAP price doesn’t fully reflect the rising cost pressure then, now the last time, well we’ve seen this before where also when we saw higher ammonia and higher sulfur prices, phosphate rock exporters saw that as an opportunity to raise their prices as well which turned out to be beneficial for Mosaic, is that something similar that you’re seeing happening heading into the spring this year. 
Jim Prokopanko: That’s a potential, we don’t sell rock. We buy a little bit ourselves and I’d anticipate with the rising phosphate market, those that do produce and sell rock would look for an opportunity to increase the price on rock as well. An increasing phosphate market will, that tide will rise that boat as well. 
Fai Lee – RBC Capital Markets : On the brine inflow, in terms of the $35 million in Q2 do you expect that to come down a bit going forward or just remain at that level for next couple of quarters. 
James O’Rourke : We really expect that cost to remain fairly flat over the next few quarters. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson - UBS
Don Carson - UBS: Question going back to potash, I think in the Q you actually mention that in, you slipped some guidance in there, you said in Q3 you expect potash prices to be down sequentially, how far is down. And I guess the question on Brazil would be are you seeing price pressure in Brazil because of the Chinese settlement. I think they would agree with your assessment that China is not the biggest buyer anymore. Brazil is a large importer and China is buying on a landed basis so they’re not taking freight risk anymore, both reasons for Brazil to get as good a price as China. So I’m wondering is the Canpotex refusal to do business at 350 landed in China really an attempt to maintain the nice spot premiums that you’re seeing in Brazil and as well as in the US where obviously you sell individually. 
Jim Prokopanko: I would say on the potash pricing we are, refusal to meet the Chinese price expectations is reflective that we see the current market as being stronger than that. That we are able to find customers willing to pay higher prices and no point in lowering it for the Chinese business, particularly as small as it is potentially this year.  But we see the market, global markets, North America and international going beyond what the Chinese price is. We’ve made some sales as recently as yesterday in North America at prices higher than that and we find international customers willing to pay more than what the Chinese negotiated, whatever it is that they’ve negotiated with the [EPC].  So we’re going forward looking for higher pricing in potash. 
Don Carson - UBS: So is pricing holding in Brazil at that $400 landed level and can you comment on your new price list in the US. I know one of your competitors posted about a 430 metric tonne equivalent.
Rick McLellan : What kind of pricing we’re seeing in Brazil, we’re seeing business close. Canpotex hasn’t closed any yet but we’re seeing business close there at that 400 level and so that seems to be a number that’s acceptable.  In North America we came out with a program on Monday that’s market competitive, put it in front of our customers on Monday and as you know, our customers have just come through the holiday season, a relatively robust prepayment season from their customers, and they’re just getting their heads back trying to understand what’s going on in all the markets.  But we feel that the kind of global price discovery and these prices that fit well for both the dealer and the farmer customer, that we’re going to get uptick and as Jim said, we continue to see customers coming in and buying. We’re still in transition, but we expect that that’s going to continue on into January. 
Don Carson - UBS: And can you clarify the comment about how you expect potash prices to be down sequentially in Q3, how far is down. 
Rick McLellan : I’ll just answer it in the fact that we look at Q3 as a potash market in transition and that’s why we haven’t given price guidance and it would be unfair for me to even provide some right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : Your competitors in India and China are certainly [putting] a lot more for sulfur than you are now, but expecting that sulfur market in the US Gulf to tighten up, can you put a range of your expectations of where your sulfur contract price will be in the first calendar quarter. 
Jim Prokopanko: Sorry, I’m not going to be able to cooperate with you on that question. We’re in the midst of negotiation on that so we’re not about to play our card now and while we’re talking to suppliers and just can’t help you out. Market is tightening, we recognize that, we see some international pricing and the next few weeks will tell. 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : Well if the Indians and the Chinese are paying $130 a tonne or more do you at least expect to maintain an advantage. 
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, absolutely. Being as close as we are to the domestic producers, handling a molten products, being able to be there with long-term demand expectations, we do get a considerable advantage. 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : And when do you expect to work through that high cost sulfur contract that you secured from Canada back in 2008, are you nearly through that. 
Jim Prokopanko: By the end of the third quarter we’ll be done.
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : And then can you comment on maybe where and what product you think that the supply chain delivery constraints are most likely to be pinched. 
Mike Rahm : We looked at the four main dry products, urea, DAP, MAP and potash, and there are a couple of other smaller ones in there. What’s interesting if you look at shipments in July through December of 2009, they were actually less than the previous year so all of the increase that we’re projecting in demand really needs to be shipped in the first half of 2010. And of those products, the phosphate products have returned to a bit more normal shipments and its really the potash and the dry nitrogen products that have the largest shipments ahead of them. 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : And then can one of you characterize this roughly one million tonnes of additional volume that you’re now lumping into the phosphate segment that presumably you don’t have producer economics on, what is it and where are you sourcing it. 
Rick McLellan : Those tonnes are the international distribution tonnes and they’re sourced both from ourselves and others but the, if you want to think about the margins on those, its around 3% to 5%, 3% to 7% with an average of 5%. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken - Cleveland Research
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Couple of questions, first question is with respect to China and their buying in November, do you think that at this point the Chinese market is fairly balanced or what are you expectations for net Chinese phosphate in 2010 and then my second question relates to the loss that you had in your earnings of affiliates and when you would expect that to return to profitability. 
Jim Prokopanko: China is as ever unpredictable and frankly surprised us when they did come back to the market, came into the market for phosphates given a couple of years of export history. We think, we see that as an anomaly. Its fairly well balanced to exportable balances available in China.  There was two things that contributed to that, one is the product mostly went into mostly the Northern parts of China. China produces and mines its phosphates in the South and the logistics were advantaged just to send it by ship from other locations to their tide water ports in the North. That happens time to time. The other piece was with the NPK compound producers in China, they pulled back high potash values. Farmers weren’t prepared to put up potash on their fields and they stopped producing and farmers were prepared to buy phosphate in place of NPK’s and so you had this sort of unusual set of circumstances contribute to a 600,000 tonne import and we don’t have that in our grid going forward. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: So just to clarify that, so in terms of like if you were looking out for 2010 do you have any sort of estimate for net Chinese DAP and MAP trade. 
Mike Rahm : Our expectation is that basically the Chinese net exports will be roughly in line with what they were in 2009 however we don’t think there will be a whole lot coming out the first half of the year due to the fact that domestic demand has been so strong and more of that is backend loaded.  But with the way demand is shaping up, when we see peak, Southern Hemisphere demand come to the market and the large Asian demand shipping in the same period we think there will be room for those tonnes in the marketplace second half of the year. For a number, 2.5 million tonnes of DAP MAP net exports plus or minus a couple hundred thousand tonnes is what we would use. 
Rick McLellan : With [Phosphorteel] we’re an investor so it would be wrong for me to give any kind of forward look for them. So I would encourage a discussion with [Phosphorteel] although looking at overall phosphate businesses, like our own, we expect improvement. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities : You talked about potash pricing has come up quite a bit and I’m going to try to ask the question a little bit differently, do you see differentials in the various markets against China expanding or contracting on a go forward basis. 
Jim Prokopanko: I’m not clear, what do you mean differentials going forward. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities : Let’s assume for example that North America has always sold, I’ll just make it up for now, $100 a tonne differential versus China, on a go forward basis given whatever China is going to settle, do you see those differentials and let’s say a North America, a Brazil, a Southeast Asia, see those differentials changing up or down. 
Jim Prokopanko: Okay, China has been a very good and continues to be or has until recently been a very good customer. In many regards they appreciate the quality of the Canadian product, they are not as predictable as they are in their demand and nor are they buying at the scale that they have in the past.  That was one reason why China would often get a preferred pricing. They bought large volumes, predictable, evenly distributed over the year. For various reasons they’re not continuing to operate with those attributes and so I just don’t see that the Chinese are going to be able to justify premium pricing or discount pricing given their reduced volumes and their unpredictability in terms of their annual or quarterly take.  So I think that it’s a loss of a discount into that market. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities : And then secondly, on North America you’ve made some very positive comments about inventory demand, interest, and all that, how do I square that with the fact that one of your competitors dropped the North America price, at least for the first two months of this calendar year quite significantly. Can you help me reconcile those two sets of facts. 
Jim Prokopanko: You’re talking about potash. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities : Right. 
Jim Prokopanko:  Well the producers have a large inventory, very large inventories at our production facilities or warehouses and we’re going to, we’re at a point now as we experienced with phosphate, we are going to find the market clearing price and we think that the kind of prices we’re quoting now will be that market clearing price in North America.  We recognize that, we’ve taken action on that and it is still a handsome price for producers given what we’ve seen two and three years ago, not what it was a year ago and that was an anomaly. So I think there’s going to be a period where we clear out the inventories, demand recovers, farmers have to replace their potash levels in their soils, whether its this year or between this year and next year, and it will be back to a more balanced time to supply and demand scenario. 
Mike Gulley – Soleil Securities : I was hoping to get the return of a variable cost numbers for corn and soy in your presentation, I think you might have left that out. This is more of an observation than a question, but clearly a lot of the good ROVC we’re going to see this coming year is due to lower fertilizer prices, not so much to higher crop prices. If fertilizer prices do advance the way that seems to be the theme on this call, wouldn’t that have a fairly big impact on farmer profitability for the 10 crop. 
Mike Rahm : I think when you look at the farmer economic, I don’t have the numbers right in front of me, but I think return over variable cost right now for a high yield Midwest farm operation for corn is somewhere in that 380 plus range. And in terms of the improvement certainly compared to a couple of years ago, there’s certainly been an impact with lower commodity prices, but if you take current new crop prices of 445, subtract our a normal basis, part of that, a significant part of that improvement is in terms of higher prices compared to the lower values that we’ve seen earlier.  Certainly the drop in energy, the drop in some of the chemicals, the drop in fertilizer prices, certainly that drop in input costs is a big factor. Seed costs are probably the one exception to that but the whole bundle of crop input has improved that.  In terms of where prices go and what kind of increase might be in store, I think we’ve indicated we don’t see a return to the extraordinarily high levels of two years ago. So certainly there may be some adjustments. We’re seeing phosphate prices increase, a recalibration of some of the potash prices. The number in terms of the cost of fertilizer for this kind of operation is sort of in that $85 to $90 per acre range and its been in that range for quite a while and that is down from about $145 a year ago and two years ago.  So it certainly helped and bottom line is with where commodity prices are and input costs are, we believe farm economics, not only for corn and soybean but for many crops around the globe are just fine. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Jim Prokopanko: With that we’ll conclude our question-and-answer session and thank you all for your considerable interest. The demand for nutrients to produce more food will inevitably expand. The world is not getting less hungry. With our balanced portfolio, and strong competitive position, Mosaic is well situated to create value for our shareholders, and customers for years to come.  Again thank you, have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-10-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jim Prokopanko – President & CEO Dr. Mike Rahm – VP, Market Analysis & Strategic Planning Larry Stranghoener – EVP & CFO Rick McLellan - SVP, Commercial Manager Christine Battist – Director IR 
Analysts:  Don Carson - UBS Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley  Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch  Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs  Michael Piken - Cleveland Research Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan  Dave Silver – UBS  
Presentation: 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company's fiscal 2010 first quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Christine.
Christine Battist: Welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2010 first quarter earnings conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market Analysis & Strategic Planning and other members of Mosaic’s senior leadership team. We will be using presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The slides are available on our website and may enhance our discussion, but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call, and I'll send them to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but aren't limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, October 6, 2009, and are subject to risks and uncertainties.  Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited.  Now I'll turn the call to Jim.
Jim Prokopanko : Good morning and thank you for joining us. Our results this quarter demonstrated sequential improvement over the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 while reflecting continued short-term dislocations in the crop nutrient market, a theme which will likely continue into and through the second quarter.  Our confidence in the long-term outlook for the industry is unwavering. We continue to execute strategic plans that will drive strong cash flow and shareholder value. I will start by highlighting a few items from our quarterly results, then I’ll provide an update on our financial guidance.  Mosaic continues to maintain a strong balance sheet with $2.6 billion in cash providing ample financial flexibility. We generated $172 million in cash flow from operations this quarter despite weak potash shipments and a recovering phosphate market.  We still expect to fund over $1 billion of capital spending this year with operating cash flow. Though most of the cash flow won’t come until the second half of the fiscal year. Business segment results are summarized on slide five. Like many of you, we expected potash sales volumes would have returned to more normal levels by now.  Market conditions continue to evolve and until this environment changes, we will continue to sell lower volumes and operate at less then optimal production rates. Despite these factors, potash operating earnings this quarter were still healthy at nearly a 30% margin.  Potash sales volume increased modestly from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 while the overall average selling price for MOP declined. This reflects marketplace price discovery completed during the quarter with major buyers in India and Brazil. The [Capotex] contracted price for India was $460 per tonne CFR, and adjusting for freight and loading net backs to about $365 per tonne FOB Saskatchewan. Our phosphate segment posted improved results from the fourth quarter. And the average selling price and sales volumes were within the guidance ranges we provided.  Its encouraging to see volumes rebound to year ago levels and our inventory levels decline. Gross margins improved to 14% this quarter and we expect further modest improvement in margin in fiscal 2010. Offshore results improved, as we expected, posting a modest gross margin. We anticipate seeing further improvements in offshore results as we move into the high season in several countries where we do business.  We are also making progress on our strategy to more tightly integrate our offshore business with our production units. Now I’ll share some financial guidance for fiscal 2010 as summarized on slide six.  We estimate an average DAP selling price of $265 to $305 per tonne in the second quarter of fiscal 2010 and phosphate sales volumes of 1.8 to 2.2 million tonnes. Until potash market conditions stabilize we are not providing guidance on potash sales volume or MOP selling prices.  We are confirming the guidance we previously shared on capital spending and SG&A as noted in the chart. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2010 is now estimated to be in the high 20% range, down from our prior guidance.  At Mosaic we are managing effectively through this period of weak results with our attention focused firmly on long-term value creation. Mosaic faces extraordinary opportunity given agricultural market dynamics, and we have the right people, assets, and strategy to drive strong results over the next few years.  No where is the potential greater then in potash. Despite near-term uncertainties the long-term potash outlook remains highly attractive for us due to robust demand prospects, as well as our position as an industry leader.  The cost to develop new capacity is high, and established players like Mosaic have a distinct advantage over potential start-ups and new entrants to the industry. Mosaic owns enough mineral reserves to run our Saskatchewan mines for the next 100 years.  We can develop new brownfield capacity at a substantially lower cost then greenfield projects. Indeed we are now executing a multi billion dollar, multi phased expansion plan at our three large scale mines in Saskatchewan.  These projects will increase our annual capacity to nearly 17 million tonnes by 2020. This capacity also includes at no cost, the impending reversion of 1.3 million tonnes of potash currently being supplied to a third party under its holding agreement.  In the cash of phosphates, Mosaic produces more new crop nutrient and animal feed products then any other company in the world by a wide margin. We rank amongst the lowest cost producers in the industry today due to the tight vertical integration of our phosphate rock mining and processing operations, the large scale of our mines and chemical plants, and the important location advantages we have in Florida and Louisiana.  In addition, our offshore distribution network allows us to ship product to key markets around the world on our own time lines affording increased production flexibility, and a greater ability to match supply with varying seasonal demand.  A key component of our phosphate strategy is to cement our competitive advantage for the next decade and beyond through a stepped up and focused effort on cost reduction and operational excellence.  Of course Mosaic doesn’t operate in a vacuum. Global market conditions support or value creation plans. There is evidence of economic recovery around the globe, which reinforces the bullish long-term food story.  An important but not well understood fact, is that the bountiful yields expected in North America this fall are in sharp contrast to grain and oilseed reductions and challenges in other regions. We believe this is an ideal time for Dr. Mike Rahm to provide a market outlook covering this point amongst others.  At Mosaic we have the best understanding of market conditions around the world and believe you will find this update valuable and compelling. 
Mike Rahm : Thank you Jim and good morning. It’s a pleasure to share with you some of our insights about the agricultural and crop nutrient outlook on this call. Certainly the magnitude of the drop in phosphate and potash shipments last year surprised everyone.  However we’re beginning to see signs of a recovery from this deep decline. Phosphate demand clearly has picked up during the past several months, and our assessment is that potash demand is on the brink of a recovery.  The beginning of the recovery is evidenced in several metrics that Jim highlighted from our first quarter and we expect momentum will continue to pick up during the remainder of our fiscal year. Several factors are fueling the demand recovery.  The first is the expected upturn in the global economy. A leading macroeconomic forecasting company declared last month that the Great Recession was over. They estimate that the global economy grew slightly in the second quarter of 2009 due to strong upturns in key Asian economies and less severe declines in many developed economies including the United States.  As you see from slide 11 after contracting 2.2% this year, the global economy is forecast to grow 2.5% in 2010 or at a rate only slightly less then the compound annual growth rate since 1990. Growth is expected to accelerate after 2010 to about the same fast pace as earlier this decade.  The large and rapidly developing countries in Asia are leading the way. As you can see from slide 12 it looks like China will exceed its target GDP growth rate of 8% in 2009 and then hit double-digit growth in 2010 before reaching a steady state rate of about 9% per year.  The outlook for the Indian economy continues to improve and economies in other Asian countries also are expected to grow at higher rates due in part to the recoveries in China and India. Strong and steady growth in the developing world is expected to stress the world’s capacity to provide the basic resources needed to feed, clothe, house, and power a growing and more affluent population in these regions.  The upturn in the global economy is indeed a good sign for crop nutrient demand as well as for other basic materials industries. A second factor driving the recovery is the positive outlook for production agriculture.  Back to back bumper crops have built global grain and oilseed stocks and calmed agricultural commodity markets. However our analysis indicates that global stocks still are not at a secure level and farmers cannot afford to take their foot off the accelerator.  Slide 13 illustrates the step-up in global grain and oilseed production in 2008 and 2009 as well as potential production in 2010 for low, medium, and high scenarios. The line on this chart shows what we have noted on previous calls, that an economic downturn has limited impact on grain and oilseed demand.  Despite the deepest global economic downturn since the Great Depression, global grain and oilseed use continued its steady march upward increasing 1.9% or 47 million metric tonnes during the past crop year.  You can see from this chart that the record crop last year resulted in a build up of grain and oilseed inventories and another near record crop this year, is expected to increase stocks a bit further. However the projected stock build during these two years will add about 10 days of use to global inventories. In other words, increase stocks from about 62 days of use at the end of 2007, 2008 to 72 days of use at the of the 2009, 2010 crop year. We often are asked what constitutes a secure level of grain and oilseed inventories.  Our definition of a secure level is one that can absorb a supply shock without causing a disruptive spike in agricultural commodity prices. Based on this definition, and based on our scenario analysis, global grain and oilseed stocks at the end of 2009, 2010 will not be sufficient to prevent such a spike if there is a production hiccup in 2010. We think future markets agree with that assessment. For example, futures prices for the next three crops remain at relatively high levels; about $4 per bushel for corn, and $9 per bushel for soybeans. Again, markets are clearly asking farmers to keep their foot on the accelerator.  In addition to these positive demand fundamentals, a third factor driving a recovery in [P&K] shipments is the need to restock inventories. Our read of available statistics combined with customer feedback, indicates that P&K inventories from the beginning of the global distribution pipeline all the way down to the farm field have been drawn down sharply, if not emptied, during the past year.  The speed and ultimate strength of the recovery in P&K demand still hinges on a number of unpredictable factors such as weather, macroeconomic conditions, and government policies. As a result, our customers remain cautious about restocking warehouses.  Nevertheless we project a strong recovery in shipments this fiscal year due to these improved demand drivers and we believe the only uncertainty is how much of this rebound hits during our second, third and fourth fiscal quarters.  The recovery is expected to vary by region, so let me shift to some country-specific comments. In the United States farmers are expected to harvest a record crop this year, despite planting delays caused by a wet spring. Growing conditions in many regions during the summer were ideal for a late maturing crop with timely rains in August and record growing degree days in September. US farmers planted fewer acres this year, but have or are expected to harvest record yields for spring wheat, and corn, as well as near record yields for soybeans and several other crops. However as you can see from the chart on the right side of slide 16, grain and oilseed production outside the United States is expected to decline about 29 million metric tonnes this year.  Although harvested area outside the United States climbed to record levels this year, average yields declined in some countries due to drought, pests and other factors, including lower crop input use. In China, the prospect of double-digit GDP growth, coupled with a disappointing harvest this year, is likely to focus more attention on long-term food security and food inflation policies.  Chinese grain and oilseed production declined this year for the first time since 2003 and that has opened a significant gap between use and production. In the near-term China is expected to fill this gap by importing record amounts of oilseeds, drawing down course grain inventories, and even importing feed ingredients such as dried distillers grain with solubles.  In the long run, planters are expected to direct attention and resources to programs that boost agricultural productivity. Such a policy thrust has important implications for crop nutrient suppliers. First, planters are expected to keep farm economics profitable in order to stimulate grain and oilseed production as well as overall nutrient use.  Second, we expect a renewed effort to achieve more balanced nutrient use, especially programs to get potash use back on track. The sharp drop in potash imports combined with reports of significant channel inventories, implies a collapse of Chinese potash use.  Finally, officials appear committed to maintaining a large strategic reserve of crop nutrients. Such a program, coupled with good demand prospects and expected structural changes in the phosphate industry, suggest to us that exports of DAP and MAP from China likely will remain at moderate levels.  In India grain and oilseed production is expected to decline about 5% or almost 13 million tonnes this year due to the worst drought since 1972. A late revival of the monsoon has averted a disaster, but rainfall this year is expected to be down 23% from the 50 year average.  The poor monsoon reduced planted area during the Kharif season and lowered cotton, peanut, rice, and sugar yields. The rice harvest is the smallest in five years and world sugar prices have increased sharply in response to the prospects of a smaller Indian crop.  The drop in production during the Kharif season, which runs from April 1 through September 30, has heightened efforts to maximize area and yields during the Rabi season, which runs from October 1 through March 31.  The combination of high domestic grain and oilseed prices and low maximum retail prices for crop nutrients, produces highly attractive farm returns. As we’ve said before, farm economics in India are as strong if not the strongest, of any where in the world. It is not surprising that crop nutrient consumption continues to climb despite the volatility in global prices.  For example we project that DAP and MAP imports combined will total about 6.5 million tonnes in 2009 and remain at this record level again in 2010. Potash imports are expected to rebound from 4.3 million tonnes this year to about 5.5 to 6 million tonnes in 2010. In Brazil and Argentina, the 2009 harvest was hurt by severe drought as well as cutbacks in crop input use. Argentina was especially hard hit. The Argentine harvest was the smallest in 10 years and yields for key crops such as soybeans and wheat, were the lowest since the mid 1990’s.  Weather conditions in Brazil were not as harsh as in Argentina, nevertheless the 2009 Brazilian harvest although still the second largest ever, was down about 8% from the 2008 crop. Prospects for 2010 in South America are much improved as farmers begin to plant the crop in earnest this month.  The drought has broken and soil moisture has increased to normal levels in most regions. Farm economics also are attractive due to the expectation of a recovery in yields, relatively high commodity prices, and lower input costs especially for [bliphosate] and crop nutrients.  That completes our walk around the world. As noted at the start of this journey we estimate that the recovery in P&K demand this year has either started, or is on the brink of starting, in key geographies due to the improved economic outlook, continued strong grain and oilseed fundamentals, and low pipeline inventories.  We project that this recovery will pick up momentum during the rest of our fiscal year. The timing and ultimate strength of that pick up will depend on a number of unpredictable variables such as weather, and its impact on the window for fall application and level of agricultural commodity prices.  This final chart summarizes how we expect these developments to impact import demand for key phosphate and potash products in 2010. We project a strong rebound in demand due to the improved outlook in nearly all of the key importing regions.  Back to you Jim.
Jim Prokopanko : Thanks Mike for the extensive review of what is happening in key markets around the world. We find that our in depth, balanced view of market trends is highly valued by our customers, as well as by many investors and is an important input to our financial and strategic decisions.  Its worth mentioning that the work of the recently deceased Nobel Laureate, Dr. Norman Borlaug, is as relevant today as it was when he began his pioneering work back in the 1960’s. The world population will grow by one billion people by 2030.  To meet the needs of a growing and more prosperous population, a second green revolution is needed. And crop nutrients are as much a key component now as they were in the first green revolution  In summary, we are seeing signs of recovery in the global economy that will have a positive impact on the crop nutrient business. Our balanced portfolio on phosphates and potash is advantageous in the current environment when compared to single nutrient companies.  The combination of several factors will trigger how soon we see a full recovery. I am proud of Mosaic’s capacity to adapt to the changing environment as well as our leadership and financial strength while we keep our sights on the long-term, positive outlook for agriculture.  We continue to make significant investments to expand our potash production and are actively exploring avenues to enhance our phosphates operations, and further align our distribution with our production assets.  We are confident this balance approach with two principal nutrients will serve our stakeholders well. Now, we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Don Carson - UBS
Don Carson - UBS: First a housekeeping question, and then a question on phosphates, on the cash flow statement you outlined $38.6 million in derivatives gains, yet in your discussion on the segments you talked about a 4.6 gain in phosphate and 1.6 loss in potash, just wondering what that difference is. And then I just wanted you to expand on your comment that on slide nine, where you want to extend your phosphate reserves. Is this because you think it will be too difficult and expensive to add capacity in Florida and I know you’ve talked in the past about accessing some reserves in South America. With the impending [Biobar] start-up, would that rock be suitable for Mosaic and do you think that that can help lower merchant rock prices. 
Jim Prokopanko : With those two questions, I’m going to ask Larry Stranghoener to address the first question and I’ll follow-up with some comments about the permitting ore reserves or phosphate. 
Larry Stranghoener : The answer lies in the difference between unrealized and realized gains. We noted the unrealized gains and losses in the press release. The realized gains we just include as part of cost of goods sold and I think its best just to handle the details on that offline after the call. 
Jim Prokopanko : To your question on what our intentions are and thinking is looking abroad for phosphate rock reserves, we presently purchase about one million tonnes of phosphate ore from other parties, mostly Morocco. And we mine and process about 17 million tonnes in a normal year, so about 5% roughly is purchased.  One we’d like to find some alternatives to that if we could and so we are looking just to diversify our holdings of ore in other geographies in the world. Second, why not pursue extending our mining in Florida, at present we have about 30 to 35 years of proven and probable ore reserves, something like approximately six or seven years depending on operating rates of permitted reserves ahead of us.  And we just think having a balanced approach with some alternative supplies outside of the Florida geography is an appropriate thing to do and we think there’s some cost effective alternatives to continue in Florida. We’re going to continue in Florida. This will just help extend the life of our total rock reserve. Does that answer that?
Don Carson - UBS: I guess the one question, do you think [Biobar] and more merchant rock coming online, do you think that that puts a cap on what you might have to pay for merchant rock, which I guess is good news, but then potentially would that then recap rock price around $100, $125, does that kind of cap that margin outlook as well. 
Jim Prokopanko : I think that phosphate rock price is going to be driven one, by the cost of the rock and two, by the price of phosphates. Once the plant gets, the mine gets built, the product will move at some price. So I think there’s a few moving parts there that prevent me from saying that will cap the price of rock. Its going to largely depend on demand for finished phosphate products. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher : I have a quick question on China, can you talk about the latest you have on domestic potash prices. I’m just trying to understand a typical relationship between domestic prices and imports. 
Jim Prokopanko : The question what do we know about domestic Chinese potash prices, as I recall they’re in the mid 300’s, is what the farmers are paying. Potash in China is largely consumed in NPK compound blends. Unlike North America where its bought directly, its bought through those that take it and process it.  With the recent high prices in the mind of Chinese producers, higher prices of potash, they’ve reduced the consumption of NPK blends and we’ve seen reduced potash application and farmers have gone to putting more nitrogen and phosphate on.  And I think that’s created and exacerbated an imbalance of nutrients supplied to the field and we’ve now seen the second year where potash applications have dropped materially and we have great doubts as to whether they can afford a third year. So it’s a matter of the markets rebalancing in China and either the grain prices go up, and to prevent grain prices going up, they’re going to have to grow more, and that’s going to require, I believe more potash applied and better balance in the nutrient applications.  So I think there’s some adjustments to go on in China or as we’ve seen this is the first year since 1993 I believe where we’ve seen a reduction in grain production in China. It has to be very concerning for the leadership in China. 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher : Second question, just trying to understand the impact of the mix shift in your potash business, can you give us some color regarding the price differential between ag and non-ag volumes. ]
Jim Prokopanko : First I’m going to ask you if you can just clarify that, I’m going to have Rick McLellan, our commercial leader address that. 
Edlain Rodriguez - Broadpoint Gleacher : Just trying to understand the impact of the mix shift in potash because I think you mentioned that non-ag was a bigger proportion of the mix, just trying to understand like what’s the price differential between ag and non-ag volumes.  
Rick McLellan : Thanks for the question, I’ll answer it in two ways. One, the percentage of industrial tonnes that we shipped are non-ag tonnes this quarter were about 20% of our total business. The second is we have as far as pricing goes, we don’t talk about pricing for industrial alone because we have some long-term contracts that don’t allow us to do it.  But those long-term contracts are being replaced in the next few years with newer more market driven contracts. So we’ll so those net backs improve. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : Maybe somebody could just characterize what you’re hearing from US dealers about restocking, whether its for the fall or ultimately for the spring and characterize what, presumably their hesitancy is price related, and maybe you could just characterize how you expect that to play out.  
Jim Prokopanko : I suppose at the end of the day it is price related but what it, I think fundamentally is a psychological aversion to taking on risk. Where last spring we saw the distribution pipeline, dealers buying three tonnes for every two tonnes of sales, I think now and after with the price corrections to inventories in the marketplace, we’re now seeing dealers that want to have no inventory at the end of the season.  They’re just not, they’re avoiding the chance that there’s some downside. Dealers stuck their neck out last year. Prices dropped and they had to recalibrate to the farmers. This year the dealers want to ensure they have a ready sale at hand before they bring the product in and so I think until there’s some greater confidence and comfort that we are firmly in a phase of recovery that there’s more upside then downside, or at least that the downside is moderate, people aren’t willing to step into the water.  Its just the story in much of the world economy. People are very risk averse given this past drop in commodity financial markets, etc. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley : Maybe if I could just ask a follow-up on the psychological aspect from a producer perspective, and I guess my question would be, prior to the price cut in India, one could have made the argument that some type of price cut could stimulate global demand and we’ve seen that proved not to be the case outside of markets that had to buy such as Brazil, so do you think psychologically from a producer perspective its become apparent that a further material price cut would be unlikely to stimulate demand but rather would just stimulate more perception from the buyers end that the price could go even lower. 
Jim Prokopanko : I think there’s two, you have to look at the two nutrients, phosphate and potash. On phosphate I think there’s an acceptance that look, the price is not likely to go down much lower. Ammonia is at relatively low prices and just above 300. Sulfur is near zero so the input costs aren’t going to go down much more.  That explains part of the comfort with dealers being willing to put phosphate in their warehouses. On the potash we would have thought that India would have set the bottom, that didn’t happen. China deferred and I think left the impression that there could be a further drop. I guess that’s arguable whether, time will tell.  We’ll see if there’s going to be a further drop but I think with North America being the market right ahead of us now, all thoughts and efforts are focused on the harvest and farmers and dealers really haven’t turned their mind to the potash piece.  I’d add also one other item that right now potash, its unnatural in the minds of some farmers and dealers to see potash at a higher price then either nitrogen or phosphates. That’s never been the case. We’ve always seen nitrogen and phosphate above the potash price and I think people just aren’t comfortable with that.  So its, wait and see. The markets will decide what the value of potash is and we don’t think there’s much room to see significant erosion from where it is today so we’re, as a producer, we’re waiting and holding on that China will buy and that will set the base. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : Couple of financial questions on potash, what do you expect to pay this year, in this fiscal year, in the provincial resource tax, the production tax and it was quite low in this fiscal first quarter but even if you back it out, your unit costs in potash were quite high, about $50 a tonne higher then in the prior two quarters. Can you explain what was driving that. 
Larry Stranghoener : Resource taxes will be down this year versus last year, probably in the mid $200 range, $250 to $300 million versus something in the low $400 last year. And that’s a function of course of all the different things that go into the resource tax calculation; volume, profits, prices, as well as the super depreciation deduction we get for capital spending.  The potash cost trends that you’re seeing are a function, a continuing function of just very low production volumes and when we’re operating at such low volumes, our unit costs are high and items that wouldn’t normally even be material in terms of explaining quarter over quarter changes, become more material.  So labor costs were up a little bit, water management costs were up a little bit, other items such as that explain the cost per tonne increase versus the fourth quarter. 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : And when you look at that net back, on the shipments to India that are almost $100 a tonne of what is freight, is some of that just absorbing the fixed costs of Canpotex on low shipments, is that also abnormally higher then normal. 
Larry Stranghoener : Yes, that’s exactly right. All of our interaction with Canpotex is through the selling price and so their own overhead issues come to us through a price adjustment and so you’re exactly right. 
Steve Bryne - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch : And then just one last one, I know the harvest is just underway in the western corn belt, but in that region are you seeing any indications of some shipments out of your warehouses of P or K in that region for a fall application. 
Rick McLellan : To answer your question, as we’re seeing the wheat planting in the west get started we’re pleasantly surprised by the activity of phosphates and questions about resupply. So we, it’s the first indication in the marketplace of activity and its probably been a very positive surprise for both ourselves and the dealers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs : Couple of quick questions, one I think maybe we’re expecting to see a weaker fall season which will pressure the spring season, and so how do you get comfortable, how uncomfortable should your customer base be about deliverability and logistics issues this spring. 
Jim Prokopanko : This is something that comes up every couple of years for the last 30 or 40 years and North America has been, in the case of North America, we’re very fortunate for just and outstanding logistic system and in transportation infrastructure between the railways, highways, and the Mississippi.  Now that said, looking at phosphates, I think dealers we’re well positioned with product in-country as far as dealers having it or us having it in inventory in dealers’ warehouses. Potash is a little tighter. I think that’s where there could be a, where there potentially can be a challenge but the North American fertilizer producers have become very adapted at moving product and we’ve got a great transportation system. So at this point we’re not anticipating any serious dislocations. Abroad, we’re seeing it takes much longer to organize and oversee shipment and we’re seeing that in countries like India, that is quite intent on having product shipments, some of them moved up and timely deliveries and so it’s a little tougher and we need a little longer-term planning, but its working out.  We’re not calling for any problems.  
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs : If a Chinese farmer wanted a tonne of potash or an NPK mixture in April, when would it actually have to start getting loaded in Saskatoon. 
Jim Prokopanko :  Well it would take 10 days, we’ve got product in Regina, so its about 10 days to ship from Regina to Vancouver. You’re going to have to get organized and assemble those cars and have it [rating] so that’s another maybe 20 days, so 30 days.  And then you have a couple of days shipment, and its going to take probably three months. So I think to have it into the interior of China, for April 1, you’re going to have to have that shipped some time in January.  Our estimate is that there’s about, call it two, just a bit less then two million tonnes of potash in-country in China right now so that’s a bit of a buffer, but you’re getting to a point that the Chinese are going to have to start bringing product in I’d say no later then January. Shipments will have to get underway given the current stock situation. 
Robert Koort - Goldman Sachs : You mentioned the economics in India are quite favorable which includes a very hefty subsidy and there’s been some discussion around a change in the subsidy policy there, can you talk a little bit about what that change might mean for the industry. 
Mike Rahm : That’s a good question and certainly there’s been a lot of talk. I think the direction that planners in India want to go is to make it a nutrient based subsidy so that its not specific to any particular product. They want to make it flexible, they want to fix the cost or liability to the government. So that if international prices go up or down, there would be some consequence to the retail price Indian farmers pay.  And then the third component of that is they want to direct it or pay it to farmers directly. So it’s a very ambitious reform proposal in theory. We think its going to be much more evolutionary in terms of how the policy unfolds.  We would not expect any significant disruption in the near-term due to subsidy policy changes at this point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Piken - Cleveland Research
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: Thanks for the color this morning on the call, a couple of questions for you. I guess just taking a look back at kind of the [phos acid] markets and it looks like we had a couple of months where the price sort of inched up, and then this month sort of the price went a little bit sideways. I’m just trying to figure out the competitiveness of the non-integrated competitors right now. Could you talk about what the economics look like for an integrated producer versus a non-integrated producer right now. 
Mike Rahm : Without giving you specific numbers our sense is that for the non-integrated player, at current delivered rock prices and current delivered acid costs, there’s not a whole lot of fun in the business that most of the returns are going to the rock and acid suppliers. Sort of bottom line. I guess we can get into more details offline if you’d like.  But that’s our assessment. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: So then is it fair to say then that maybe, or give us a guess as to what the operating rates look like, let’s say in India right now among non-integrated players right now. 
Mike Rahm : Those have increased. I think in terms of some of the recent monthly production numbers, they have been up substantially from a year ago when there were [phos acid] pricing drawn out pricing negotiations and so forth. I think our assessment is that we expect DAP fabrication in India probably to be up a good 20%, 25% this year.  That said, one of the things we’re seeing is with the settlement of the Indian potash contract, they are producing more NPK’s and less DAP so we expect that DAP production in India, it probably will taper off a little bit from the peak level that we’ve seen earlier this summer. 
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research: One last question as it relates to Brazil and it sounds like maybe you got a little bit more cautious in terms of your second half outlook for 2009, I’m referring to here on Brazil, is there any update on where that is and why things may have slowed down. It looks like the sugar farmer returns look pretty good and soybeans there’s some currency issues, and the prices rolled over but, is it a function of that or is it just more that the dealers don’t want to restock sort of similar to what’s happening in the US and that sort of [P&K]. 
Rick McLellan : Yes, in Brazil we’re seeing that same caution from the dealer level of not wanting to be willing to miss a sale verse have inventory in the warehouse at the end of planting season. It is the same there. The economics for sugar, the economics for soybean production and corn [nearby] an export position are still very positive and the demand will come there.  But because people want to manage their inventories down, that’s what’s tempered our outlook for 2009.
Mike Rahm : The additional comment that I would have is that the movement to Brazil has been in kind a trickle as opposed to a rush that I think a lot of people expected, so they have imported phosphates and potash and they’ve also worked down stocks we think to very low levels, especially in the case of potash.  We think they will be absolutely empty at the end of this application season. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan : I have two short questions, the first is your tax rate is down, why is that, it was going to be in the low 30’s and now its in the high 20’s.
Larry Stranghoener : As you might know, every quarter we need to project full year taxes and then apply that tax rate to the current quarter and so its just the interplay of expected pre-tax income and the deductions we expect that leads to that lower tax rate. There’s nothing unusual about the item at all. Its simply that explanation.  As you might know our depletion benefit is our single biggest tax benefit that we get and so what we see is a function of the depletion benefit playing out against expected pre-tax income and that’s what drives the rate more then anything else. 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan : Maybe I’ll follow-up on that afterwards. Secondly, you sold about a little less then two million tonnes of DAP this quarter which is sort of what you did in the first quarter of last year, and last year you made a little less then a billion dollars and this year you made $60 million in the first quarter and I would imagine the value of the rock that went into selling those two million tonnes was probably triple the operating income you made. So how long are you willing to sell this level of tonnage at these returns or are these returns and these tonnages acceptable to you. 
Jim Prokopanko : I don’t understand how the rock is triple the operating cost. The rock cost has been fairly stable. Our cost of mining and delivering the rock to the plants, that hasn’t changed depreciably. And its still leaving a positive earnings and a positive cash flow for producing the product so we are, you’re right, we’re selling about as much as we did a year ago and the prices are down, so our earnings are down. 
Jeff Zekaukas - JPMorgan : I guess what I meant to say is you need a couple of million tonnes of rock and you’re only getting $60 million for that. 
Jim Prokopanko : Well, it’s a situation where we do not expect to make the kind of earnings we did last year every quarter. This is a business that is cyclical and that there’s ups and there’s downs and our task and what we look to accomplish is to achieve a good return on through cycle economics and we’re not going to turn the facilities off because of a weaker then what our best year has been.  So its just through cycle economics we continue to serve our customers, continue to produce product and enhance the efficiencies of our facilities. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Dave Silver – UBS 
Dave Silver – UBS : I have two questions about potash, one domestic and then maybe one international. On the domestic side, I guess if you look at the industry data, we’re kind of getting to the point where its more then one consecutive year, more then 12 consecutive months of sharply reduced domestic use for potash and I know you mentioned the dealer issues and maybe the psychology issues of the potash price. I’m wondering if growers are, in your opinion, are growers taking the message from this year which is that sharply reduced potash applications don’t prevent all time record high corn yields. And maybe they’re looking at their soil nutrient levels or they’re not paying quite the same attention to what they’re local [agronomist] tells you. In other words, has the growers’ psychology in your opinion changed as a result of the experience in the fields this past year. 
Jim Prokopanko : I think the science hasn’t changed. Crops grown, take nutrients out of the soil and I think farmers are very well informed and astute in terms of what, the health and the agronomic condition of their soils and I think they say the high prices, they saw some declining grain prices, and they decided to just rely on the reserves of the potash and for that matter the phosphate that’s in the soil.  These are nutrients that have a residual effect in the soil and there’s residual amounts left after the first year of application. Farmers know that, and they said this is a year to cut back and they did. I don’t think that’s a sustainable strategy, depending on the nutrient reserves in a field. Some farmers can afford to do it for one, some can do it for two, some can do it for three. But eventually, like your car, you can run on a quarter of a tank, an eighth of a tank, and fumes for a period, but then you run out. And farmers know that they can run out of nutrients and they won’t let it go too far.  So I think they’re being good business people, moderating their inputs and they will apply what’s necessary to grow a good crop. 
Dave Silver – UBS : And then the last question, in the last few year’s there’s been a number of new potash projects proposed and in the last year or so, the existing producers have had a lot lower shipments and revenues with which to fund those projects, so if you could exclude the real speculative brand new producers, new projects group, but if you could maybe look to the announcements in Russia, the announcements in Latin America, etc., can you identify any projects where you think the development or the debottlenecking has taken a notable step back or where the schedules may be a little too aggressive at this point. 
Mike Rahm : That’s a tough question, we certainly follow all of these projects very closely. In terms of our longer-term analysis, I think you’re correct that we have, we think very few greenfield projects will be on stream by the end of the next decade and most of the additional capacity that’s going to come on is based on brownfield expansions.  We have not dramatically altered our expectation, at least at this point, in terms of the timing and start-up of most of those. So we have not identified any dramatic delays or push-backs at this point. Its not to say that it couldn’t happen over the next six months to a year. But at this point we haven’t changed our views. 
Jim Prokopanko :  With that we’ll conclude our Q&A session. I’d like to remind you that we continue to have a great deal of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. The need to produce more food has not abated. The world is not getting less hungry.  Mosaic is playing a significant role to meet this demand and is well positioned to create value for our shareholders and customers for the years to come. Thank you very much and have a great day all.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist - Director, Investor Relations Jim Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer Larry Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Rick McLellan - SVP, Commercial Manager Dr. Mike Rahm - VP, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning Joc O'Rourke - Executive Vice President, Operations Rich Mack - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Don Carson - UBS Steve Burn - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Louisa Herman - Goldman Sachs Megan Davis - Morgan Stanley PJ Juvekar - Citi Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan  Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee Mark Gully - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Mosaic Company's fiscal 2009 fourth quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. The floor will be open for questions following today's presentation. Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Christine.
Christine Battist:  Thank you, Heather. Welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2009 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and other members of the Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The slides are available on our website and may enhance our discussion, but are not a requirement for the call. If you unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call, and I'll send them to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but aren't limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They're based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, July 23, 2009, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited.  Now I'll turn the call to Larry.
Larry Stranghoener: Thank you, Christine, good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We know this is a very busy week for all of you, and we'll be efficient with your time this morning. We have completed a challenging and unprecedented year; one, which began with great moment shifted to a period of weak demand and declining prices before ending with encouraging signs of recovery. Through it all, we maintain focus on our strategic priorities, posted record net earnings, and notably strengthened our balance sheet; emerging as a stronger competitor at the end of the year. In a moment, Jim, will review our competitive position, our strategic direction, and the positive long-term outlook for Mosaic in the crop nutrient sector. I will first review highlights of fourth quarter results, and provide guidance for fiscal 2010. Turning to business unit results, as summarized on slide five, our Potash segment delivered healthy profits despite significant production cuts. Though we sold only 650,000 tonnes during the fourth quarter, our gross margin was 57%, producing operating earnings of nearly $200 million. This is a great business for us, and we remain committed to our expansion plans. Our average MOP selling price was $540 per tonne. A decrease of $25 from our third quarter results, but significantly above year-ago levels. Our Phosphates segment posted improved results from the third the quarter, and is demonstrating improving those still low margins now that DAP selling prices have recalibrated and higher costs, finished goods, and raw materials have begun flushing through our system. The average DAP selling price for the quarter was $345 per tonne, compared with $754 a year-ago and $413 last quarter. Phosphates posted modest operating earnings compared with the same period last year. Gross margins turned positive this quarter and were 4% of net sales, up from a modest loss in the third quarter. Phosphates is a good business for us, with attractive true cycle economics and we are taking steps to maintain our competitive advantage. Our Offshore segment results were weak, as we expected, but the worst is behind us. Due to further selling price reductions in certain key countries in the fourth quarter, we sold product at a loss and it was necessary to record an additional inventory write down leading to an operating loss. On a positive note, we are seeing signs that demand is recovering in certain key markets, specifically Brazil. Note that this Offshore loss is somewhat offset by $52 million of profit in our Corporate segment. This amount largely represents the reversal of previously eliminated profit earned by our Phosphate and Potash segments on their intercompany sales to Offshore. This profit in inventory account is maintained in our Corporate segment and moves up and down based on the timing of Offshore sales to end customers. There are two other items related to the quarter that I want to mention, noted on slide six. First, there was a large foreign currency transaction loss, representing $0.42 per share. This non-cash loss largely represents the effect of a weaker U.S. dollar on significant U.S. dollar denominated, intercompany receivables and cash, held by Mosaic's Canadian subsidiaries. GAAP accounting standards require us to record this translation activity as foreign exchange transaction gains and losses with the offsetting gain or loss on the balance sheet. We intentionally do not and will not hedge these amounts as they do not represent economic or cash flow exposure. In our view, these amounts should be backed out of reported results to get to underlying earnings and we suggest that you not try to estimate this P&L line in your earnings models, as it is unpredictable and of no economic consequence. Second, we recorded a $283 million tax benefit representing $0.63 per share related to a special dividend distributed from our non-U.S. subsidiaries to our U.S. subsidiaries. This was a distribution of previously taxed earnings, which results in substantial foreign tax credits, which will provide cash benefits over the next three to five years. Now let me share some financial guidance for fiscal 2010 as summarized on slide seven. We estimate an average DAP selling price of $255 to $295 per tonne in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 and Phosphate sales volumes of 1.9 to 2.2 million tonnes. As you know , the Potash market is resetting right now and we are still ascertaining price and volume trends. Until market conditions stabilize, we are not providing guidance on Potash sales volumes or MOP selling prices. We estimate our capital spending for fiscal 2010 in the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion, up from $781 million in 2009. A large portion of this amount relates, of course, to our Potash expansion projects. We are confident, in the long-term outlook for Potash and remain committed to and excited about our growth plans. We expect our annual capital expenditures to remain at these levels and higher for the next several years and we expect to fully fund these expenditures through operating cash flows. Depreciation expense will begin to trend upward once each phase of the expansions is complete and should total $400 million to $430 million for fiscal 2010. As for other guidance, we estimate SG&A expense for fiscal 2010 in the range of $350 million to $370 million. And our effective income tax rate should be in the low-to-mid 30% range.  Now I'll turn it over to Jim for further insights into our strategic direction and about the outlook. Jim?
Jim Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. Good day, and thank you all for joining us this morning. Fiscal 2009 severely tested Mosaic's strength and resilience. We met and passed the test. We effectively managed the variables in the business that were within management's control. We aligned our production with lower demand, we sold Saskferco a non-core business at an attractive price. We scrutinized costs and focused on production efficiencies. We remained engaged with our customers as they too operated on a highly volatile market environment. Most importantly, we continue to execute our strategy of growing our Potash business, strengthening and growing the value of our Phosphate businesses, aligning our distribution network with North American production units, investing in our people, and building a culture of operational excellence and innovation. We accomplished all of this while further building our financial strength and ending the year with $2.7 billion of cash in the bank. I'm proud of all that the Mosaic team has achieved to-date. I'd like to highlight key points of Mosaic's strategic plan and why we are on the right course. Though many companies have been forced to postpone expansion plans for the foreseeable future, Mosaic is executing on high return growth opportunities. Nowhere is the potential greater than in Potash. Despite near term uncertainties, the long-term Potash outlook remains highly attractive due to robust demand prospects as well as the time and cost required to develop the new capacity to meet demand growth. Established players like Mosaic have a distinct advantage over potential start-ups in the Potash industry. For example, Mosaic owns enough mineral reserves to run our Saskatchewan mines for the next 100 years. We can develop new Brownfield capacity at a substantially lower cost than Greenfield projects. Indeed, we are now executing a multi-billion dollar, multi-phased expansion plan at our three large scale mines in Saskatchewan. These projects will increase our annual capacity to nearly 17 million metric tonnes by 2020. This capacity also includes, at no cost, the impending reversion of 1.3 million tonnes of Potash currently being supplied to a third party under a tolling agreement. In the case of Phosphate, Mosaic produces more crop nutrient in animal feed products than any other company in the world by a wide margin. We rank amongst the lowest cost producers today, due to a vertical integration of our phosphate, rock mining and processing operations. Our large scale mines and chemical plants and our important advantages in Florida and Louisiana. A key component of our Phosphates business unit strategy is to cement this competitive advantage for the next decade and beyond by a stepped up and focused effort on operational excellence. This strategy has several components. We are investing in more co-generation capacity and in state-of-art technologies to reduce energy costs, and enhance process efficiencies. We are implementing improved processes for maintenance, capital deployment and material flows. We're building, better forecasting, and production capabilities in order to operate at more consistent rates. Recognizing the marginal cost to produce and the incremental tonne is very low. All of these steps are intended to drive stronger cash flow and returns on capital from existing operations. Another component of our Phosphates strategy is to secure the mineral resource base for U.S. operations. We're making steady progress, permitting our large and valuable Florida phosphate rock reserves. We continue to evaluate options to secure advantaged access to rock reserves elsewhere in the world. Finally, we keep our intent up for M&A opportunities to grow our phosphate, mining, and processing beyond the U.S. borders.  Mosaic's Potash and Phosphates facilities are well situated to serve customers in North America and other regions. We sell most of our production through Canpotex and PhosChem. We also market product through our own distribution system. Frankly, I'm disappointed with the performance of our Offshore distribution during the past year. While our results are not dissimilar to competitors, we are taking steps to ensure that our Offshore businesses are fully aligned with Mosaic's production assets and generating acceptable returns. A recent step in this alignment process is our decision to sell our Thailand distribution business, a well-run operation, but one which does not support our strategic objectives. We will utilize Mosaic's strong balance sheet and projected cash flow to execute this growth strategy. We also are pleased to return value to shareholders through a regular dividend program and will consider additional shareholder distributions when appropriate. Our growth strategy is designed to capitalize on the attractive long-term outlook for global agriculture. Despite the extraordinary volatility of last year, positive long term fundamentals remain in tact. The world’s appetite continues to swell due to steady population growth as well as increases in income, especially in the large and rapidly developing countries in Asia. Global grain and oil seed demand has increased at an annual rate of 2.1% in this decade, and there are ample reasons to believe that demand will continue to grow at a brisk pace.  Population is projected to increase at a steady pace of about 75 million people each year and the current downturn is expected to only modestly slow economic moment especially, in key countries such as China and India. In addition, U.S. biofuel mandates ratchet up during the next several years and political support for these programs continues to look solid. The world produced bumper crops during the last two years as a result of the strong supply response to higher agricultural commodity prices as well as the kind cooperation of Mother Nature. These large harvests have built global grain and oil seed stocks to more secure levels today, but we cannot become complacent. Farmers around the world will need to retrieve higher yields year-after-year in order to feed, and to some extent fuel the growing and more affluent population. Advances in plant genetics and the corresponding need to increase crop nutrient use will play vital roles in boosting agricultural productivity. In the case of Phosphate, the market has recalibrated. Raw material costs have fallen, and selling prices have adjusted to current market fundamentals. We're seeing demand from buyers all across the globe and we expect strong recovery in sales volumes this year. The PhosChem DAP sale to India announced earlier this week is the most recent example of returning demand which is balancing the Phosphate market. In fact, U.S. producer stocks peaked on December 31, and have trended steadily downward to low levels of today. Our best intelligence indicates that the global distribution pipeline was destocked this past spring. Price and margin improvement from current levels will depend on various factors, including grain and oil seed prices and farm economics. I think we'd all agree that the recent tumble in near term grain prices is not sending the right signals to farmers. Grain prices for 2010 and 2011 crops, however, remain at attractive levels and support our view of continued strong farm economics and demand for crop nutrients. In the case of Potash, recent transactions with major Indian buyers have finally resulted in meaningful price discovery. I would like to add, that as of early this morning, Canpotex announced it concluded contracts in India totaling 850,000 tonnes with both its private and public sector partners. Contract prices were inline with the recently completed India contract of $460 a tonne, CFR. This development is expected to stimulate sales volumes and boost buyer confidence. Our recovery in shipments will begin to shrink record high in North American inventories and get mines back to operating at higher and more consistent rates. We've always maintained that the market determines Potash prices, and that is exactly what is happening right now. Current prices remain healthy. They still support Brownfield expansion projects, but may subject proposed Greenfield investments to much greater economic scrutiny. Though full year Potash prices maybe down from last year, we expect our sales volumes to be up and operating profits to be at a robust level. To wrap up, I'm proud of our results and accomplishments in fiscal 2009 and look forward to fiscal 2010 with great enthusiasm. This is why. First, we at Mosaic have long experience in working through these cyclical ups and downs of the industry. This experience allowed us to generate record earnings of $2.4 billion in fiscal 2009 and strengthen our balance sheet with over $2.7 billion of cash at year-end. We deliver this performance in the face of the worst economic downturn in living memory. Second, we believe our balanced portfolio with strong positions in both Potash and phosphate is a decided advantage for us, giving the differing supply and demand factors at work for the two nutrients. We are becoming an ever-bigger player in Potash and look to drive strong cash flow from our phosphate business. Third, the replacement cost for assets is high and rising, bolstering the economics of our Brownfield Potash expansion plans. The scale of our business and our cost competitiveness assure us of a major role in meeting growing demand for years to come. Finally, long-term, agricultural fundamentals remain very attractive. The world needs more food. Crop nutrients are an essential part of the solution. We are proud of the role Mosaic plays in helping the world grow the food it needs. Now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from the line of Don Carson with UBS. Please proceed.
Don Carson - UBS: Jim you made reference to, you know, falling orange soy prices. I have a couple of specific questions on that. One was soybeans coming down, the $9 range. We've got roughly $8 breakeven costs from [Montrose] farmers, and any concern about what that might do to Brazilian demand over the next few months? Just wondering what, you know, you can comment on what demand you're seeing out of Brazil on both Potash and Phosphate right now? Just one follow-up on that, and I guess you know, the one surprise, obviously the market thought that a late planting and reducing fertilizer use would have a negative effect on yields, and obviously why they returned favorable, there's a talk in house maybe of record yield just wondering what the implication is for a rebound and consumption in the U.S. market next year?
Jim Prokopanko: Two questions, then about Brazil and then what we, just some color on the size of the North American crop and given the nutrient reduction. We're seeing, yes a reduction in the commodity grain and oil seed prices, but that is not impacted planting intentions as far as we see in Brazil, and the fact looking at a 5% increase in acreage and planted bean acres in Brazil, we still see the economics as favorable for both North American and the Brazilian farmers. That is being translated into steady buying activity by Brazilian farmers and optimism by Brazilian dealers. We are looking, to something more like normalized demand in Brazil for their coming planting season, this September and October. The question on what happened, this year with, with what is appearing to be projections for a bumper crop? We've all seen the numbers, there's more corn acres than might first have been thought planted. Second there is, some reports of an above trend line yields and some as high as 160 bushels an acre. What explains that is weather. To grow crop you need good seed, you need crop nutrition, you need sunshine, you need good moisture. They've had great seed, they've got good weather. Although started late, it's recovered well. I think that's testament to the quality of some of the new seed varieties that are being planted, some better farming practices by farmers, and in the case of the reduced crop nutrients, many of these soils had positive balances of nutrients going into the year. It was possible with the right growing conditions that the, there was going to be a good crop. That’s in fact what has happened. That said understand that with, we get a corn crop of 160 bushel per acre corn crop that will have taken off a lot of nutrients. That has to be recharged. In the case of Potash and Phosphate, this just doesn't fall from the sky. Whatever is removed has to be replaced. They will have really extracted a lot of Potash and Phosphate from the soils and throughout North America this year.
Larry Stranghoener: I would just add one thing, Don, this crop isn't in the bin, yet. There is more growing to go. There has to be a harvest, can't have an early frost, so there is, we're not across the finish line just yet, but it's looking like a great crop.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Burn with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Steve Burn : Jim, was your distribution business in Brazil and your wholesale shipments to other distributors down there, do you see a clearing price, already, in Brazil? Or do you think that it's likely to come out within the next few days or next few weeks? What's your forecast there?
Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Jim, was your distribution business in Brazil and your wholesale shipments to other distributors down there, do you see a clearing price, already, in Brazil? Or do you think that it's likely to come out within the next few days or next few weeks? What's your forecast there?
Jim Prokopanko: I'm going to ask our Commercial VP, Rick McLellan who will receive the Brazilian International operations to comment, and the question, as I understood it was what is the clearing price to the farmers in Latin America and Brazil, in the case of Potash?
Rick McLellan: Steve, were you asking on Potash? Can we clarify that?
Steve Burn : Yes, I was talking about Potash.
Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, I was talking about Potash.
Rick McLellan:  On import or on the, at the farmer level?
Steve Burn : I was really thinking more at the import level, relative to the contract price with India. Do we have something that is relative to that?
Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: I was really thinking more at the import level, relative to the contract price with India. Do we have something that is relative to that?
Rick McLellan: I think one, the India agreement was just cleared this morning. And so, in the next, in the next few weeks, we'll get clarified clearing price for Potash into Brazil.
Steve Burn : Rick, are there shipments of Potash on the water, on their way to Brazil, and has some of it even moved into the channel, but just not yet been priced?
Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Rick, are there shipments of Potash on the water, on their way to Brazil, and has some of it even moved into the channel, but just not yet been priced?
Rick McLellan: I don't know about pricing, about unpriced shipments, but there has been product move, and if you think about how far they have to where the farmers have to plant. Here we are near the end of July. A large amount of product has to move to restock, to be ready for farmers to use it in October.
Steve Burn : Rick, can you just comment on your discussions with your corn belt of customers? How would you characterize those discussions now? Are they showing interest in restocking and are they seeing any interest from their customers, the growers to prepay for the fall?
Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Rick, can you just comment on your discussions with your corn belt of customers? How would you characterize those discussions now? Are they showing interest in restocking and are they seeing any interest from their customers, the growers to prepay for the fall?
Rick McLellan: I think you've raised a very good question. One, our customers are facing their customers who've seen the decrease in grain prices in the last 30 days and that's caused everyone to pause for a moment. As late at yesterday, in discussions with our customers, they clearly are still expecting a very, a very good fall season because of the futures prices that we're looking at for next year's crop.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Louisa Herman - Goldman Sachs: This is Louisa Herman in for Rob Koort. My first question is just on margins. I know that you didn't give any outlook for Potash volumes or selling prices, but you said you anticipate that margins while they're expected to decline, they're going to remain attractive. Can you just give a little bit more color on that?
Jim Prokopanko: We're anticipating a decline and as we're seeing these sales booked in India, and soon expect similar in Brazil, they'll decline from what we experienced this past quarter. At those, even at those levels, we have a very good margin in this business. In terms of being attractive, they are attractive to, versus this time last year. They are attractive versus our cost of production. Potash remains a very good business even at these prices.
Louisa Herman - Goldman Sachs: If you guys could provide us with anymore color on your talks with Cargill?
Jim Prokopanko: There isn't many talks with Cargill. There's we've been very happy with them as an investor, and I've got to believe they are very happy with us as an investment. And beyond that there has been no other kind of discussions.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley, please proceed.
Megan Davis - Morgan Stanley: It's Megan Davis in for Vincent. I just had a couple of quick questions. First, if you could comment on how do you think China is going to play out in terms of Potash negotiation, and also what you're seeing at the retail level in the U.S in terms of rate for both Phosphate and Potash?
Jim Prokopanko: I'm sorry; I barely was able to hear your name. I heard the first question about China and the second question, if you can speak up on that one.
Megan Davis - Morgan Stanley: Sorry about that, it's Megan Davis. The second question was U.S. retail inventory levels for Phosphate and Potash.
Jim Prokopanko: I'll answer the China question; Rick will answer the U.S. phosphate inventory level question. China will buy when China chooses to buy on its Potash. I think there should be a motivating factor. Now that India has booked, they've got more evidence of what the global price of Potash is. I suppose at the extreme, China might not buy this year and might struggle to get to the end of the calendar year and start negotiating for next. However, I think their stocks are getting lower by the day. It's all a matter of time. I don't think it's a matter of volume. If they don't buy now, they're going to have to buy more next year. I think anywhere from the next couple weeks to the next couple months, we should have China back in the Potash market. It's going to be their call when that happens and don't have anymore intelligence about when that might be. Rick, if you would just comment on U.S. phosphate inventories.
Rick McLellan: At the dealer level, we've seen we've been talking with our customers, we see both Phosphate and Potash inventories being drawn down to lower levels.
Megan Davis - Morgan Stanley: Lower than normal for this time of year?  
Rick McLellan: Yes.
Megan Davis - Morgan Stanley: Can you explain Potash cogs per tonne? This quarter, it seemed a little bit lower than we would have thought?  
Jim Prokopanko: Larry, our CFO will take that question.
Larry Stranghoener: Potash costs per tonne was lower than in the prior quarter. It was a function, in large part of Canadian resource taxes being lower. It was also a function of unrealized mark-to-market gains we realized in the fourth quarter and of course that number jumps around from plus to minus from quarter-to-quarter.
Megan Davis - Morgan Stanley: Would we expect them to go up to a higher level next quarter?
Larry Stranghoener: It's possible that cost per tonne would increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2010. Production rates continue to be low creating a continuing fixed cost absorption issue for us, so costs per tonne are higher than normal. Ultimate costs will depend on swing factors such as our resource tax accruals, as well as any mark-to-market gains or losses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of PJ Juvekar with Citi, please proceed.
PJ Juvekar - Citi: PJ. You referenced the Canpotex contract to India. Can you specify again the volume to India this year, and can you refresh our memory as to your shipments last year? Did Canpotex gain or lose share year-over-year?
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, we’ve announced this morning, Canpotex is 850,000 tonne shipment. There is option to go upwards about 20% from there. That will take us, if they go to the maximum amount, a million tonnes. Last year it was approximately 1.2 million or 1.25 million tonnes that we shipped to India. Understand, last year's contract was sometime around April. This is much lower, smaller period of time, and so this is for shipments between now and end of March next year. It's down a little bit. I don't think we've lost much market share, if any. I think it's just over a congested period of time, number one. Number two, there's some concerns about the monsoon for the [Roby] season in India this year. It's not a 100% normal monsoon, it’s a little less, but it’s still a good monsoon.
PJ Juvekar - Citi: One of your competitors talked about North American Potash applications being down around 40% for the fertilizer year. When you talk about a Potash demand recovery for 2010, I know you haven't given specific guidance, but can you give a rough estimate or a range in terms of how you think volumes will bounce back? Do you see it returning into 2008 a decent baseline?
Jim Prokopanko: I think there is two components there. There is the farmer use and the pipeline restocking. So we saw a farmer use that's you know, and maybe, maybe as high as that 40%. That seems a little high, so that's one component. I think it'll get depending on grain prices, of course, but I think we're going to come closer to back to normal rates for the coming year. And the pipeline is very much destocked. We've got to recharge that. Shipments last year were down about 50% or just over, something like 53% from the prior year. You've got those two things and they confuse one another and people it's hard to get a clear picture. Farmer use, and dealer purchasing, and we think the, certainly the farmer use will get up there and call it normalized dealer stocking.
Larry Stranghoener: Jim, I would just add that we would not look for anything close to normal selling levels in the first quarter of this fiscal year, but perhaps by the second half of the year, maybe even the final three quarters of the year, we'd be closer to normal levels.
PJ Juvekar - Citi: In normal levels, that would be five-year average or 2008, or what's the best kind of benchmark to think about?
Jim Prokopanko: Yes, I think closer to those kinds of levels posted in ’06, ’07, ’08.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan. Please proceed. 
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan : Just a couple of quick questions, you said that you're Potash capacity would be 17 million tonnes by 2020, what will it be by 2012?
Jim Prokopanko: Good question that we don't have a crisp answer for you. We’ll have, begin having some of our and can get back to you with a 2012 number. We'll have some current capital expansion projects coming online, as well as we'll have a reversion of the 1.3 million tonnes of tolling agreement. Now call our projection capacity just over 10 million tonnes. We'll get back to you, but I think it's going to be north of 12, 12.5 million tonnes by then. 
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan : Secondly, when you look at the, sort of the next three years, could you just compare the supply demand balances in Potash globally versus the supply demand balances in DAP. That is, which should can the better market or the tighter market and why? Will they act similarly or will they act differently? How do you assess these two markets over the next few years?
Jim Prokopanko: Jeff, I'm going to ask Dr. Mike Rahm to answer that question.
Dr. Mike Rahm: Without getting into too much detail, you know we see fairly limited new capacity coming on over the next two to three years. And our expectation is that we will see a resumption of growth back in the case of phosphate in that 2% to 2.5% per year range. In the case of Potash probably in that 2.5% to 3.2% per year range, and so the combination of that when we look out over the next you know, 3 to 4 yours, provides a balance to snug outlook for both of these nutrients.
Jeff Zekauskas - JPMorgan : Just lastly, can you talk about what is it about the phosphate market that leads to these much, much tougher margins in comparison to Potash? In Potash, there are all of these producers towards shutting down capacity whereas there doesn't seem to be the same kind of producer discipline in DAP. Is there anything that could happen to the industry overtime that change that or do you see any strategic developments that make the DAP market more resilient?
Jim Prokopanko: Jeff, I'll just add a comment and then Mike, Dr. Rahm, again will add some color to that. What we see with the phosphate business is, is very good margins on a through-cycle economic basis. You got components like more raw material costs in Phosphates. I think you have a little more cyclicality and ups and downs in that versus the Potash business that is, doesn't have as much added raw materials. No ammonia, no sulfur and you're not as much energy in that gas pricing that goes into it. You so have a little less variability. We see that in the phosphate, the through cycle economics are very good. In the good times it's very, very good business. We do have dips, but over that cycle, it's very good returns. On the Potash, it's been steadier; we've seen a recalibration here. Just the way the marketplaces is operated in term of limited supplies of the Potash rock and a few companies producing it, both have long lead times to bring on new capacity and both have slightly different economics, but the drivers in both cases, comes down to the world rain and commodity prices. Mike, do you want to add to that? 
Dr. Mike Rahm: I don't think there's a whole lot more to add. I think in the case of Phosphate you probably have a few more moving parts. Jim mentioned the purchased raw materials required to produce that product and process the ore. I think you also have a situation where about 1/3 of the Phosphate is produced by non-integrated players. It's different from Potash in that regard. The pricing cost of those purchased raw materials tend to be very volatile and that does whipsaw the market a fair amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Picken with Cleveland Research. Please proceed.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research: A couple questions for you. Number one, with respect to your Offshore writedowns, did that include the recent recalibration of the Potash market or should we expect next quarter to see another recalibration in light of the fact that really the Potash price didn't really crack until July.
Jim Prokopanko: The writedowns taken in the fourth quarter we think accurately anticipated Potash pricing that we're seeing right now.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research: Okay. We shouldn't expect necessarily assuming Potash prices held with these prices and another round of writedowns.
Jim Prokopanko: That's true. That’s correct.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research: With respect to your own operating rates, can you give us a feel for how much curtailments you've taken in your Potash business since the beginning of the year and where you're currently running at and then same thing for your phosphate business.
Jim Prokopanko: I’m going to have Joc O'Rourke who is a, his second time at one of these earnings calls with Mosaic. Joc is our Executive Vice President of Operations, and he'll respond to that.
Joc O'Rourke: First in Potash, over the year, we've followed obviously the demand in managing our own inventory. Over the year, I think we curtailed in Potash approximately 1.8 million tonnes as we previously stated. Right now, we're moving up to running about just a little over half capacity right now and obviously expecting that to come up with these new orders. In Phosphates, for the year, we ran a little over 60% and at this stage, with the exception of our Louisiana plant, which is in a normal shutdown turnaround, we're running at almost our full capacity rates.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research: In terms of kind of the last question, I had as sort of a follow-up, where do you think that globally we are right now in terms of Potash and Phosphate utilization rates around the world?
Jim Prokopanko: Mike do you want to address that?
Dr. Mike Rahm: Yes. I would think that in the case of Phosphate, the global industry is it probably running up into the 70% plus range. For Potash, probably closer to the 40% to 50% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Sterne, Agee. Please proceed. 
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: Two process questions, Jim. Timing and process. Can you give us a sense of when you expect resolution on the Esterházy issue and what the process is going to look like to get that resolved? A similar question on the mineral resource issue, a different issue, but can you give us a sense of what the mile posts are going to be so that we know what to expect to hear from you over the next year or a couple of years in terms of getting the Florida mineral situation nailed down?
Jim Prokopanko: To the question of the tolling agreement, we have an expectation that the tolling agreement comes to an end in August of 2010. Our interpretation of the agreement and the conditions we are bound to, right now, we're having a disagreement with the other party and we're going through efforts to come to a common point of view. I think we're declaring, we're announced in or will at least in the 10-K that this is being going to the Courts for resolution. We expect we'll come to an agreement or come to a resolution in the next, before that period of time. Time will tell. I just can't I just can't say what the how this is going to play out, but it's again, I'll just reinforce that we believe August 2010, where our obligations are concluded.
Larry Stranghoener: Can you repeat your second question please? 
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: I was wondering if you could sort of walk us through what your process in Florida for the mineral rights, is in terms of just the process and the milestones that we'll see along the way?
Jim Prokopanko: We have the next major mine permitting efforts to conclude is the South Fort Mead mine. I'm going to just let our General Counsel, Rich Mack who is leading our mine, permitting efforts add a comment. That's something we anticipate to have wrapped up early in the new calendar year. We are now before the Army Corp of engineers getting the application and permits completed there and that's well underway, going well, good relations wit the or good communications with the Army Corps. I'll just ask rich now to add some more comments and other permits and what some of those mile posts might be.
Rich Mack: Sure. Thanks Jim, and thanks for question, Mark. We've made significant progress in the past year to year and a half really by just stepping up our efforts with respect to our permitting activities in Florida. We're focusing at all levels; we’re focusing at the County level, at the State level, and at the Federal level. We certainly understand that we need to be a good community neighbor to take advantage of the great assets that we have in the state of Florida. Right now, other than our South Fort Mead permit, we really have cleared the decks for the next few years in terms of any of our major permits. So we recently went through a comprehensive strategy in terms of how we're going to go about obtaining the various approvals that we need. Of course, we're working very closely with the local county governments, state officials and federal officials to ensure that our story is heard. We're very happy on that front, Mark.
Mark Connelly - Sterne, Agee: If all goes well, early next calendar year, we'll have some clarity.
Rich Mack: Yes. It's an ongoing; we're always going to have various permits that come up for approval. It's not like there is a one threshold event that you are looking for. Each year or every other year year, there's going to be an incremental approval or permit that is necessary. And what we're looking at is the long-term here and making sure that we have the right processes in place to ensure that we timely receive the approvals and on terms that are acceptable to Mosaic.
Jim Prokopanko: Mark, I'd just add for completeness, we have approximately 35 years of proven and probable reserves available, in the Florida area. We normally have six to seven years of permitted lands, and so we're in that six year kind of range of permitted mines still to work through.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Gully with Soleil Securities. Please proceed.
Mark Gully - Soleil Securities: I got a couple of questions, if I may. One with respect to the capacity expansion plans, which you reiterated today. I remain a little bit confused as to with low operating rates still currently, you haven’t elected to take at least a partial deferral or push out of those capacity expansion plans, is your strategy to preempt new players? Or perhaps can you elaborate on your capacity expansion strategy, please?
Jim Prokopanko: Mark, these Potash expansions are very long-term undertakings. For us to expand with the capital projects we’ve talked about five million tonnes, it's going to take us ten years. That's going with considerable urgencies to bring those on. To moderate that kind of capital expansion plan based on seasonal variations, we'd never get anything built. In the next good season we have, you just can't go and say let's bring on another million tonnes, that could take you four or five years. The five million tonnes that we have planned and have much of the work underway, that's going to come on in approximate 500,000 tonne bites in the next ten years. We are confident about the long-term fundamentals of this business, it's going to be cyclical, there's going to be great seasons, there is going to be seasons where we can't meet demand. There is going to be seasons where we're going to have more capacity than there might be demand for, but you’ve got to get these things started due to the long-term extended nature of these capital projects.
Mark Gully - Soleil Securities: I’ve got a second question for one of your leaders that deals with the distribution channel in the U.S. on Potash. Do you have any idea whether or not the lower prices that we're talking about today will trigger some lower cost to market writedowns on the part of the distribution chain, the kind of writedowns that really pressured your channel partners last year on Phosphates? Do they face the same thing this year on Potash?
Jim Prokopanko: The moderating factor this year is there's much less inventory in the distribution network. Producers should have costs. The inventories valued at cost, which we're nowhere near that. The whole distribution wholesale network has been very cautious about restocking. I'm not sure where they've taken their costs down to or what kind of adjustments they’ve made on the inventory. If there is any, it's going to be on much, much less inventory in those warehouses.
Mark Gully - Soleil Securities: That's helpful. Third and final question is, how should I think about price leadership in the Potash industry globally? It appears as [sold in that] maybe ICL have led the prices down here to the 460 level. How shall I think about the role that Canpotex and BPC play in price leadership if the small players are the ones that seem to be moving the price?
Jim Prokopanko: Mark, you should think about it as this is a very efficient market that we're in. The market works. Buyers and sellers, supply and demand all come together. Market leadership, I'm not sure what that term means. There is a lot of competitors, I don’t know from one day to the other what their motivations are, you can anticipate, but it’s the market that sets that and all the drivers that go with it. The energy prices, commodity prices, trade flows, and that's about all I can say.
Mark Gully - Soleil Securities: Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: With that, we're going to conclude our Q&A session today. I'd like to remind you that we continue to have a great deal of confidence in the long-term outlook for this business. The need to produce more food has not abated. The world is not getting less hungry, even during these times of economic stress. Mosaic is playing a significant role in this cause and is best positioned to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. Thank you and have a safe day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-04-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist – Director IR James Prokopanko – President & CEO Lawrence Stranghoener – EVP & CFO Dr. Mike Rahm – VP Market Analysis & Strategic Planning Rick McLellan – SVP Commercial Manager Steven Pinney – SVP Phosphate Operations 
Analysts: Jeff [Secaucus] – JP Morgan Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs  David Silver – UBS Securities Analyst for P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup Donald Carson – UBS Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Steve Burn – Banc of America  Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates  Michael Picken – Cleveland Research 
Operator: Welcome to The Mosaic Company’s fiscal 2009 third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. Please proceed.
Christine Battist: Welcome to Mosaic’s fiscal 2009 third quarter earnings conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and other members of The Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio web cast. The slides are available on our website and may enhance our discussion but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call and I'll send the slides to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during this conference call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, April 8, 2009 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now I'll turn the call over to Larry. 
Lawrence Stranghoener : Thank you Christine. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. I will start this morning by giving you an update on our current performance and near-term trends and Jim will review the positive long-term outlook for Mosaic and the crop nutrient sector.  There have been a number of factors impacting the crop nutrient industry as summarized on slide four. We have seen significant changes in buyer sentiment resulting from, among other factors, a decline in decline in grain prices from record levels a year ago, a build up in inventories in distribution supply chains, the global economic downturn and the recalibration of the phosphate market primarily to reflect the lower raw material input costs. This is a story you know well by now.  Despite these negative factors we had a profitable quarter and preserved our strong financial position. Our third quarter results as shown on slide five were down from last year as we expected. Net earnings for the third quarter were $59 million or $0.13 per diluted share. The primary drivers for third quarter results were significantly lower sales and production volumes and a decline in phosphate selling prices as demand for crop nutrients slowed.  Turning to business unit results as summarized on slide six, our potash segment delivered healthy profits though less robust than seen in the past several quarters. Higher selling prices were not enough to offset the sharp decline in sales volumes, the effects of lower operating rates and net unrealized mark-to-market losses. Our average MOP selling price was $565 per ton, an increase of $36 from our second quarter results. Operating earnings were $186 million, down from $196 million in the same period last year.  Looking ahead, potash sales volumes will likely remain constrained until the annual China contract is signed. Fourth quarter sales volumes are expected to be comparable with third quarter levels. Gross margins continue to be impacted by the effects of significantly lower operating rates on fixed cost absorption. With continued production reductions we expect to have reduced our total potash production by nearly 2 million tons in fiscal 2009.  Our phosphate segment posted weak results as we expected due to a fall off in demand and a decline in pricing. Phosphates had an operating loss of $124 million compared with operating earnings of $443 million in the same period last year. Gross margins were negative this quarter compared to 38% of net sales last year. This decline in gross margin was the result of selling through higher cost inventories at recalibrated selling prices, the impact of lower operating rates and net unfavorable realized and unrealized derivative activity compared with a year ago. Note that the phosphate loss did not include additional inventory write downs as selling prices were about as anticipated in our second quarter write downs.  The average DAP selling price for the quarter was $413 per ton compared with $487 a year ago and $1,083 last quarter.  Looking ahead, we expect fourth quarter phosphate sales volumes to be up from third quarter levels but below the strong fourth quarter levels a year ago. In response to improved market activity we have increased phosphate production closer to normalized levels. With DAP selling prices currently in the mid $300 per ton range, fourth quarter gross profit is expected to be positive but will be adversely affected by higher cost raw materials and finished products which remain in inventory. We expect lower cost raw materials to begin benefiting our gross margin in the latter half of the fourth quarter with the more favorable impacts coming in the first quarter of fiscal 2010.  Our off-shore segment results were also weak. Due to further price reductions in certain countries in the third quarter we sold product at a loss and it was necessary to record an additional inventory write down. This led to the operating loss recorded in the off-shore segment. The off-shore gross margin is expected to remain weak until crop nutrient demand improves and high cost inventories are sold.  Note that this off-shore loss is somewhat offset by $85 million in profit in our corporate segment. This amount largely represents the reversal of previously eliminated profit earned by our phosphate and potash segments on their inter-company sales to off-shore. This profit and inventory count is maintained in our corporate segment and moves up and down based on the timing of off-shore sales to end customers.  The higher effective income tax rate in the quarter was due to the fact that no tax benefit was recorded on losses in Brazil, partially offset by the favorable effect of certain discrete items in the quarter. The year-ago tax rate was favorably affected as a result of statutory reductions in the Canadian Federal Corporate tax rate on deferred tax liabilities. We continue to expect an annual effective tax rate in fiscal 2009 in the low 30% range. Note that cash tax payments totaled $155 million during the quarter compared to our tax provision of $31 million primarily due to the timing of estimated tax payments. We currently expect to pay little or no cash taxes in the fourth quarter.  We are reaffirming our annual capital spending guidance for fiscal 2009 in the range of $800-900 million. We are fully committed to our planned potash expansions as we are highly confident in the long-term outlook for potash and these are long lead-time projects. As we have indicated before, however, we will continue to monitor the pace of our expansions in light of overall market conditions.  As for other guidance, we have lowered our SG&A expense guidance for fiscal 2009 to a range of $320-340 million. We have remained diligent about controlling costs and managing our strong cash position despite the lull in demand for our products. Some of the specific steps we have taken include reducing operating rates, reprioritizing and reducing capital spending, clamping down on expenses and restructuring our Brazil operations. Of course, our substantial cash reserves give us much flexibility and position us to emerge from this downturn with our financial strength intact.  We continue to believe that we have the best liquidity position among our peers with total cash of $2.5 billion and debt of $1.4 billion at the end of the quarter.  Now I will turn it over to Jim for his thoughts about the outlook. Jim? 
James Prokopanko :  Thank you Larry. Good day to all on the call and thank you for joining us this morning. We are now more than half way through what is a challenging second half for our fiscal year. It was a tough third quarter as we expected with the fourth quarter forecasted to be slightly better. It is important that I am clear about our outlook at this specific point in time. Although the crop nutrient markets worldwide have seen a slow down this slow down is transitory. We are in a self-correcting cycle because crop nutrient demand can only be deferred for so long before soil fertility is dramatically impacted.  At Mosaic we have not wavered in our positive, long-term outlook for agriculture, the crop nutrient business and the growing global demand for food. The crop nutrient industry just endured one of the weakest fall application seasons on record. With an expected rebound this spring we estimate the U.S. nutrient use could decline approximately 10-15% this crop year with more pronounced declines in phosphates and potash uses than for nitrogen.  The picture outside North America is likely to be only modestly better. India and China are exceptions and appear immune from this global trend. Crop nutrient demand continues in these countries because of population growth and their drive for food security. The question is what is ahead of us?  We are seeing positive signs in the phosphate market. PhosChem has recently signed a large contract in India and in North America product is starting to move from producers to dealers and from dealers to farmers. Pricing is still a challenge as dealers try to recoup higher inventory costs and farmers expect prices closer to current replacement costs.  This has caused delays in purchasing and in some areas reductions in application rates. There are, however, encouraging signs of life and we are ramping up phosphate production in the fourth quarter. The potash business has yet to come out of its winter hibernation. Any of several catalysts will jump start this market. These include resolution of the annual China and India contracts, recovery in North American spring planting demand or a continued market improvement in Brazil.  We are maintaining our reduced potash production schedule into the fourth quarter in light of current lack of customer demand. Producers and distributors are expected to draw down the fully stocked global distribution pipeline this fiscal year. The recovery in nutrient demand combined with restocking to even modest levels will be bullish news for shipments in the upcoming fiscal year. We believe key importers will return to the market to recharge inventories during the second half of 2009. Brazil should begin sourcing normal volumes of phosphate and potash around mid-year or just prior to the peak planting season in the third calendar quarter.  In India and China history suggests they will settle their 2009 potash contracts by mid-year. Prospects in India remain solid due to continued demand for nutrients and their desire for food security. Demand prospects in China also look positive due to efforts to boost yields, secure food supplies and revitalize rural areas. Producers are expected to ship hard into both these large markets during the second half of 2009.  Despite the downturn in the global economy, the USDA still projects that world grain and oil seed use will increase a solid 2.4% in the 2008-2009 crop year. Steady demand prospects coupled with growing concerns about 2009 acreage and yield has kept agricultural commodity prices at high levels. For example, 2009, 2010 and 2011 new crop corn prices are trading from $4.30 to $4.55 per bushel; extraordinary prices by historical standards.  These points underscore why the long-term outlook remains intact and compelling. The record harvests of the last two years pulled unprecedented amounts of nutrients from soils and lower application rates this crop year will only magnify the need to replenish soil nutrients. Grain and oil seed prices are expected to remain at attractive levels, supporting strong farmer economics. This demand growth coupled with lower cost for key inputs such as diesel fuel and crop nutrients underpins a positive outlook for farm profitability and crop nutrient use. All of this provides a great opportunity for Mosaic.  In closing I would like to emphasize three key points about Mosaic and what we are doing to position ourselves for the coming market upturn. First, Mosaic is well positioned in this industry with our vertically integrated operations, strong balance sheet and a global presence. Our global scale is unmatched due to our strength in potash and phosphates. In addition, our exceptional knowledge of markets worldwide from long-term demand trends in China to what today’s farmer in Iowa needs to enhance his yields underscores Mosaic’s unique ability to capitalize on agricultural fundamentals.  Second, we are pulling the right levers to manage short-term uncertainty while keeping long-term value creation uppermost in our minds. In the short run, we are ensuring inventories remain at manageable levels. We are removing costs from our business. We are effectively managing risks and we are working closely with our customers through this challenging period.  Finally, we are making significant investments to expand our capacity in potash and we are strengthening our phosphates business through investments to increase efficiencies at our plants and our minds. In short, we are continuing to push those value drivers designed to produce cash flow and generate returns for shareholders.  As I said in my opening remarks, at this moment we are in a self-correcting cycle because crop nutrient demand can only be deferred for so long. We remain confident in Mosaic’s long-term outlook and agricultural fundamentals remain positive because of continued global demand for food, fuel and feed.  Now, we will be happy to take your questions. 
 :
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jeff [Secaucus] – JP Morgan. 
Jeff [Secaucus] – JP Morgan: You said you thought your potash shipments in the fourth quarter would be very similar to the third. Does that mean that you don’t expect an up tick in your North American demand in the fourth quarter or do you expect an up tick in North America which is offset by a decrease sequentially somewhere else? 
James Prokopanko : What we are facing is a reluctance by dealers to recharge their inventories. We do expect potash is going to move to the farm and that we believe the pipeline will de-stock and get to lower levels. The sales we have forecasted are largely going to be going into two markets; the North American market to recharge inventories that have been pulled down at the dealer level and secondly to some off-shore markets that we currently have outstanding contracts with. Principally it is going to be a North American directed movement. 
Jeff [Secaucus] – JP Morgan: Right, but what I am trying to say is that your third quarter North American volumes are seasonally low and one would expect sequentially a meaningful step up even in a weak market and then your shipment levels really shouldn’t be comparable but still meaningfully better in the fourth quarter. Or is there something I am missing when you look at things on a sequential basis? 
James Prokopanko :  We can be surprised here. We can just have a blockbuster spring season. That is not impossible. However, we are seeing the sentiment in the field where dealers aren’t prepared to recharge inventories. We can conceivably go into a pipeline that is empty come this summer season. So we will move some product and whatever gets moved will get applied but current buying behavior shows farmers are applying as much as 30% less potash to the field. In addition, dealers are not keeping their warehouses charged and so we will have an empty pipeline come June and our forecasts are the kind of volumes we are talking about. 
Jeff [Secaucus] – JP Morgan: Lastly, why do you think there is a divergence in North American DAP demand versus North American potash demand? 
James Prokopanko :  A couple of things. Prices have recalibrated on the phosphate side and have got to levels that look appealing to farmers and are getting closer to replacement levels. On potash, farmers believe they can take, some farmers in some regions, believe that they can take a holiday on potash use. Farmers are anticipating they can buy it and load up come the summer or fall season so they are making a bet they can buy lower later in the year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs. 
Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs : My question would be Jim on the expected retail this summer to be on a network in the United States. I guess a lot of guys thought since the fall season didn’t get the business they were looking for in some cases we saw some write downs of material. Do you worry at all buyer behavior towards fall inventory build and application levels may have changed and therefore you may still not see that pick up until we get closer to the spring a year from now? 
James Prokopanko :  Definitely the sentiment is becoming much more cautionary. I’m seeing that dealers it is going to be a matter of do they think there is more upside than downside. Right now I think the market is in balance depending on what happens to grain prices. I think that is going to be an important driver. That will be an important element to dealers making the judgment on how much they load up. I think the view now is there is limited downside. Not much risk in loading up the warehouses and farmers similarly if they start seeing grain prices move up they are going to be eager to lay in phosphates at values that I suggest are pretty darn appealing. So it is possible we can see a further delay. Some time in the second half we are going to have product moving. I have little doubt of that.  I’m sorry, I should say some time in the first half of the next fiscal year there will be strong demand for our phosphates. 
Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs : On potash it seems the financial markets are pretty fixated on this Chinese contract settlement as a benchmark for whether things are going to be getting better or not so good. Would you expect your same dealer customers are equally so fixated and so if we see a Chinese contract at a parity or premium from the last contract that will unleash some buying demand or do you think it is an independent event to what happens in North America? 
James Prokopanko :  I think for the next 3-4 months it is going to be all eyes on China and India. That is going to set the tone for what the future pricing is. So I think until we get through that hurdle there isn’t going to be a lot of decision making made. Right now our plans have been to curtail our production until the demand returns and the market finds a price at which it is going to clear the product. 
Operator:  The next question comes from David Silver – UBS Securities. 
David Silver – UBS Securities: Jim, I have a question I guess about the volume trends that you commented on. I would like to maybe talk about it slightly differently. When I look at your 9-month totals I see that potash shipments are down 29%, phosphate shipments are down 34%. Just thinking with potash, Potash Corp probably has similar declines. We know at least one or two of the former Soviet Union producers have severe declines. So in your opinion, I know you are talking about de-stocking and what not but aren’t we really into, in your opinion are these declines now in spending maybe 9 months are they really just flat out unsustainable? Why do you think it has been able to go on this long for a product that you have said many times is essential and can be delayed but not ignored? 
James Prokopanko:  I’ll make some opening comments and then ask Mike Rahm, Dr. Rahm, to add some of his quantitative views on the matter. Both potash and phosphates are nutrients that reside in the soil for a period of time and they are available to the plant over a couple of years. Unlike nitrogen that is gone from the soil the year after you use it. The world is just now producing two or three I think it is consecutive record harvest years and that has removed a lot of nutrients from the soil. So farmers that have kept their soil nutrient levels at maximum or high levels they can, in fact, afford a bit of a holiday on that application rate. While they are doing that and producing record yields they are taking out record amounts of nutrients from that soil. You can defer for maybe a season or perhaps where you have very high rates a little more than a season but after that it is not there. It is gone. As you remove the crop you are removing nutrients and it is simply a matter of time and a matter of what nutrient level you started at before you get to points where you are affecting the yield of the crop.  Today when you have these high, high performance hybrids that are being applied and farmers are paying in the case of corn upwards of $100 per acre to take a chance of not feeding the high performance crop the diet they need in crop nutrients you are just short-changing yourself as a business person. So we really do believe that after a couple of years of high nutrient application rates some farmers that have been very diligent about applying those high level rates say I am going to take a break and they will take their chances if there isn’t a weather event or some disruption in the growing patterns that will be exacerbated by low crop nutrients. There is no doubt in my mind this will come back to historic levels we have experience these last couple of years. Mike do you want to add to that? 
Dr. Mike Rahm:  I can add a couple of things. I think as we have talked before, the distribution pipeline worldwide is a very long and large pipeline. The swings in that can be very, very large. Just to give you a few numbers, in the case of the United States we expect that phosphate usage this year could be down 10-20%. We think potash usage could be down roughly 20-30% yet shipments of phosphate year-to-date through the first seven months of the year are down about 40% as are potash shipments. We think for the year they could be down by a similar magnitude with the potential drawn down of the distribution pipeline. When you look around the world similar trends or developments are taking place elsewhere. Brazil is a good example where last year shipments dropped about 9%, 2.2 million tons. Through the first seven months in 2008 in Brazil shipments were up almost 20%. So there has been a real sharp decline in shipments since the fourth quarter in Brazil and for 2009 we expect fertilizer use in Brazil will probably be flat with 2008.  A few encouraging signs are coming from Brazil but there has been very little movement or activity in Brazil year-to-date. We expect once that pipeline is empty you are going to see a pretty sharp snap back in shipments. 
David Silver – UBS Securities: If I could just follow-up and just focus on the North American market, we have had a prospective plantings report come out that basically says almost the same amount of corn would be planted this year and almost the same amount of soy is expected to be planted versus one year ago. Yet, for nine months here 40% drop in North American phosphate shipments and 47% drop in potash. I am wondering how much of this is farmers anxious to pay high prices for top hybrids and [inaudible] turnaround and skimp on fertilizer and in my opinion I think something is happening at the dealer level where dealers who have this high cost inventory are just not processing it or there is a disruption or dislocation at that level. In your opinion, this might be for Mike but how much of it is farmers anxious to mine the soil and how much might be caused by dealer turmoil or even some other issues? 
James Prokopanko :  I’ll turn that over to Rick McLellan, our Senior Vice President of Commercial to handle that question. 
Rick McLellan:  Very good question. I think that what we have seen is we have described it as a stand off between the dealer and the farmer that has to do with the inventory the dealer may own. That is part of what is slowing things down. The second part is, during times when prices were increasing dealers kept their bins full. Now they want to have them empty coming out of spring both for phosphates and potash. That is what Mike talked about, the de-stocking of the pipeline. So we are seeing a little bit of both but it really is the move to empty out the inventories. We could be very pleasantly surprised on movement this spring but right now the sentiment isn’t that it is going to happen and that sentiment is coming from our dealer customers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup. 
Analyst for P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: You had mentioned that fourth quarter volumes in phosphates should be up sequentially but down year-over-year which you increased phosphate production close to normalized levels. Do you plan on warehousing a significant amount of phosphate inventory since raw material prices have dropped substantially? 
Lawrence Stranghoener :  We are going to be ramping up production because of the increased market activity we are seeing. Of course part of that is the very large contract signed with India against which we are shipping and we will be shipping aggressively in the fourth quarter. So we are ramping up production to meet what we perceive to be market needs in the fourth quarter and beyond. We continue to have relatively high inventories but those are being drawn down. They are lower at the end of the third quarter than they were at the end of the second quarter and we project they will continue to be drawn down even as we ramp up production. 
Analyst for P.J. Juvekar – Citigroup: Could you tell us what current operating rates are for PNK and what they were in 3Q? 
Lawrence Stranghoener :  We don’t disclose operating rates specifically but in the third quarter you should assume that our operating rates were in line with overall industry operating rates which were below 50%. Our production rates remain very constrained in potash and we are beginning to ramp up in phosphate to something approaching normalized levels though we won’t reach full capacity levels we don’t expect in the fourth quarter. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Dawn Carson – UBS. 
Donald Carson – UBS: First, getting back to this issue on application, I guess this is more for Mike. Farmers have been mining the soil for a few years now and aren’t seeing any impact on their yields. Do you think better genetics are perhaps reducing the need for the old application rates they used to have an in fact we are in a new paradigm for application rates going forward? Secondly, if you could just comment a little more you said you have seen some positive trends in Brazil. It would appear that Brazil buying early and largely being out of the market last fall in PNK is really what triggered a lot of the current downturn we have been seeing. Perhaps you could just comment on both the Brazilian grower economics and what you see in the pipeline down there? 
Dr. Mike Rahm:  In terms of application rates in North America, farmers have become more efficient in terms of their PNK use and I think some of that may be due to what you mention as seed genetics but I think it is also part of simply better agronomic practices and technologies that are available. I think what is interesting this year is that we are projecting U.S. nutrient use could be down 10-15% with PNK use being down much more than that and overall that is the largest one year drop in nutrient use in the U.S. since the 1982/1983 pick year. In the pick year farmers took out 40 million acres of land, 22 million acres of corn and the decline simply due to the fact they were planting less acres and not applying fertilizer on those acres. The big drop this year is coming largely from application rates. I think that is a much different scenario and one which we will see how it plays out in terms of potential yield consequences.  Maybe there is an example in South America where we saw a 9% drop in fertilizer use in Brazil and a 29% drop in fertilizer use in Argentina and certainly the weather there did not cooperate but the reduction in the amount of technology applied to those crops certainly may have exacerbated the drought situation there. So it is a situation I think people are going to be more and more interested and concerned about in terms of what are the potential impacts of these cut backs on yields in 2009.  In the case of Brazil I can give you a couple of comments and maybe Rick or others want to comment as well. As I mentioned, while usage in Brazil is down 9% for the year during the last five months of the year I think it was down something like 40% after being up 20% during the first seven months of the year. Activity has not really picked up. Of course we are getting that we are seeing the pipeline drawn down there, the [safrane] crop was application for that was I think better than expected by and large. The fact that soy beans are trading north of $9 and here recently approaching $10 coupled with a Real that is trading at 2.3 has made farmer soy bean economics in Brazil quite good and that has stimulated some selling of soy beans, forward selling of soy beans and buying of fertilizer. So that is the positive signs that we are seeing in Brazil.  Rick you may want to comment. 
Rick McLellan:  I think that the overall Brazil fertilizer business itself went into January with very, very high inventories. Those inventories are getting worked down and we are starting to see some positive indications especially this week where Campotex was in Brazil last week and sold two vessels of potash for that $750 per ton price. Those are positive indications and Mike hit that the ratio for barter, a ton of fertilizer to soy beans is working out very positive and we are seeing people buying fertilizer for this October’s planting. 
Donald Carson – UBS: One follow-up for Jim and this gets to Campotex and China contracts. Jim you note this is the second time in three years we have seen delayed contracts and a significant delay. Are there any thoughts on Campotex’s part to move away from annual contract with China given how disruptive it is to the marketplace? 
James Prokopanko :  I guess individually, I can’t speak for others in Campotex, but it makes you wonder. That said China is still very committed to having a long-term understanding about North American producers and Canadian producers being major suppliers. It does challenge the model that we are going to be long-term suppliers and they are going to be reliable long-term customers. Going to something that is closer to we are in the market and we are out of the market is implied. If that occurs, Campotex looks at that but this is a commercial arrangement and we each have our turn at bat and I think we are going to continue to look at China as an important, reliable, long-term customer and they are going to rely on Canadian producers as important, reliable suppliers and we will work through this and there will be good years and bad years for each of us and in the end if balances out. China is an important customer. We want to keep China as a customer and as a supplier we would prefer that it was nice, even shipments over the year, month-by-month but it is what it is and this will work out. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: A follow-up on China. You mentioned you expected resolution by mid year which I assume to mean as late as June 30. That is a different time frame than I think some people expect. Could you maybe discuss how you get to that date and what level of tonnage you might be expecting to come out of China, why you think they can wait that long and why can’t they wait longer? Can you give us your latest thoughts on that issue it would be helpful. 
James Prokopanko :  The Chinese are going to buy when the Chinese want to buy. We would like to sell to them sooner but they are going to play their hand to their interest. Why June? Historically they have not gone much, in the worst case, much beyond the middle of the year. It could happen sooner. I would think it would be wiser to get flowing sooner so before the end of the year whether it is May or June it is going to be one or the other. I don’t think it is going to go much beyond that. As far as the numbers and why we believe that, looking at the in-country numbers of potash inventories we think we are getting to the point that they will be emptying out their pipeline and anything beyond June is too late for them to order and without shorting the dealers close to the farmers. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I guess my follow-up to that would be what I am trying to get a better sense from you is if the U.S. farmer is going to use 30% less potash this year can you talk around the issue of why the Chinese farmer can’t or shouldn’t use 30% less potash year-over-year? 
James Prokopanko :  I don’t believe the potash producers there have been applying at the higher rate we have seen in North America. Both India and China have had an issue on their agronomics where they have not had balanced nutrition. They applied too much nitrogen that is out of balance with the amount of phosphates and potash they should be using. North American farmers have been using soil testing practices for much longer and I think they have a much better balance of [end] PNK. China is more at the sustainable levels of potash that if they go below it will impact yields and the extension workers in China I know, and I was there just in the last month and went to some of the farmer meetings where they are agronomists in their white lab coats explaining to farmers the value of soil testing and right crop nutrition and right nutrient balance. I don’t think they have room to pull down on their potash nutrients in the Chinese farms or the Indian farms for that matter. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Lastly, could you just share with us what your estimate is for in-country potash inventory in China? 
James Prokopanko :  Mike do you want to go through that? 
Dr. Mike Rahm:  Certainly there are two components to that. There are the port inventories that are visible and counted pretty regularly and at this point we think there is probably 1.6 million tons approximately at port. Then beyond the port in the supply chain it gets a lot more foggy as far as that estimate goes. There is probably I guess a number in the 2-3 million ton range is a guess at this point. Given their usage when you apply the math as Jim noted by mid year we think that with what they produce domestically and what is available in the pipeline by about mid year they are going to pull that pipeline down and be very serious about restocking. 
James Prokopanko :  I would add to that it will be the same time the North American pipeline is pretty close to empty. They will have low stocks in Latin American pipelines and India will have drawn down their reserves with everybody waiting to better their position and we could have North America, Latin America, India and China all with cupboards bare saying okay it is time to get some potash and in the meantime the major producers in the world have curtailed production. So it can get pretty tight pretty quickly. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Steve Burn – Banc of America. 
Steve Burn – Banc of America : In the Corn Belt the potash market remains dormant. Are you more apt to let the market determine what that clearing price should be to move the channel inventory out or might you take some pricing action to stimulate that demand? 
James Prokopanko :  Good question. The market, you are right in your opening comment, the market and I mean at the dealer/farmer level will determine what that price is. I don’t believe that dropping the price today is going to sell one more pound of potash. Farmers have either made up their mind or they are still making up their mind on how much they are going to apply as well as I don’t think they are very far along in deciding if they are going to plant corn or beans so there is just a lot of…the sentiment is they just don’t know. I don’t think a price change at the manufacturer level is going to move more product into the retail level or dealer level and I think that would just create more confusion. So we will let dealers and farmers figure out what that market clearing price is and the market producers will respond accordingly. 
Steve Burn – Banc of America : How much of the reservation do you think the growers have right now about making purchases on potash is just due to expectation the price is going to come down? If that is an important issue do you see it as a constructive move that in international markets you have seen quite a few orders here in just the last week or two at around the $750 per ton mark? Does that give you some confidence that it is becoming a clearing price internationally and thus gives visibility about where pricing is headed from here? 
James Prokopanko :  The first comment you made was correct. I think farmers generally believe that their cost of potash could be lower later in the summer or in the fall so they are going to take their chances and mine the soil a little bit. At the same time, as I just said previously, everybody waiting to pick off the bottom and in the meantime the cupboards are going to be bare and we are starting to see the first signs of that with Latin American sales at $750. We had some recent sales into Indonesia and Malaysia I believe in the similar kind of levels. So people are willing to buy it at that price and if North American farmers choose to pass on that market so be it. But the price looks to be holding in the rest of the world. 
Steve Burn – Banc of America : Lastly, in your off-shore business if I just look at operating income in the last four years you have had about a 1% margin in that business. Is that business worth it to you to have the outlet for product being that you have to take on currency and inventory valuation risk? Is it worth it to have that business? 
James Prokopanko :  Rick, why don’t you speak to that question? 
Rick McLellan:  It really is a good question but frankly for us having an outlet to go with our production that we can place product is a very positive impact and at Mosaic we look at it more as an end-to-end margin. The impact on production all the way through to the impact on the margin we get from being in that business and it has had some very big swings but we are still confident it is a very viable outlet for ourselves. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates. 
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : First of all with respect to your potash capacity expansion plans, a little bit confused as to why you are holding the line there. Wouldn’t it be cheaper from a net present value perspective to make product now and defer or delay putting steel into the ground? 
James Prokopanko :  You are saying why don’t we produce now and stockpile or inventory the product? 
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates :  Sure. From a net present value perspective doesn’t that pencil out better than building on track? 
James Prokopanko :  One of the reasons we have deferred or curtailed production is we are limited with inventory. We only have so much capacity. We could probably store somewhere in the range of six weeks of production. Maybe eight weeks of production. This is all stored under cover, big large facilities adjacent to good logistic systems whether it is river, rail or highways. So there is only so much room and so much product you store and that is something like six weeks of product. So beyond that we can’t store this product. 
Lawrence Stranghoener :  I would add these potash expansion projects are long-term investments we are making based upon our assessment of the very favorable long-term supply and demand dynamics in the potash market. What we are going through right now we believe is an anomaly. The investments we are making are based upon, again, our very favorable long-term view of this market and we think these investments will stand the test of time. 
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : If I could switch gears for a second and this question is really for Mike I think, are you prepared to make a call at this juncture as to whether or not these lower application rates will impact soy and corn yields significantly? 
Dr. Mike Rahm:  That is a question we have been getting for the last six months and we have actually put that to our agronomic team and they have hired an outside agronomic consulting company to actually come in and do some work. I think we have shared those results at investor conferences and so forth. We really think there are two different categories of farmers. Those that sort of maintain levels of PNK soil fertility and in those instances as Jim and others have mentioned you may take a one year holiday and not have a dramatic impact on yields. Obviously those farmers tend to be maybe a little bit older farmers who have owned their land and maybe have a little better or stronger balance sheet and so forth. The other category are those that maintain lower PNK soil levels and if they do not replenish the results of this analysis would suggest there clearly are yield impacts. I forget the exact numbers but an overall 10% decline in PNK use in that situation results in a 5 bushel or so per acre drop in yield. So we do believe that if we see these kinds of cut backs in application rates for a certain segment of U.S. farmers there clearly will be a potential yield impact. I think as Rick mentioned before, maybe Jim, farmers are spending lots and investing lots of working capital with very high tech seeds, herbicides and so forth and to cut back application rates is a very difficult decision I would think at the farm level. 
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : Larry, if we assume that application rates on the farm get back to normal for fertilizer in year 2010 how long will it take for Mosaic to get back to normal with respect to your shipments and then back to normal with respect to production? 
Lawrence Stranghoener :  I think it goes back to the question earlier about the emptying of the supply chain and how quickly demand might recover. I think Jim laid out the case pretty clearly that cupboards are going to be bare throughout the world by this summer or early Fall. Should that happen and should the world suddenly realize it needs more potash and phosphate we will be prepared to respond very, very quickly. As we have noted already we are ramping up phosphate production and we are cautiously optimistic that we will continue down that path as we start the new fiscal year and we are looking for the signals to ramp up potash production again. We can get into production mode quite quickly when demand materializes again as it will. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Picken – Cleveland Research. 
Michael Picken – Cleveland Research: I just wanted to touch base with you on a couple of things. Number one, do you have a current outlook in terms of China and what they are going to do in terms of their gap exports for 2009 and are you expecting they are going to lower the tax rate to 10% after the spring planting season? 
James Prokopanko :  The Chinese have been very rigorous about their export program and enforcing it. We have seen that particularly in the last couple of months. A reduction in duties on phosphate I think will be coming in June and July I believe and we think they will follow through with that and not do anything out of what has been published on their tariff program. We expect that Chinese exports will be something in the range of 2.5 to perhaps as high as 3 million tons of phosphate this year. Last year I think it was MAP and DAP 1.7 million tons. So we have factored in them increasing their phosphate exports but I don’t think it is going to be a change to the two months reduced tariffs, four months higher tariffs and then going through that throughout the year.  Mike do you have anything to add to that? 
Dr. Mike Rahm:  No. If you put in perspective in 2007 they exported about 4 million tons of DAP and MAP, dropped as you mentioned to 1.7 and somewhere in the 2.5 to 3 million ton range is what we expect in 2009. 
James Prokopanko :  Three years ago they exported over 5 million tons and we have seen on the way to this new tariff program there has been some leakage but in this last year they have gotten serious on enforcing the rules and laws around that. 
Michael Picken – Cleveland Research: Looking at the other side of the equation with respect to India and your outlook for how much more DAP they need to buy with respect to them reaching an acid contract not too long ago kind of what is your outlook for Indian imports of DAP and MAP? If you could even throw in acid but just where are they in terms of their needs? 
Dr. Mike Rahm:  The demand outlook in India remains extremely robust. We expect that their DAP/MAP imports in calendar year 2009 will be in that 6.6 plus million ton range. That is the result of continued demand growth for phosphate and DAP use and continued moderate increases in their domestic fabrication of DAP based on import rock and acid. 
James Prokopanko :  With that we are going to conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to remind each of you that we continue to have a great deal of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business. The need to produce more food has not abated. The world is not getting less hungry. Mosaic is playing a significant role in meeting this demand to produce more food and is in the best position to create value for our shareholders and customers for years to come. With that thank you very much. Have a great day. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-01-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Christine Battist – Director IR James Prokopanko – President & CEO Lawrence Stranghoener – EVP & CFO Dr. Mike Rahm – VP Market Analysis & Strategic Planning Rick McLellan – SVP Commercial Manager Steven Pinney – SVP Phosphate Operations  
Analysts:  [Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company] Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley [Michael Picken – CRC] Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse  Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs  Steve Burn – Banc of America  Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates  David Silver - JPMorgan Robert Goldberg – Unspecified Company 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company fiscal 2009 second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of the Mosaic Company. 
Christine Battist: Happy New Year and welcome to Mosaic’s fiscal 2009 second quarter earnings conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are James Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lawrence Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and other members of The Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio webcast and the slides are available on our website www.mosaicco.com/investors and they enhance our discussion but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call and I'll send the slides to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during the call and these statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, January 6, 2009 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  Additional information concerning the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast, or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now I'll turn the call over to Lawrence who will recap some highlights from our second quarter results and provide insights on the factors impacting our business. 
Lawrence Stranghoener : Thank you Christine, good morning to all and thanks for joining us today. We are experiencing a perfect storm in the crop nutrient markets with a combination of factors dramatically effecting farmers, producers, and the entire supply chain in all parts of the agricultural world. James will share with you more details about this environment and the steps we are taking to work through this downturn and to effectively position Mosaic for the coming upturn, but first I will recap some highlights from our second quarter results.  Our results as summarized on slide four exhibit strong growth versus last year driven primarily by higher selling prices and the gain on the sale of our investment in Saskferco. These factors offset the impact of lower sales volumes and an inventory valuation write-down.  Net earnings for the second quarter were $960 million or $2.15 per diluted share. These results included a $1.03 per share gain on the sale of Saskferco, and a $0.41 per share inventory write-down. Let me discuss each of these items in more detail.  Early in calendar 2008 we announced our intention to sell our stake in Saskferco as part of Mosaic’s strategy to focus our resources on our strong potash and phosphates businesses. Together with our partner we completed this sale on October 1, 2008 for gross proceeds of $1.5 billion of which we received half for our portion of the investment.  The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of $673 million in our second fiscal quarter. We recorded a deferred tax liability of $215 million on this gain resulting in an after-tax gain of $458 million. We do not expect the deferred tax liability to have a cash impact in the foreseeable future. This was a great transaction for Mosaic as it accomplished a key strategic objective with a very attractive financial outcome. Less attractive was the impact of the current market environment on the carrying value of our inventories. Declining selling prices, and rapidly declining raw material costs for phosphates, namely sulphur and ammonia, required us to record an inventory valuation write-down because the carrying cost of certain ending inventories exceeded estimates of future selling prices. The pre-tax write-down totaled $294 million with $213 million recorded in our phosphate segment, $149 million in offshore, and $6 million related to nitrogen products, with an offsetting net credit of $74 million in our corporate other segment.  The write-down is based on assumptions regarding future selling prices and raw material costs which may or may not be accurate depending on market conditions and further assumes that most of this phosphate and offshore inventory will be sold at no margin. Turning to business unit results, our potash segment delivered a strong quarter primarily driven by higher selling prices offset by a decline in sales volumes. Our average MOP selling price was $529 per tonne, an increase of $41 from our first quarter results.  Operating earnings were $548 million, more then a threefold increase compared to the same period last year. Potash selling price increases more then offset higher resource taxes and royalties and a 15% decline in sales volumes such that gross margin grew to 59% versus 41% last year and 52% in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. Looking forward potash sales volumes are expected to remain soft at least through the third quarter. Realized prices are expected to decline slightly compared to second quarter levels due to a higher percentage of lower priced industrial sales.  In light of the weak demand outlook we are prepared to reduce potash production by up to one million tonnes in the second half of this fiscal year to better control our inventory levels. This includes the impact of reduced production rates which we undertook during the recent holiday season.  Our phosphate segment posted disappointing results due to a lack of demand. A full distribution pipeline, steep declines in raw material prices, and a host of other factors resulted in cautious buying behavior by customers and a sharp decline in sales volumes. Phosphates operating earnings were $259 million compared with operating earnings of $347 million in the same period last year. Gross margins compressed to 17% versus 32% last year. This decline was the result of the inventory write-down, higher raw material costs, and the impact of lower operating rates.  The average DAP selling price for the quarter was $1,083 per tonne, within our guidance range as realized DAP selling prices did not begin to decline until the latter part of the quarter.  We expect the phosphates segment results to be much weaker at least through the third quarter because of lower selling prices and margins, soft sales volumes, and lower production levels. Because of the write-down we expect that most of our third quarter phosphate volumes will be sold at no gross margin.  As we previously announced we reduced our phosphate production by approximately one million tonnes through December, 2008 and we are further reducing production by an addition one million tonnes to better manage inventory levels during these slower-then-normal market conditions.  Our offshore segment also experienced a fall off in demand due to a full distribution pipeline and weak farmer economics primarily in Brazil. Along with the inventory write-down noted earlier, this resulted in an operation loss of $120 million compared to operating earnings of $26 million a year ago. The offshore gross margin is expected to remain weak at least through the third quarter or until crop nutrient demand returns to more normal levels. Despite the mixed results this quarter we believe we have the best liquidity position among our peers with total cash of $2.8 billion and debt of $1.4 billion as of November 30, 2008. As you know we have worked hard during the past four years to strengthen our balance sheet and to build a strong cash position and this is serving us well. We generated $387 million in cash flow from operations during the second quarter, compared with $543 million a year ago.  Cash flow was lower due to the poor sales environment as well as the timing of income tax payments which totaled $568 million in the second quarter. We expect to be a net user of cash at least through the third quarter or until we see sales volumes pick up. Our substantial cash reserves give us much flexibility and position us to emerge from this downturn with our financial strength in tact.  Now let me comment briefly on our financial guidance, like companies in many industries we are providing less guidance then we have in the past simply because of the significant uncertainties in our markets.  We had previously withdrawn our sales volume guidance for the year and have no update to provide at this time other then to repeat our expectation for weak sales volumes at least through our third quarter.  Additionally given the modest number of sales transactions that are occurring we have elected not to provide DAP and MOP selling price guidance ranges for the third quarter though we have noted we expect third quarter realized phosphate prices to be down substantially and realized potash prices to be down slightly from second quarter levels. We are updating our annual capital spending guidance by noting that we have reduced planned outlays to a range of $800 million to $900 million this year, down from our previous range of $900 million to $1.1 billion.  We remain committed to our planned potash expansions as we like the long-term outlook for potash and these are long lead-time projects. That said, we are evaluating whether to moderate the pace of our expansions in light of near-term market conditions and less robust cash flow.  As for other guidance SG&A costs are now expected to be down slightly from our prior guidance to $340 million to $360 million, the effective tax rate is still expected to be in the low 30% range, and our guidance for Canadian resource taxes and royalties has been withdrawn in light of the uncertainty about potash volumes.  Now James will share some insights on the factors impacting our business, the outlook and what we are doing to manage through this environment. 
James Prokopanko: Thank you Lawrence and good morning everyone. Happy New Year to all. I hope that for all of us 2009 proves to be more prosperous and more predictable then the year just ended.  I’d like to briefly touch on the key factors impacting Mosaic and also provide some perspective on what we see ahead. Dr. Mike Rahm, who heads our Market Analysis and Strategic Planning team will discuss the outlook in greater detail at our Analyst Day next Tuesday, January 13, in New York City.  During this call, I’d like to highlight a few important items. Crop nutrient markets are recalibrating due to several global factors that include, the decline in grain prices, a large drop in raw material costs, lower nutrient demand prospects, stronger US dollar, and the drop in energy prices.  This recalibration in manufacturing costs and farm economics resulted in reduced fall fertilizer application, froze the distribution pipeline, backed up inventories of production points, and forced many nitrogen, phosphate, and potash companies to reduce output.  The uncertain farm economics caused some farmers to decrease nutrient use or postpone application from fall to the coming spring season. Slide six shows the drop in agricultural commodity prices throughout the quarter. This drop has sent [bare] signals to farmers and corresponds to price actions seen in other commodities, notably oil. We are encouraged by the recent rally in grain prices and the decoupling from oil and believe this may portend a recovery in the markets we serve.  Slide seven shows the decline of sulphur and ammonia prices which are key inputs for phosphate productions. These larger then expected declines fueled marketplace expectations for lower phosphate prices and coupled with a sharp drop in nitrogen prices hastened a sudden change in market sentiment with buyers choosing to sit on the sidelines during this last fall fertilizer season.  A late harvest in North America exacerbated the situation. Slide eight shows that farmers in many regions battled the elements throughout November to get late maturing crops out of the field. In fact, many did not have the time to complete fall fieldwork. For example, the Iowa Department of Agriculture reported that farmers had completed just 43% of their planned fertilizer application by November 30. This compares to a five-year average of 66% for the state.  All of these factors impacted our second quarter results and will impact us in varying degrees during the second half of fiscal 2009. In looking forward I will comment about the immediate near-term outlook for the next six months, and then will comment separately on our outlook beyond our fiscal year end.  Prospects for the balance of 2009 hinge on how quickly demand returns which in turn hinges on two factors. The first is farm economics. As already noted and as shown on slide nine we are encouraged by the Santa Claus rally in agricultural commodity markets and estimates of record US farm income. Since December 5, commodity prices have increased between 25% to 30%. If this rally continues through to the spring, then higher grain prices coupled with lower production costs for diesel, propane, and crop nutrients, will provide an added boost to farm economics and should provide the self-correction mechanism needed to reverse the current downturn. The second factor is how quickly out of the money dealer inventories get work down along the entire supply chain. We expect that dealer customers will average down their inventory costs through new purchases at lower prices. This along with lower retail prices eventually will facilitate movement of inventories through the pipeline. This difficult process will happen, but it may take some time.  As for the long-term, as summarized on slide 10, we need to remember that there are 73 million more people at the dinner table every year and diets globally are improving. Despite this, the world currently has access to historically low levels of grain and oilseed stocks and continued bumper crop production is an urgent priority.  Also there is a limit to the amount of arable land available for crop production. As a result increased crop production must come primarily through higher productivity and crop nutrients will be a primary driver. Finally, there has arguably been insufficient investment in crop nutrition capacity in recent years creating the potential for new supply/demand imbalances until new capacity is brought online.  Just six months ago the world was focused on food security issues including food riots in many cities. This was brought about by long-term demand factors which are still very much at work, though they have been masked in the short-term by the global economic crisis. Clearly the world still needs to produce a bumper crop in 2009 to meet projected demand and grain and oilseed markets are beginning to recognize just that. Slide 11 shows that back-to-back record harvests have barely moved the needle on the gauge measuring overall grain and oilseed stocks. Another bumper crop is required next year to meet the demands for food and fuel as well as to build stocks to more secure levels. Now I want to conclude with a few points on what Mosaic is doing in this environment. First we operate in markets that are global, cyclical, and commodity based. My management team accepts this fact and has extensive experience in all cycles of this business and we have just added a new senior executive, [Jock O’Rourke], who brings extensive global mining and operating experience to our team.  Of course no one has a crystal ball that will predict these swings in the market but we do know how to manage through these fluctuations.  Second, we are controlling what we can control. This starts with maintaining a highly disciplined approach to managing our business. We are reducing production as appropriate. We are taking steps to reduce planned capital expenditures even as we continue investing in projects to improve productivity.  We are also preparing to reduce costs more aggressively if the market remains soft. Finally, we are managing our balance sheet wisely and maintaining tight scrutiny of all operating and financial risks we face in this uncertain environment.  Based on my nearly three decades in this industry, I can assure you that even in the midst of these cold winter days, and let me tell you it is plenty cold here in Minnesota, spring is certain to follow. We expect that the strategic path we embarked on last year, namely focusing on growing our core potash and phosphate businesses, will stand the test of time.  Clearly we are experiencing some tough [sledding] right now but we are well positioned strategically and financially for when the market turns and we know that it will turn. I continue to have a great deal of confidence in the long-term outlook of crop nutrients and I look forward to discussing this with you in greater detail at our Analyst Day next week in New York.  Now we’ll be happy to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of [Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]
[Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]: I noticed in your quarter that the debt declined by $66 million, could you tell us what you repaid in the quarter?
Lawrence Stranghoener : We opportunistically bought back some debt on the open market that was offered to us at very attractive prices, nothing more then that. 
[Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]: Could you tell us which bonds debt you were repurchasing?
Lawrence Stranghoener : I’d have to get back to you separately, I don’t know off hand. 
[Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]: The $746 million that you received from the Saskferco sale, did that flow through to your cash balances because I noticed you said it was held in Canada? 
Lawrence Stranghoener : Yes that does, that is included in our cash balances.
[Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]: Looking ahead what do you think about working capital for the next quarter, do you think it will be a large use of cash?
Lawrence Stranghoener : Working capital is actually a source of cash in the most recent quarter as we collected a big chunk of receivables. Going forward we would expect inventories to build modestly from current levels until we see sales volumes increasing so I would expect it to be a modest net user of cash in the third quarter. 
[Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]:  So most of your expectations for a negative cash flow then comes from declining EBITDA as we look ahead for the third quarter not from any kind of one-time cash outflow, they’re from a working capital cash outflow. 
Lawrence Stranghoener : Yes, that’s correct. 
[Christan McDuffie – Unspecified Company]: Could you give G&A by segment?
Lawrence Stranghoener : I could do that but in the interest of time, let’s move on and I’ll get back to you separately with those numbers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Wondering if you could comment on two things, first maybe any update on the Chinese potash negotiation and then secondly you commented that Brazil is going to remain difficult through fiscal 2009 whereas the rest of the business you’ve characterized as just at least through 3Q 2009 and I wonder if you could talk about what we need to see in Brazil for that market to improve and how much the outside of the Brazilian market is going to hinge on Brazil improving. 
James Prokopanko : Two questions, China first, the China potash, those negotiations are under way and China will buy when China chooses to buy. We think its going to certainly be in the first half of the year perhaps the first quarter, and we’re optimistic that we’ll achieve a sale, another annual sale with China and that’s about all we can say on that.  As for Brazil a couple of things have happened, some of gotten more encouraging but overall its been a tough agricultural market in Brazil. We did have a period where the Real strengthened, now that’s reversed. The US dollar strengthened, so there’s been some encouraging news for Brazilian soybean farmers.  Its been mostly around some other crops along with the credit availability its been tough in Brazil with this global economic credit crisis, farmers and dealers have been impacted throughout Brazil so that is, that’s taken a bit of the bloom off the rose there. As well, sugar prices are down and some of the other non-oilseed commodity prices have been down. So its just, they’re going through a tougher ag economy in Brazil then we’re seeing in North America for example. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Do you still expect that the Chinese to contract for higher volumes this year then last year and then just on Brazil what needs to take place to turn that market around, is it more government involvement from a credit perspective, higher crop prices, or what do we have to look for?
James Prokopanko : China, we’d hope they’re going to buy more. We’re not, I’m not going to make that forecast here on this call but we think they’re going to be, at least with we purchased, and perhaps higher then last year. What has to happen in Brazil, we have to see continued rally in Brazil in soybeans which we’ve been seeing over the last month.  We’ve seen the US dollar strengthen which is positive and we think with a little bit of time, by next harvest we’ll be seeing back to a normalized business in Brazil. We have higher inventories then we’d like to see, the whole market does in Brazil, and that will clear out with time and should be through by the summer months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Michael Picken – CRC] 
[Michael Picken – CRC]:  If you could a little bit about the current stalemate between the fertilizer dealers, farmers, you alluded to it a little bit in your prepared comments but just trying to get a sense of what sort of brings this stalemate to an end, is it just that the retailers are going to eventually cave in on pricing or do you think the farmers are going to start buying more and how long can the farmers wait before running a risk of shortage next spring. 
James Prokopanko : Well you’ve got a dealer network that would like to recover their costs, which is clearly an understood imperative and they will along with what they can replace that product at, have to look at a new blended price and so we’re going to be getting closer to the point where farmers have to go to the fields and that time is going to start, we’re going to start approaching that certainly in the southern US come the end of January, February farmers have to make the decisions and start making their orders.  Dealers are then going to have to decide at which price they’re going to make the sale or farmers are going to choose not to put the fertilizer on. Its buy it or don’t and if you don’t buy it well you can rest assured that there will be less grain and there will be a market response in the months ahead.  So I think farmers understand that as well that prices have been rallying and I think there’s going to be greater incentive for them to apply normal nutrient levels to their fields. 
[Michael Picken – CRC]: Just as you think about the global phosphate market do you think at this point given the cuts that you’ve made and some of your competitors have announced, do you believe that the level of the cuts have been sufficient to the point where we might start to see a stabilization of phosphate prices, and I know that’s sort of hard to forecast and then I know the China wildcard is also in there, but it looks like their government proposed a series of performs in the last two weeks designed to sort of help its domestic farmers and fertilizer industry and how do you see this potentially impacting you on the phosphate side.
James Prokopanko : It all comes down again to commodity prices and if we see stability in these commodity prices that we’ve used the last 30 days as any indication that we have and even some strengthening, we will see sentiments turn very quickly.  Right now we estimate that something less then half of the world’s phosphate production capacity is in operation. In other terms one-half of the production at least is shut down. We are starting to get to a period where you just can’t turn that back on in a day and ship all the product and have it there next week.  So you’ve got not just the phosphate producers that have idle capacity but you have the important links in the supply chain, rail companies that have idled rail capacity and I think we’re starting to really play a dangerous game of chicken here that its going to be too late to get product into some positions when the farmers actually want it.  We’ve got a matter of four or five weeks to get this system working again or there will be less fertilizer available for farmers to put on their fields. And in China with all that’s happening in the economics, they remain committed to keeping their agricultural sector vibrant, increasing production, and maintaining or lowering the cost of food. They don’t want food inflation going on at the rates of the last few years so they brought a lot of resources to bare to increase production. So I think the Chinese are certainly going to certainly in country, use all the fertilizer they have in the past and perhaps a bit more and then what they have left over for export, the government has made it very clear that they are concerned about too much fertilizer leaving the country.  So our estimate is I think this year about 2.2 million tonnes of DAP and [MAP] will have been exported from China and we’re seeing that only being marginally higher next year, maybe 2.5, 2.6 million tonnes.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse  
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse :  It sounds to me like there is a severe pinch on the supply chain and if we were to see normal demand patterns for farmers in the early spring, what’s your sense that we might have a panic buying, or a reversal in fertilizer prices?
James Prokopanko : The chance of a panic buying, the supply chain is full. If there is no shortage of fertilizer to go out to farmers that want to buy today and the next couple of weeks. In many parts of the country there is a second fill that takes place in season and if this is delayed much too long there is going to be a challenge to getting that fertilizer into position.  We’re not forecasting where these prices are headed. I think my judgment is, right now there’s much more upside then there is downside and what its going to hinge on is what happens to these commodity prices going forward. 
Dr. Mike Rahm : I think that’s a good question and frankly I think we would have answered it differently a month or six weeks ago but the combination of factors such as the severity of the drop in shipments, the rally that we’re seeing in commodity prices, and as James commented before, the movement of power of rail cars out of position to move fertilizer to spring is beginning to raise concerns about the capability of the supply chain to deliver the tonnes that are needed this fall.  Our estimates assuming shipments in January remain dormant and pick up a little bit in February, peak shipments in March, April, May, we think for phosphate have to be 15% greater then the average that we’ve shipped during this period during the past three years and for potash probably 20% greater. That is becoming an area of concern for us. 
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse : In the past you’ve had some lag in your DAP prices and you obviously had a good price realization this quarter, are we likely to see a continuation of this lag or because of revaluations and everything else will it decline in coming quarters?
Lawrence Stranghoener : We’ll continue to sell forward when the market rebounds as we always do and that necessarily means there may be a lag between our realized prices and current spot prices. It will depend very much upon the trend in spot prices and so prices will be what prices will be when supply and demand factors sort themselves out, but we’ll continue with the selling practices that have worked well for us and for our customers and that will imply that there will be a lag between spot prices and realized prices. It happened on the way up and its happening on the way down and presumably it will happen again back on the way up.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs  
Bob Koort – Goldman Sachs :  On the inventory side, obviously we can see what you do from a producers standpoint with the TFI numbers, give us some sense of what’s going on at the dealer level and I think you mentioned that at some point they can average down their inventory with current prices, I’m just wondering what kind of buying capacity they might have and then I know you said you’re not providing a pricing forecast but I guess Lawrence had to have some price incorporated into that inventory write-down, can you give us some sense of what that price looks like relative to current pricing?
James Prokopanko : Many of the warehouses are full, but as I said earlier, the dealer warehouses are full or near full with NPNK, nitrogen, urea, phosphate, and potash. There is capacity for them to buy and certainly commit for a refill into those warehouses. Clearly with what’s happened in the markets and raw material costs everybody is being hyper cautious and doesn’t want to extend their commitments until they know a bottom has been put into the market.  And our observation is with the kind of questions we’re getting now and the inquiries from buyers, I think people realize that we’re, as I said earlier, there’s more upside from today’s prices then there is downside. So we’re starting to get a sense that people are ready to come to the table and begin to make some commitments.  Beyond that, these dealers had, many many dealers had an exceptional year last year. They’re perhaps going to give some of it back this year with prices that might be higher then replacement but you don’t run a business just for a year, it’s a multi year enterprise and I think many of the good and great dealers that I talk to, they understand that, that there’s up and downs and that there might be a bit of give-back this year and it was a great year last year. So they’re come back to the table. I have little doubt and we’re seeing those early signs of it. And as far as the pricing, and no we’re just not going to go down that road and provide indication and yes, Lawrence, and our commercial team estimated but we’re going to keep that to ourselves for obvious commercial purposes.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Burn – Banc of America  
Steve Burn – Banc of America :  To continue on that pricing front, can you confirm that the Moroccans have settled at least some first quarter [rock] prices at or above $250 a tonne? 
Rick McLellan: There has been confirmation that they’ve completed some business at that level. 
Steve Burn – Banc of America : Does that suggest that the non-integrated producers will likely remain idled until that pricing returns to say $550 a tonne?
Rick McLellan : I think that the biggest issue right now is with the amount of production that’s out, those producers are out as well and most people have inventory that they have to work their way through and so the impact will be muted as they work through that inventory. 
Steve Burn – Banc of America : And then on potash, is your forecast for a sequential decline in your net realized potash price due exclusively to mix shift towards industrial, in other words have you seen any cracking in the fertilizer potash prices anywhere?
Rick McLellan: Right now we haven’t seen anything that shows that the ag business has shown any cracks and its strictly about product mix and we’ll be shipping more industrial in this quarter.
Steve Burn – Banc of America : Can you just quantify that, what percent of your potash shipments will be industrial this quarter versus normal?
James Prokopanko : Typically I think you probably know that roughly 15% of our shipments are industrial. It will be a higher percentage this quarter and I think we’ll just leave it at that.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates  
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates :  Can you give us a bit of a sneak preview as to what you think will happen to application rates for P&K, let’s say North America for next year all-in?
Dr. Mike Rahm : Short answer is I wish I knew, but we’ve done some research with respect to our dealer customers and even with our farm customers and right now in our S&D, we’re baking in a 5% to 10% drop in the national average application rates for P&K. We expect that corn acreage even though some recent surveys show those numbers dropping into the low 80s, we think at the end of the day they’ll be in the mid-80s.  So based on that we have about a 10% drop in P&K usage in the US baked into our S&Ds.
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : Then on the raw material side, just a huge disparity between the spot prices of sulphur, ammonia, and of course what you show in your second quarter results, can you give us any flavor for when you think those spot prices get baked into what we see in your reported results on the raw material side?
Steven Pinney: On the sulphur realizations our inventories are very full at the moment. Its going to take some time into the next fiscal quarter before those inventories can be worked down. Part of that is dependent on how much of a reduction we take in the production side to work through those inventories, so I really can’t give you an accurate forecast of when we’ll actually see prices approaching the spot. 
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : And finally you talk about a million tonne reduction in potash production, that’s compared to what? Compared to last year, compared to your previous guidance, just trying to understand what do I subtract a million tonnes from?
Lawrence Stranghoener : That would be compared to our capacity which would be roughly comparable to the original sales guidance that we had. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Silver - JPMorgan 
David Silver - JPMorgan:  I’d like to ask the potash negotiation question a different way, last year for the first time I think India jumped the Q and concluded a large long-term potash agreement ahead of the Chinese and when I look out into the market today, I’m scratching my head and I’m saying, well it seems like from a customers’ point of view there would be a first mover advantage as well so from the [Capotex] perspective, is there interest from India or other large buyers looking to take advantage of kind of the uncertain market now and maybe cut themselves a better deal then if they wait for the Chinese to conclude their negotiations?
James Prokopanko : We, [Capotex] concluded a sale in the last month or six weeks to the Japanese and Koreans, so they were not as large as a Chinese or Indian sale, but it was a material size sale. And so they have a view that these markets are going to remain strong and I think that’s wise counsel with the curtailments that have been put in place or that have been announced, buyers shouldn’t dawdle over making the commitments and ensuring that there’s production available, product available for their needs.  We’d encourage the Indians to come to the table but right now it’s a negotiation that’s going on with the Chinese and that is the, that’s the largest new bit of business ahead of us. 
David Silver - JPMorgan: You may have addressed this directly and I may have missed it, but should we assume that the inventory write-downs that you took and reported in the second quarter results, has that captured the bulk of what’s gone on in the market or is there some risk that post November 30, there could be some further downward adjustment that we see come through in the next quarter or two?
Lawrence Stranghoener : The write-down reflects our assumptions with respect to future selling prices and of course those assumptions may or may not be accurate. We believe we’ve taken an appropriately conservative view of that but until we see where prices settle out, once we start to see more sales transactions I can’t rule out the possibility of an additional write-down.  That would be surprising to us though if that were necessary. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert Goldberg – Unspecified Company
Robert Goldberg – Unspecified Company: I just wanted to follow-up on a comment in the press release that you expect operating cash flow to be negative at least through the third quarter, since you commented earlier that you don’t expect working capital to be a significant use of cash, I was just wondering how you would get to a negative number for operating cash flow since you do have about $90 million of depreciation. I’m wondering what, I’m assuming you’re not presuming a loss in the quarter so I’m wondering what else is in that calculation to come up with a negative number.
Lawrence Stranghoener : Well recognize that in the phosphate business virtually all of the volume we’ll be selling will be a zero gross margin and so you can draw your own conclusions about cash flow in that business. The primarily issue is that we just don’t see much sales volume. We have liquidated in effect a good chunk of receivables in the second quarter and so there’s not likely to be a net inflow of cash from working capital. In fact, as I mentioned earlier, there’s likely to be a modest net outflow with respect to working capital. And so on balance I think people should be looking for weak cash flow in the quarter and we think it could well be negative.
Robert Goldberg – Unspecified Company: So just to summarize if the working capital outflow were to offset the depreciation and amortization in the quarter, the way that operating cash flow would negative is if you had a small operating loss I suppose.
Lawrence Stranghoener : And there would be other items that work there with respect to tax payments and such. 
Robert Goldberg – Unspecified Company: Were there [stiffing] in tax payments in the November quarter or did they swing into the February quarter?
Lawrence Stranghoener : No there were substantial tax payments in the second quarter. 
Robert Goldberg – Unspecified Company: So you would expect some of that to recur possibly in the February quarter or are those semi-annual payments?
Lawrence Stranghoener : Taxes are paid on a quarterly basis based on our estimates of what full year taxes will be and I don’t yet know exactly what I should be looking for in the third quarter but I’m just suggesting what some of the factors are that might lead to negative operating cash flow. 
James Prokopanko : With that we’re going to conclude our questions and I’m going to just exercise my prerogative of having last word at least on this call. A few comments I want to make, first the Mosaic team really performed well in our second quarter by making the most of the market opportunities that we were presented and for making our own share of opportunities available to the company.  Our results I think for the second quarter demonstrate that claim. Second although the third quarter will have its share of challenges, my Mosaic colleagues are well equipped and prepared to manage and lead through this period.  Its important that I reinforce that this is just the kind of period we’ve prepared the Mosaic enterprise for by building a strong balance sheet, establishing a significant cash reserve, reducing our debt, and pursing operational excellence throughout our business.  Finally, I continue to have a great deal of confidence in the long-term outlook for our business and the urgent necessity for the world to continue to build on its capacity to produce food. Mosaic is playing a significant role in helping the world grow the food it so desperately needs.  We look forward to seeing you next week at our Analyst Day on January 12 in New York, take care everybody.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist - Director of Investor Relations James T. Prokopanko – President and Chief Executive Officer Dr. Mike Rahm – Vice President of Market Analysis and Strategic Planning Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants  Neal Wolin for Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse David Silver - JP Morgan Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates  Brian Yu - Citigroup  Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Steve Burn – Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to The Mosaic Company fiscal 2008 fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations, of the Mosaic Company. 
Christine Battist: Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning, and other members of the Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The slides are available on our website, www.mosaicco.com/investors and they enhance our discussion but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call and I'll send the slides to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during the call. The statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, October 2, 2008, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued yesterday and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast, or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim who will recap some of the highlights from our first quarter results. Then Mike Rahm will share some insights on the agricultural sector and outlook, and finally Jim will share some updates to our financial guidance and comments on our cash position.
James T. Prokopanko: Unquestionably we are facing historic events in both the financial and commodity markets, with much yet to be sorted out. Against this volatile backdrop we began Mosaic’s fiscal 2009 year by delivering another quarter of record performance with quarterly earnings nearly four times the prior year. We continue to believe that we are well positioned financially, strategically, and operationally, to serve our customers worldwide and execute on the strong, long-term fundamentals of the agricultural sector. I will begin by highlighting a few financial metrics related to our first quarter results, as summarized on Slide 4. Our results were driven by higher selling prices due to strong customer demand, underpinned with strong agricultural fundamentals, and our ability to operate our mines, plants, and supply chains effectively. These factors more than offset higher sulfur and ammonia costs, higher Canadian resource taxes and royalties, and mark-to-market derivative losses. Net earnings for the quarter were $1.2 billion, or $2.65 per diluted share, or nearly four times the first quarter earnings of fiscal 2008. Gross margins improved 12% to 38% compared to a year ago at 26%. These results included net unrealized mark-to-market derivative losses of $115.0 million, or $0.18 per share, and a foreign currency transaction gain of $87.0 million, or $0.13 per share. Our Potash segment delivered a strong quarterly quarter, primarily driven by higher selling prices. Operating earnings were $478.0 million, quadruple the same period last year. Potash price increases more than offset higher resource taxes and royalties and unrealized mark-to-market derivative losses such that gross margin grew to 52% versus 31% last year. Our Phosphate segment posted another outstanding quarter despite higher raw material costs and lower than expected selling prices. Phosphates posted operating earnings of $951.0 million, or triple the operating earnings for the same period last year. Gross margins expanded to 39% versus 30% last year.  The average DAP selling price for the quarter was $1,013 per tonne, modestly below our guidance. Following strong increases of the past year, DAP prices leveled off toward the end of the first quarter. The combined effects of softer seasonal demand, higher customer inventory levels, and falling raw material costs have led to a shift of customer sentiment resulting in more conscious purchasing behaviors.  With better balanced inventories and supply chain demands, we will adjust our phosphate production levels downward during the next several months by 500,000 tonnes, to as much as 1 million tonnes. And adjust our sales volume guidance by similar amounts. We anticipate stronger phosphate buying activity in the second half of the fiscal year and remain very confident that the long-term phosphate fundamentals are positive. Dr. Mike Rahm will speak more about the market outlook in a moment. Our Offshore segment once again posted strong performance with operating earnings of $159.0 million, well above any prior quarterly results. This increase was the result of higher selling prices and gains earned from positioning inventories in a period of rising selling prices. Gross margins were 17% versus 10% last year. In the future, the Offshore gross margins is expected to be lower than in recent quarters if selling prices do not continue to increase. I have asked Dr. Mike Rahm to share some insight on the market outlook with the focus on the longer-term fundamentals that we believe to be positive.
Dr. Mike Rahm: A number of factors, ranging from the current turmoil in the financial markets to uncertainties caused by government policies, have clouded our crystal ball. But as we peer through the fog, we continue to see a very positive outlook for agriculture and for our two core businesses.  Let’s begin with agriculture. Agricultural fundamentals still look rock-solid to us. Farmers have responded to record high agricultural commodity prices by growing bin-busting crops during the last two years. Slide 5 shows that global grain and oilseed production has increased more than 200 million tonnes during the last two years.  That is an outstanding supply response, yet Slide 6 shows that back-to-back record harvests have barely moved the needle measuring overall grain and oilseed stocks. We can see from the cross-hatch bar that inventories now are projected to increase 23 million tonnes and stocks as a percentage of use is forecasted to inch up just slightly. The record crop this year has calmed agricultural commodity markets following the near-panic attack earlier this summer when heavy rains and flooding delayed planning and damaged crops in many parts of the U.S. Corn Belt. However, our analysis indicates that another bumper crop is required next year to meet the demands for food and fuel, as well as to build stocks to more secure levels. That means farmers will need to plant more area and intensify cropping processes in order to increase yields. The three bars on the right of this chart illustrate the potential outcomes for low, medium, and high production and use scenarios in 2009. We draw three conclusions from this analysis.  First, trend-line yields next year are not good enough to meet projected demand, let along build stocks to more secure levels. In fact, under the medium-term scenario global grain and oilseed stocks decline and stocks as a percentage of use drops to the lowest percentage since 1973/1974.  Second, a severe weather problem next year would likely send commodity markets into a real panic attack. Under the low-yield scenario stocks decline more than 90 million tonnes and the stocks to use percentage would drop to less than 13%, the lowest percentage in modern history and even less than the low levels of the early 1970s. Third, ideal growing conditions and another bumper crop are required, not only to meet projected growth and demand, but also to build stocks to more secure levels. Under the high-yield scenario stocks increase to a level that provides more cushion to absorb a potential supply shock in 2010. Despite fallout from the current financial crisis, this analysis indicates that agricultural commodity markets will have to price in this need for more area and higher yields in 2009. We expect that the main field crops, and especially corn and soybeans, will wage another fierce battle for acreage during the next several months. Slide 7 shows that 2009 futures prices, while down from the peaks earlier this summer, and hit hard this past week, still remain at high levels with new crop soybean, wheat, and corn price trading in the $11, $7.50, and $5.50 per bushel range respectively. Those prices still support profitable farm economics and solid crop nutrient demand prospects. There is optimism on the farm. That may sound hard to believe for those of you listening from large financial centers, but many farmers are harvesting record crops this year and selling them at the highest prices they’ve ever received. As Slide 8 illustrates, the U.S. Department of Agriculture recently estimated that U.S. net cash farm income would climb to $101.0 billion in 2008, despite the steep increases in crop input costs this year. As noted at the start, a number of factors have riled up our crystal ball, but the agricultural outlook looks clear and rock-solid to us. Now let’s turn to the market outlook for phosphate and potash. In the case of phosphate, fundamental drivers continue to look positive, but as Jim noted, a number of factors have combined to slow new sales, increase producer stocks, and cause us to reduce planned production during the next few months. Slide 9 shows that DAP and MAP stocks held by U.S. producers at both on- and off-site facilities climbed to 1.2 million tonnes on August 31, 2008. That was up 28% from the low level a year ago and was up 8% from the three-year average for this date.  Many customers have stepped out of the market in order to assess how the recent decline in sulfur prices and an expected decline in ammonia prices will impact phosphate prices.  Many buyers, especially those in the Americas, have that luxury, given a full distribution pipeline. The magnitude and speed of the drop in sulfur prices, as illustrated on Slide 10, is worth noting. A $450 per tonne decline in sulfur prices lowers DAP production costs approximately $180 per tonne. Lower sulfur and other raw material costs provide price relief for customers as well as cost relief for phosphate producers. Distribution pipeline stocks increased last year, especially in the Americas. Slide 11 shows that global processed phosphate imports outside of China jumped 14% to [audio noise] million tonnes last year. World phosphate use increased in 2007 but some of the large increase in shipment last year was carried over for use this year. As a result, we expect that global import demand this year will decline slightly from the record of last year before increasing at a more normal rate in 2009.  The largest pipeline stock builds took place in Brazil and the United States. Slide 12 shows that Brazilian-processed phosphate imports surged about 50% last year. Phosphate use increased 16%, so more product was positioned throughout the entire supply chain than was used by farmers last year. As a consequence, the imports are projected to drop 21% as distributors work down inventories this year before rebounding in 2009. In the United States, Slide 13, shows that U.S. DAP MAP shipments increased 9%, while we estimate that phosphate use declined slightly during the fertilizer year that ended on June 30. As a result, we expect that domestic DAP MAP shipments will drop from about 7.8 million tonnes last year to 7.1 million tonnes in 2008/2009.  Recent statistics indicate that the destocking of the pipeline has begun. Domestic shipments from June through August dropped 24%, or almost 500,000 tonnes compared to the high levels a year ago. Swings in pipeline inventories should not be confused with changes in use. Despite the projected drop in producer shipments this year, our Brazilian team forecasts that crop nutrient use will remain flat to up a couple of percent and we estimate that U.S. phosphate use will remain about even with last year. Managing through swings in pipeline inventories is part of this business and is not unique to phosphates. As I noted at the start, phosphate fundamentals still look positive to us. You can see from Slide 14 that India is expected to import a record-smashing 5.3 million tonnes of DAP and MAP this year and as you can see from Slide 15, high export taxes have reduced Chinese DAP MAP exports during the last several months. Our assessment is that it may take another 60 to 90 days for raw material costs to stabilize, for customers to work down large pipeline inventories, and for the return of a more normal flow of phosphate through the very long and very large distribution pipeline. We continue to advise our customers to monitor three fundamental factors. Grain and oilseed prices, raw material costs, and Chinese export policies for a cue on the direction on the phosphate market. As I noted earlier, our crystal ball is clouded a bit, but at this point it looks to us like each of these drivers points in a positive direction in the medium term. In the case of potash, the most recent statistics indicate that the market remains tight. Slide 16 shows that stocks held by North American producers at both on- and off-site facilities dropped to just 550,000 tonnes K2O on August 31, the lowest level in modern history and equal to only two weeks of production by North American producers. Record demand continues to fuel the potash markets. Slide 17 shows that after surging 16% last year, world import demand is projected to increase modestly this year and then increase another 6% in 2009. The small increase this year is especially impressive, given that imports by China likely will drop more than 35% due to the delays in settling 2008 contracts. Slide 18 shows that shipments to China dropped significantly during the first half of this year but large increases in almost every other market more than made up for this decline. The resumption of more normal shipments to China during the second half of this year, the expectation of more timely settlements of the 2009 Chinese contracts, and strong demand prospects in other major importing markets, are expected to keep potash moving at a break-neck pace, not only for the rest of this year, but throughout 2009. On the domestic front we project that potash shipments and use will remain about flat in 2008/2009. This forecast assumes that corn and soybean acreage will increase to 91 million and 76 million acres respectively and that wheat acreage will decline to about 60.5 million acres. It also assumes that application rates on major crops will remain flat to down modestly as farmers respond to record prices by utilizing advanced technologies such as variable-rate application. Those are the key points I wanted to make. I am sure we will have time in the Q&A to go into more detail on some of them.
James T. Prokopanko: I would like to reiterate a few points that Mike just made. First, swings in pipeline stocks should not be confused with changes in use. The fundamentals of our core businesses, beginning with the basic need to plant more acres and grow higher yielding crops, remain positive. Record demand continues to fuel both the potash and phosphate markets, but we are taking the decisive steps necessary to work through the temporary slowdown in the movement of phosphates through the distribution pipeline. I would like now to shift to our financial guidance, as summarized on Slide 20. Due to the near-term factors we have outlined, phosphate sales volume guidance for fiscal 2009 is being reduced modestly to a range of 8 million to 9 million tonnes. We expect the majority of the reduction in sales tonnes will occur in the second fiscal quarter. Mosaic’s realized DAP price FOB plant for the second quarter of fiscal 2009 is estimated to be $1,010 to $1,080 per metric tonne, slightly higher than Q1 levels. Potash sales volume guidance for fiscal 2009 remains unchanged at 8.2 million to 8.6 million tonnes. We are producing all we can, as fast as we can, and we wish we had more inventories at hand to satisfy customer demand. Mosaic’s second quarter fiscal 2009 average realized MOP price FOB plant is estimated to be $560 per tonne to $620 per tonne. We are tempering our second-quarter outlook for phosphate volumes, though our full-year results should still be outstanding by any measure, including the generation of substantial cash flow. Now let me comment briefly on Mosaic’s cash position. As all of you are keenly aware, we are experiencing tumultuous events in the financial markets. Clearly, liquidity is king right now and our strong focus on building cash and a fortress balance sheet is serving us well. You can expect us to maintain our disciplined approach to liquidity management in cash allocation decisions. As a reminder of our intentions regarding the use of cash, our first priority is to invest in our plants and mines for high-return growth and energy-reduction projects, as well as sustaining projects to ensure efficient operations. To this end, our capital expenditures will more than double this fiscal year to approximately $1.1 billion. Our second priority is to maintain a substantial amount of cash as a liquidity buffer. The need for this is obvious given recent credit market dislocations and would be even more so if our business was not performing as well as it now.  Third, we intend to distribute excess cash to shareholders when appropriate. To this end, we implemented a modest regular dividend just last quarter, far sooner than we originally expected. We know that some of you are looking for more and we are evaluating more meaningful distributions of cash in the future and the appropriate means for doing so. Before that can happen, note that our current credit agreement limits the amount of distributions we can make, so a necessary first step, we have to redo or amend our credit agreement, not a simple task in today’s credit environment. In the meantime, current events suggest this is a great time to maintain a substantial cash balance. In closing I want to emphasize four key points as summarized on Slide 22. First, we had a very good first quarter and expect strong year-over-year earnings growth throughout the rest of this fiscal year. Agricultural fundamentals remain positive and Mosaic employees around the globe are executing effectively. Second, potash fundamentals remain robust and we like the outlook for this business and we are moving ahead with our previously announced expansion plans. Third, we also like the outlook for the phosphate business and hereto we are well positioned to capitalize. We are responding aggressively to a near-term hiccup in the supply and demand fundamentals and expect more robust market conditions in the second half of the year. And though volume may be weaker this year than we first thought, margins remain excellent. This is a very good business in an excellent industry and we are executing our plans with discipline and focus. Finally, we are certainly aware of the instability in global financial markets and are closely monitoring and evaluating the risks this may pose to use, as well as to our customers and suppliers. This is not, however, distracting us from our primary goals of serving our customers well, engaging all of our employees in the execution of our strategy, and generating strong returns for our shareholders. You can count on this management team to maintain our focus and perspective, even in the midst of these challenging circumstances. Thank you very much for listening. Now we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Jim, quick question for you. What gives you confidence that DAP prices will remain at those levels, despite the decline in the one or two years?
James T. Prokopanko: What I would suggest is the focus needs to be on margins, not on sales price. And that’s what’s driving our bottom line, is the very strong margins we’re seeing. So although we may miss, and could possibly be wrong, with what our sales forecast is, we’re comfortable and confident in our margins, that we see input costs go down, the drives that reduce sales price, we still see good margins in this business.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: In the factors that you cite and Mike cite, some of them that result in the softness in phosphates right now, which ones are more concerning to you, which you think of these are likely to persist for a while and which ones do you think is just a temporary blip?
James T. Prokopanko: What is the most concerning? Well, we’ve got to watch what is happening with grain prices and returns to farmers, and that’s going to drive final use numbers. Less concerning, but very real, is the bulge in the pipeline stocks, and we see this as a bulge in the pipeline, not a reflection of actual farmer use.
Operator: Your next question comes from Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch. 
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Jim, on margins, which you rightly noticed the focus here, your call on sulfur was pretty good, because it has come crashing down, at least internationally, what kind of a lag do you see, though, for sulfur pricing coming down in the U.S., given that there is still some tightness post all the refinery outages?  And then a couple of questions for Mike Rahm. One, if fall fertilizer applications fall a little short because of a compressed season, can you make that up in the spring?  And then secondly, in terms of, you gave us your acreage outlook for corn and soy, you know, corn margins are still above soy but in a world of constrained credit, soy takes a lot less working capital. I’m just wondering what impact that might have on the acreage balance next spring?
James T. Prokopanko: On the sulfur prices, we have quarterly contracts, as you know. We have just concluded our third calendar quarter, July, August, September. We are negotiating with sulfur producers, they have not been prepared to capitulate on the price but the world prices that we’re seeing reported to be down as low as $400 and some unreported but stories of $200 sulfur prices being posted. We expect that that will start hitting our production facilities over the next three months, [ac novem dies] when we conclude our fourth quarter calendar contract. So it’s around the corner for us.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: So you don’t expect any lag to that international fall then?
James T. Prokopanko: There will be a lag in terms of our inventories. We do have product purchased at the higher prices so it will get blended in, a little slower going down, just as it’s slow going up, to get the full negative impact. But we see, over the next few months that we will be getting much lower sulfur prices.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: And just to be clear, we would expect higher cost per tonne in our second fiscal quarter because of this lag effect that Jim cites, before what could be a very significant decline in cost per tonne in the third and fourth quarters of the year.
Dr. Mike Rahm: In terms of your two questions, we expect a good fall season, assuming the weather cooperates. Farmers are taking a big crop off, we think they are in a very good financial position, strong balance sheets. We have not picked up wide-spread stories about serious credit constraints, so I think we are poised for a very good fall season. And as you say, if the crop is two to three weeks late, that could be the only fly in the ointment there. If the fall turns out to be disappointing, can we make it up in the spring? I think, although our supply chain will probably cringe, I think the answer to that is clearly yes. We have had a couple of analog years in the past where fall shipments, for whatever reason, have been down, there have been huge shipments requirements during the spring season, and despite a lot of grinding and gnashing of teeth, a product has been delivered to people in time for the spring application season. The second question on soybean acres and working capital and how that might impact soybean versus corn, that’s a very good question. Again, I would go back to what we said earlier, that we are not picking up a lot of issues with respect to credit at this point, in the country side. I agree with your assessment that corn prices I think may have to move up to pull in the acres that we think need to be planted to keep that S&D in balance.  So as I said in the remarks, we fully expect that there will be another battle for acres once the harvest is in and once these crops start competing for what we think is the area they need for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants : Your [Tapp] plant, can you talk a little bit about the impacts of that, I believe it was out for part of the quarter. And is it back up or is that part of the plan to keep that down so that would be an area where you wouldn’t produce as much DAP?
James T. Prokopanko: No, we haven’t addressed that question. You said [Tapp], you are referring to our Uncle Sam and Fostina plants in Louisiana. Yes, they suffered some damage, mostly wind damage. Thankfully not water damage in the Hurricane Gustaf. We have been down and probably will be down now for about a month. We are getting the plant back up and in production and it’s not a plant that, it probably was out approximately 30 days, back running now. And with its capacity to produce phosphate and load it on the river, that’s a plant we’re going to keep running. I think it will answer a question that you may have implied in there is how are we going to take out the 500,000 to 1 million tonnes. What we plan to do is just feather back production at our Florida facilities and I don’t see taking a curtailment of any plant, but just take the foot off the accelerator a little bit.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants : For those of us who aren’t farmers, I certainly can appreciate that they’re having a good crop and their balance sheets are going to look pretty good, but don’t farmers basically have to borrow a lot of money in order to basically finance the purchase of a lot of raw materials, including fertilizers? I’m just trying to understand how that works out for your average farmer. Can you kind of walk me through that?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, Mike quoted a number, I think it was 2007, their crop year, we’re estimating farms to have a net farm cash income of $101.0 billion. That is the third consecutive outstanding year they’re having. I think two years ago they had a good year and it was about a $60.0 billion net farm cash income. Farmers have got good balance sheets, good farmers have cash on hand, and yes, they may have to get some financing, but that’s a solid place for banks to be investing. Good security on the farm. And we’re sensitive to it, but we are not seeing, at this point, farmers being stressed for capital to plant their upcoming crop.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neal Wolin for Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse.
Neal Wolin for Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: I had a question about inventory levels in Brazil. Obviously that’s one of the key issues here. Is there any specific area where you are seeing inventory build? Is it sitting at the ports? Is it at distributors? Is it already at the farm just waiting to be used? Could you give some color on that?
Dr. Mike Rahm: Inventory levels are high in Brazil and our assessment is it’s pretty much throughout the distribution pipeline. As you know, we are approaching peak application season there and our expectation there is that those will get pulled down. To give you some numbers, through August, shipments to farms in Brazil were up about 10%. I think at the end of July they were up almost 19%. So August and the expectation for when the numbers for September come in is that shipments to farmers have slowed down, as they have bought early. We expect that [ac novem dies] will be respectable month and that by the end of the year, when all the tonnes are counted, Brazilian fertilizer use will probably be equal to last year, which was 24.6 million tonnes of use, to maybe even up a couple of percentage points, depending on how things play out between now and the end of the calendar year. So, yes, pipelines generally are well-stocked, prior to the start of the season. And that’s what we’re seeing in Brazil. And we saw a lot of product get placed early and things are slowing down now in terms of movement to the farm. We expect them to pick up in the fourth calendar quarter.
Neal Wolin for Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: We’re hearing in regions like Montegrosso that they are actually giving a drop in prices, that farmers may be underwater to a certain degree. What is your sense of the farmers down in Brazil able to fund their purchases of fertilizers? Are they going to cut back? Will this necessarily mean that it will take longer to draw down the inventory in Brazil?
Dr. Mike Rahm: That’s a good question. A couple of points. Two things in play. We have seen the real weaken and that has given us a boost to the export-oriented agricultural sector there, and in fact, the depreciation of the real has to some extent made up for much of the recent decline in soybean prices. So I think you have to keep that in mind. Think in terms of reals per bag or reals per bushel as opposed to dollars per bushel.  And in our assessment, from the team down there, is that generally we think overall planted area is going to be up a little bit. How intense they are in terms of applying inputs is more uncertain. We think there may be less intensity than we’ve in the past but we think acreage or area will be up.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Silver - JP Morgan.
David Silver - JP Morgan: I wanted to ask you about your industrial potash business. So that’s an area where Mosaic, I believe, has a leading market position. You key competitor, I think, is suffering either official force majeure or unofficial force majeure. Does that present any opportunities for you or is that business that because you are a little bit short on inventories heading into this year, that that business is fundamentally just going unmet? Can you talk about the opportunity that you have there from some unmet demand on the industrial potash side?
James T. Prokopanko: You picked up on an important point and particularly if you are the industrial customer that relies on the various products that come from potassium chloride, potassium hydroxide, and so on, food preservatives are a big user of it, plastic packaging goods. And yes, one of the major producers is, with their supply problems, some industrial accounts have had force majeure declared on them and they have called us.  We have not been able to find the extra production or the inventory to serve them. So that’s not something we can step in and fill. Our industrial potash production is fully committed. Every tonne that we are pulling out of the ground and producing has got a designated customer on it. So simple answer, no, we can’t fill some of the unmet needs right now. But all of our customers are being taken care of.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Jim, or maybe Mike, I would like you to maybe comment, this is going to be a question of how we should think about the DAP market here versus the potash market. So in other words, when I think of the change in supply capability for DAP and potash year-over-year, I think it’s about the same, couple of percent up, when I think of the demand profile, corn, wheat, soy, cotton, etc. I also think that the ultimate end market demand profile for P versus K is pretty similar. However, here through the end of the summer we have had a very different pricing action between potash, which seems to be stable to higher, and DAP, which seems to be weaker. Can you talk about, from your perspective as kind of a member of both of the export marketing agencies for potash and phosphate, can you talk about what you think the key differences are that have led to this difference in recent price performance? Is it the distribution channel? Is it the size and the shape of your different customers? Is it long supply chain? What kind of gives the potash market that firmness here that seems to have eluded the DAP market?
James T. Prokopanko: Let me give an answer and, Mike, if I miss something you can just add to it. I think what has occurred this last couple of quarters is that we have seen the rise in phosphate prices precede the increase in potash. And so over the last couple of quarters, with rapidly escalating phosphate prices, dealers, distributors, retailers, have been eager and motivated to get the phosphate product into the warehouses before they saw further price increases. So what we see now is this bulge in the pipeline. They filled up, anticipating just for their price increases. Potash was later to start seeing escalating prices. We had a reduction in China last year of potash demand. So it was just a little later that potash started facing growing, strong global demand. Phosphate space and dealers and warehouses are full, they can’t really take much more.  There is view now, and I think a correct view that I subscribe to, that potash demand is going to come back, particularly with the Chinese having to restock their pipeline, which is contrary to what we’re seeing in North America, very low, particularly in potash. So the Chinese have to come back and start buying product and so the anticipation is with them having to buy as much as 50% more than they did last year, it’s potash’s turn to sort of be out of balance in terms of supply and demand.
Dr. Mike Rahm: That’s a great question. And I think the answer is that we don’t necessarily see as many differences as what might appear today. I think if you think of our business as, let’s say, a long distribution pipeline or supply chain, at one end you have farmers who are using the product about two days out of the year. There’s either a spring application or a fall application.  At the other end of the pipeline you have mines and processing plants that are operating 24/7/365 and throughout the course of the year you have a flow of product moving through that very long and very large pipeline. There aren’t all that many sources of supply in terms of where these minerals are found and as a result we sell product to farmers in every corner of the globe. So that the pipeline is long and given the differences in how we produce it and how farmers use it, it has to necessarily be a very long pipeline. As I said in the comments, the swings in the pipeline are not unique to phosphate. We have short memories. Go back about two and a half years, the first half of 2006, we were in the same boat with potash. The inventories had built sharply in North America, the Chinese and Indians were in a protracted negotiation with suppliers, and we were scaling back our potash mines because the system was plugged. And so think of it in terms of our production facilities in phosphate have about three weeks of production space. So we have to continually move product through that pipeline. And when we say we believe the fundamentals are good for both of these nutrients, that sort of relates to what’s coming out at the end of the pipeline and what’s going in. We think that balance is very positive and that’s why we like both of these businesses. Now, I think just to elaborate a couple of points that Jim made, phosphates are different in the sense that there are two important purchased raw materials, namely sulfur and ammonia, for integrated players. And this past year we have seen wild swings, unprecedented swings in those raw material costs, which have caused prices to go up and now they are causing prices to come down. And when prices go up, that increases the rates of flow of a product coming from producer points. And pipelines will build and it’s a very, very large pipeline and as we’ve said, we think it will take 60 to 90 days to pull that down. And the pipeline will probably go to very low levels.  But at the end of the day, if you’re concerned about how much needs to come out of the end of the pipeline versus how much needs to go in, we like both of these businesses.  Probably another factor that is important between the differences is the China factor. Last year when pipeline stocks built, China was there pushing product into the pipeline, feeding the tremendous demand on the part of distributors to build these stocks. This year they haven’t quite disappeared by they certainly have cut back a great deal.  So, the fact that there are purchased raw materials for phosphate that causes prices to swing up and down, and the China factor, are two differences I think that make phosphate a little bit different than potash. Sorry for the long-winded answer but I think that’s how we view these two businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates.
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : In the real world, farmers, it sounds like dealers are going to have to take LIFO charges with given the fact that they have purchased product on the DAP side at much higher prices and are going to be pressured by their customers to perhaps sell at lower prices. So are LIFO charges going to be a problem for your customers, the dealers? And what about LIFO charges for Mosaic, given how you account for these things?
James T. Prokopanko: Dealers have been buying over the last three to four months, that’s what is in their warehouses. And there are some very handsome prices they have in those warehouses and by that I mean low prices, so I think the dealers are going to do just fine when you look at their average, blended fertilizer prices. So the bottom line, I don’t see this at all as an issue for the retailer and dealer.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: It’s not a concern for us at this point with our inventories. There is still a very healthy margin between the average cost of the product and inventory and current selling prices. As we indicated earlier, we would expect that the cost of product to be coming down over the coming months, over the next three to six months. So we don’t think this is an issue for us.
Mark Gulley - Soleil-Gulley & Associates : And Mike, you talked about the optimism that farmers feel based upon the 2008 harvest and I appreciate that, but I can’t think that they’re that optimistic about the price/cost squeeze facing them for 2009. Those crop prices ease, as your graph shows, and these costs are rising, do you think you’re going to see a lot of sitting on hands by farmers and/or demands for lower prices and they try to confront a price/cost squeeze for next year?
Dr. Mike Rahm: Actually, when you look at the 2009 farm economics they, if you plug in 2009 new crop prices versus current spot prices for crop nutrients, expected prices for seed corn, diesel, and so forth, those economics are not a heck of a lot different than the 2008 economics. Assuming that a producer sold the crop at these new crop prices less a basis. So our assessment of farm economics still remains very positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Yu- Citigroup.
Brian Yu - Citigroup : Jim, taking what we’ve learned from the current destocking phase in the phosphate market, does this alter your approach to selling product in the future or your restock plans at [South Pierce]?
James T. Prokopanko: To your first question, does it change our approach? Well, we had some advice from analysts and investors that when the prices were going up we should be more spot-oriented and I don’t know if you are suggesting that we should be longer-pricing now, but no, we haven’t changed our pricing.  We are being thoughtful about when we price and how far out we go. It’s a long supply chain, you’ve heard that from us a number of times, so there is just the logistics and the physics of it all, you have to price out six to eight to ten weeks out. So we’re not really changing that. We’re being cautious in terms of our potash pricing beyond our November time. We’ve got programs out and have made our, call it the fall sale program has been done. So we’re being cautious going out much beyond the next eight weeks. And so the [South Peirce] question next is something that is going to be caught up in this reduction of our phosphate production and we will put that on indefinite hold. And we’re partially down that road but in terms of the capital spending, nothing really material on that, so that won’t be coming on line until we see this bulge in the pipeline being reduced.
Brian Yu - Citigroup : My questions wasn’t so much with pricing, but just more of how your approach to shipping product, you have a pretty good sense of what demand is going to look like, and given your leadership role in the industry, is there any way for you to control the outbound flow of product so that you don’t end up over-supplying the chain?
James T. Prokopanko: What I hear you asking is should we take a management approach in what’s in the pipeline. We’ve got a production engine that produces in the range of 800,000 tonnes a month and we’ve got about three weeks of storage capacity. So we’re going to move it as the various markets in the world need it and as we produce it. So there’s not a lot of room to control that throttle.
Brian Yu - Citigroup : You commented earlier that with the phosphate business it’s more about margins rather than pricing so taking a look at margins in phosphates, Mosaic generated $517 per tonne of product sold in the phosphate business, excluding very smart market adjustments. What type of margins do you think Mosaic needs to get for its products to fully value the resources going forward? Is it in the $500 per tonne area? Is that the type of margins you see yourself trying to defend?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: The margins that we are currently generating, that we generated in this past quarter, are at historically high levels, at very attractive levels. As we indicated earlier, because of the lagging effect of rising sulfur and ammonia costs before we start to see the downturn we think that that margin will likely decline in the second quarter. We do believe, however, we will see very healthy margins and recovering margins in the second half of the year and I would emphasize again that the margins that we are currently seeing, that we expect to see, are high by any historic measure for the phosphate industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: You mentioned earlier that there were some analog years where you were able to make up for the fall and the spring. Could you just provide us with what those years were?
Dr. Mike Rahm: I think that the best year was 2006 or 2007 where you looked at the total shipments of all fertilizer products. And I’m talking primarily about solid fertilizer products. So we looked at DAP, MAP, potash and you compared it to shipments during the previous five years, they were off dramatically. I think it was the fall of 2006. That was the year where I think we had 93 million acres of corn, so there were big demand requirements next spring, and yet we ended the first half of the fertilizer year with shipments below normal for, I think, virtually all those products. And there was a huge shipping requirement for the spring of 2007, I believe it was.  And I think we had some help from weather. I think there was a pretty orderly break to the season and in the end, after lots of concerns about people not getting product, and I think there were a few scattered outages here and there, but by and large the supply chain was able to produce or deliver the tonnes that were needed. So the best analog year, I think is 2006/2007. We can go back and take a look at those numbers if you would like to follow up with that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Could you talk about how you came to the production cut volume numbers and how you see kind of the delta between one or the other and why you think that the high end is the max you will have to do?
James T. Prokopanko: We did our forecast of global demand by geography, by customer, worked it up from what our sales force in the country anticipate for customer requirements and backed it into our production schedule and our judgment is something in that range, given all we know today and grain prices that we’re facing, this is our best judgment of what will balance out the supply and demand chain.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What price of corn were you assuming in that analysis?
James T. Prokopanko: The kind of values that we’re seeing today, this week, we’ve seen a bit of weakening in the commodity markets, the grain and oilseed markets the last couple of weeks, and just sort of projecting that in that range.
Dr. Mike Rahm: Some key assumptions there, we’ve mentioned before domestic DAP MAP shipments dropping from 7.8 to 7.1 or 7.2. We expect Chinese exports in 2009 to DAP and MAP to remain in that 2.5 million tonne range. We expect a rebound in Brazilian imports, I think we mentioned a 9% climb. So there are a number of assumptions that go into that and those are our best estimates, guesses, at this point.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: What do you assume for the Chinese export tariff?
James T. Prokopanko: That’s a difficult call. You saw from the chart that Chinese exports have really tailed off. I wish we knew. I’m not sure the Chinese officials are agreed upon what they intend to do.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Let’s assume that the tariff goes away, what would that mean to your production forecast, do you think?
James T. Prokopanko: That’s hard to say. It’s difficult to speculate on that. As we’ve said all along, China is a big swing factor.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And if we think about the non-integrated phosphate producer now, how should we think about the break-even cost of production there and how are you thinking about what their production plans might be? I mean obviously you think the raw material costs are going to come down.
James T. Prokopanko: Right now I think for fourth quarter acid prices in India, they were settled at 19 and 20 roughly, given the spot prices of ammonia. We think the cost of those raw materials delivered per tonne of DAP is about $1,085. So they have reflected those differences. When you look at Indian DAP production we think it’s going to be below 4 million tonnes, 3.7 million tonnes, down dramatically from what we’ve seen in the past. So India is importing more DAP and less raw materials and intermediate products to product DAP.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: How are you thinking about the seller of rocks to the non-integrated producer? How do you forecast the risk or think about the risk that there would be a price cut in rock for the non-integrated producer?
Christine Battist: We need to wrap up the call so you can take this off line.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Burn – Merrill Lynch.
Steve Burn – Merrill Lynch: Were there any unusual costs in the fiscal first quarter in either business? It looks like unit costs, backing out provincial taxes on potash and backing out the sulfur and ammonia costs on phosphates just appeared higher than they have been in the last few quarters. Was there anything unusual?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: The mark-to-market charges.
Steve Burn – Merrill Lynch: I backed that out, too.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: The other issue would be volume just being generally lighter and so on, absorbed overhead was an issue in the quarter. Otherwise there was nothing of any significance that stands out. We re-estimated reclamation costs, that was a minor bit in the phosphate business but nothing else that was particularly noteworthy.
Christine Battist: That concludes our formal comments of the call today and we will be happy to take your questions back at the office.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Christine Battist - Director of IR Jim Prokopanko - President and CEO Mike Rahm - VP of Market Analysis and Strategic Planning Rick McLellan - SVP of Commercial Larry Stranghoener - CFO Norm Beug - SVP of Potash Operations 
Analysts: Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse Don Carson - Merrill Lynch David Silver - JPMorgan Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets Mark Gulley - Soleil Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch Paul D'Amico - TD Newcrest Kent Green - Boston American Assets William Boone - RBC Wealth 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company fiscal 2008 fourth quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. The floor will be open for questions following today's presentation. Your host for today's call is Christine Battist, Director, Investor Relations, of the Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Christine.
Christine Battist: Thank you, Frances and welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2008 fourth quarter Conference Call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Rahm, Vice President, Market Analysis and Strategic Planning and other members of the Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using some presentation slides during the conference call today. You may view the slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The slides are available on our website, mosaicco.com/investors and enhance our discussion but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact me after the call and I'll send the slides to you. We will be making forward-looking statements during the call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management's beliefs and expectations as of today's date, July 29, 2008 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast, or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. Now, I'll turn the call over to Jim who will recap some highlights from our fourth quarter and fiscal year. Then Mike Rahm will share some insights on the crop nutrient environment and then Jim will wrap up with our strategic direction for fiscal 2009 and beyond. Jim?
Jim Prokopanko: Well, good morning. And thank you for joining us today. It's been an exceptional year for Mosaic, and I'm pleased to not only talk about our fourth quarter results, but also discuss the opportunities ahead for agriculture and for Mosaic. As the world's leading producer and marketer of concentrated phosphate and potash crop nutrients, we have an exceptional opportunity to help meet global demand. Our assets, our products and our people are now more essential than ever to help the world grow the food it needs. But before I begin, I want to start by thanking my 7,400 colleagues at Mosaic for the determination, stride, and excellence they've shown in completing what has been an exceptionally strong year performance. After only 3.5 years since the formation of Mosaic, my colleagues have found their stride and are performing as a world-class team with more yet to come. Now, with respect to our financial results. We delivered record net sales, record net earnings and a return of 30% on invested capital and more than $2.5 billion in cash flow from operations in fiscal 2008, including $1 billion in the fourth quarter alone. This outstanding financial performance enabled us to meet our other important goals as well as including the pay down of debt and achievement of investment grade status. I'll highlight a few financial metrics related to our fiscal fourth quarter results as summarized on slide 3. Net earnings for the fourth quarter were $863 million, or $1.93 per diluted share. This represents a year-over-year increase of nearly $660 million or more than four times the fourth quarter earnings of 2007. Return on invested capital, the metric we consider to be most closely correlated to shareholder value, was 30% for fiscal 2008. Our results were primarily driven by higher selling prices due to strong agricultural fundamentals and customer demand and our ability to operate our mines, plants, and supply chains at high levels of efficiency. Our Phosphate segment had another outstanding quarter posting operating earnings of $797 million, nearly a four-fold increase from the same period last year. The average DAP selling price for the quarter was $754 per tonne, which exceeded our guidance due to a favorable geographic sales mix. The higher selling price more than offset higher sulfur and ammonia costs. Our Potash segment also had a strong quarter with operating earnings of $331 million, double the same period last year despite substantially higher resource taxes. Again, the headliner was capturing higher selling prices. Our average cost in the Potash segment increased to $220 per tonne in the fourth quarter compared to $130 per tonne in the same period a year ago. This was primarily caused by significantly higher resource taxes and royalties. A decline in sales volume versus a year ago and an appreciating Canadian dollar also negatively affected potash costs. The reduction in sales volume compared with the year ago quarter [Technical Difficulty] fiscal 2009 despite the impact of rising resource taxes that comes with rising selling prices. Our offshore segment posted strong performance with operating earnings in excess of $100 million, well above any prior quarterly results. This resulted from the strong presence we have in fast-growing agricultural markets of Asia and Latin America and the benefit from positioning low cost inventories in a rising selling price environment. We accomplished several important goals this past fiscal year as summarized on slide 4. As we committed to do, we achieved investment grade status in early June. Since Mosaic's formation in 2004, we work relentlessly to generate cash and pay down debt to achieve this commitment. We generated $1 billion of cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter. This is a 400% increase over the fourth quarter last year. We also told you that we would introduce a shareholder distribution plan and we've done so. On July 17, we announced the initiation of our first quarterly dividend of $0.05 per common share. We are pleased to begin returning cash to our shareholders. Improving internal financial controls also has been a priority since Mosaic's formation. During Fiscal 2008, we remediated our one remaining material control weakness. Today, Mosaic has well-established internal control processes and is well-qualified to support our business and protect our shareholders interests. We're pleased with our Fiscal 2008 performance. It was a year of intense focus on execution and we've accomplished all of our primary objectives. We're optimistic about our company as we look forward to fiscal 2009 and beyond. The world continues to face growing pressures on food security and Mosaic is well-equipped to make a difference, by helping the world grow the food that it needs.  I will now ask Dr. Mike Rahm to highlight the industry outlook for fiscal 2009.
Mike Rahm: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. As Jim noted, the outlook for our core phosphate and potash businesses remains exceptionally strong. In fact, the supply and demand balance for these two nutrients during the next year looks as tight as I can recall during my 23 years as a Market Analyst. That statement is no shocker and as slide 5 indicates, the market agrees with this assessment.  Price moves of the magnitude shown on this chart typically are the result of a combination of several demand pull and cost push factors. That clearly is the case for phosphate and potash prices. First, phosphate and potash demand is growing at much faster rates today than in the past. Second, energy and raw material costs have escalated sharply during the past 12 months. And finally, recent government policies in a few countries have significantly impacted both demand and supply. Before looking at each of these factors, let me note that the robust outlook for phosphate and potash translates into outstanding earnings prospects for Mosaic this Fiscal Year. Mosaic is the largest phosphate and potash producer by a significant margin. Our combined production of phosphate and potash last fiscal year, totaled about 9 million tonnes of nutrients, measured in P2O5 and K2O. That was 15% greater than the P & K production reported by our closest competitor for calendar year 2007. Now let's look at a few of these market drivers in more detail beginning with demand. slide 6 shows that global phosphate use is projected to increase 24% or 8.9 million tonnes P2O5 from 2006 through 2012. That is a compound annual growth rate of 3.1% or 120 basis points higher than the 1.9% rate from 1995 to 2005. Global potash use is forecast to increase 27% or 7 million tonnes K2O during the same period. That is a compound annual growth rate of 3.5% that too is 120 basis points higher than the 2.3% rate from 1995 through 2005. Profitable farm economics undergird these robust demand forecasts. Despite steep increases in crop input costs, farm economics remained profitable for a wide array of crops in most regions of the world due to the run up in agricultural commodity prices during the last two years.  For example, slide 7 summarizes our analysis for a high yield corn and soybean operation in the Midwest. It shows that variable costs will approximately double between 2006 and 2009 due to higher diesel, seed, herbicide, crop nutrients and LP gas costs. Despite these increases and despite the recent declines in corn and soybean prices, farm economics remain very profitable. Revenue, after variable costs in 2009 although off from the expected record for the 2008 crop, is projected to remain at a level more than double the average from 2003 to 2006. The same trend holds true for other crops in other regions ranging from wheat and canola in Saskatchewan to soybeans in Mato Grosso to rice and palm oil in Southeast Asia. The bottomline is that profitable farm economics are expected to keep nutrient demand growing at the higher rates of the last few years. During the previous calls, we've stated that markets are asking farmers to rev up the powerful engines of production agriculture. Given the uncertainties about the size of this year’s harvest, I think it's fair to say, that the markets now are asking farmers to put the pedal to the metal, as they prepare for the fast approaching planting season in the Southern Hemisphere and for the spring 2009 planting season in the Northern Hemisphere.  Slide 8, is the most important slide in this deck. It shows that the record harvest of 2007 and another expected record crop in 2008 will just stop, rather than reverse the decline in global grain and oilseed stocks that has occurred this decade. In fact, the latest USDA statistics released on July 11th, show that inventories of the 16 leading grain and oilseeds crops will increase a measly 4 million tonnes. That compares to projected consumption of about 2.6 billion tonnes.  The supply response to high agricultural prices during the last two growing seasons was good, but not good enough to reverse this unsustainable trend. Nutrient demand prospects continue to look outstanding, given the need to plant more area and intensify cropping practices in order to grow much larger crops to meet the accelerating demands for food and fuel. The second fundamental factor that is pushing up crop nutrient prices is raw material costs, especially for non-integrated phosphate producers. Cost pressures continue to build for non-integrated players. During our last earnings call, we noted that raw material costs for a non-integrated producer in Asia, had escalated to more than $1,000 per tonne of diammonium phosphate or DAP. Based on current spot and quarterly contract prices, costs today have climbed to about $1,250 per tonne of DAP. Non integrated producers account for roughly one-third of the world's phosphate supply, so the market requires the output from these producers in order to meet global demand and the higher costs of these non-integrated producers are a key determinant of market price. Slide 9 highlights Mosaic's competitive advantage. Mosaic is the largest integrated phosphate producer in the world. As you can see from this chart, our large scale rock mining operations are the main source of our competitive advantage. We also have made substantial investments in sulfur transportation and logistics assets over the past several years, and those too are providing us with a competitive advantage today. Finally, government policies in several countries are impacting both supply and demand. These policies range from subsidies, that help farmers keep nutrient demand growing at rapid rates in some countries to prohibitive export taxes that limit supplies from other countries. China, not surprisingly, is one of the main players and is a key swing factor in both the phosphate and potash markets this year. Slide 10 shows China's DAP and MAP exports. After soaring last year, we estimate that Chinese exports will drop sharply this year as a result of the 135% export tax imposed on April 20th. More importantly, exports during the first half of 2008 were equal to a year earlier, so all of the decline will take place during the second half of this year. You can see from this chart that exports last month were off significantly from the high levels a year earlier. The loss of these tonnes creates a big hole that other suppliers will need to fill during the next several months. Slide 11 shows China's myriad of potash imports. We estimate that China will import just 6.4 million tonnes of potash in 2008, down from a record 9.4 million tonnes last year. However, as you can see from this chart, most of that decline took place during the first half of the year. The sharp drop in imports this year, coupled with decent demand prospects, is expected to deplete the Chinese pipeline by the end of the year. As a result, we project that China will import record or near record volumes of potash in 2009. The combination of normal shipments to China during the second half of this year, the timely settlements of large Chinese contracts next year, and continued strong demand in all other import markets is expected to keep the potash supply/demand balance extremely tight.  Supply will continue to struggle to keep up with surging potash demand this fiscal year. Again, this is how we're handicapping the main factors that will impact phosphate and potash market during the next 12 months. As I noted at the start, the market environment looks exceptionally strong during fiscal 2009. Now back to you.
Jim Prokopanko: Well thanks, Mike. The global supply and demand fundamentals for crop nutrients are compelling and we expect this momentum to continue. I would now like to share with you Mosaic's strategic plans for fiscal 2009 and beyond as summarized on slide 12. You will notice how our plans are aligned with where the agriculture sector is headed. We believe our investments to expand our potash and phosphate production are essential to meet the world's growing demand for food while creating value for our shareholders and customers. We are aggressively pursuing our plans to grow our potash business by more than 5 million tonnes of annual capacity over the next 12 years. We currently have projects underway at our Colonsay and Belle Plaine potash facilities. Industry expansion costs continue to increase and this is true for us as well. Nonetheless, we believe our Brownfield expansion plans continue to be substantially less costly compared to any Greenfield project. During the fiscal 2009 year, we plan to invest further in our phosphate assets in order to realize additional operating efficiencies and to expand capacity to help meet demand for crop nutrients. One of these investments involve the restart of certain sulfuric and phosphoric acid production at our South Pierce facility. This added asset production will allow us to more fully utilize the existing granulation capacity at our New Wales plant, as another example, we plan to invest in new equipment to expand production capacity for our MicroEssentials product line. On the cost savings front, an additional waste heat recovery system and a Riverview concentrate plant will further reduce energy costs. We've recently announced $1.6 billion sale of our investment in Saskferco allows us to focus our attention on our core phosphates and potash businesses. The proceeds from the sale will be primarily used to fund our plant expansions of our Saskatchewan potash mines. Now let me reconfirm our fiscal 2009 guidance that we shared with you in early June as summarized on slide 13. I'll begin by noting that we have started the fiscal 2009 with extremely low potash inventories, compared with levels a year earlier. As a result, we expect potash sales volume to remain inline with sales volume sold in fiscal 2008 with expansion volumes becoming available early in fiscal 2010. We estimate an average DAP selling price of $1,020 per tonne to $1,080 per tonne in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 at an average MOP selling price of $460 per tonne to $510 per tonne for the same quarterly period. While prices will be up significantly, there will be cost pressures in 2009. Examples include resource taxes and royalties in potash, and higher sulfur and ammonia costs in phosphates. Nonetheless, we expect margins to expand further in fiscal 2009, reflecting the extraordinarily tight market fundamentals. I'd like to conclude with why Mosaic is the best-positioned crop nutrient company to leverage these exceptional market conditions. First, Mosaic is the only company that includes both world scale phosphate and potash operations. Second, we're one of the few large vertically integrated phosphate producers with proven reserves of readily available rock. Third, in potash, we have the ability to bring on incremental capacity at costs substantially below any Greenfield project. Fourth, our North American base phosphate and potash businesses are bolstered by our production assets and distribution networks in prime growth regions such as Asia and Latin America. And finally, cash flow is very strong. A trend we expect to continue for some time, allowing us to fund our capital expenditures and investment needs even as we begin returning cash to shareholders with dividends. We've executed well this past year. Our fiscal 2008 financial results are a testament to Mosaic's capacity to deliver. We intend to continue to deliver value during this time of unprecedented agricultural opportunity. I'm often asked what Mosaic's role is during these extraordinary times. It's a simple, yet noble purpose. Our mission is to help the world grow the food it needs. Thank you for your interest, and for investing in Mosaic. Now back to you, Christine.
Christine Battist: That concludes our comments for this call. Now, Frances, if you can open the line for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question is from the line of Edlain Rodriguez from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys and Christine also. A quick question, there have been some concerns and questions about demand destruction in phosphates and whether prices can move up to offset the incremental increase we are going to see in sulfur costs. Can you talk about what do you see in there? What do you see price is in the next several months?
Jim Prokopanko: Well, Edlain, to your first question on demand destruction, we still have strong demand for our products and our S&D analysis shows that there is still a great need for more phosphate in the world to meet the growing demand for food. So no, we haven't seen demand destruction in our markets. Your next question about prices and where they go, well, it's our assessment that there is still a good return, a very good return for crop producers around the world that changes fertilizer and where the price goes, it's going to have something to do with that demand. So, right now we see strong demand for our product. We do not see excess supply any place in the world. In fact, we are selling it as fast as we can produce it, and where prices go from here, with a strong market, you can draw your own conclusions. We are not providing much guidance beyond the first quarter, but we are optimistic about where this market is headed.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Okay, it makes sense. And also a question, Jim, about potash, can you talk or can you comment about the wave of new entrants? I am talking about potash expansions, both the Canadian juniors and the base meadow giant. Can you talk about what you seeing there and what's the impact of that?
Jim Prokopanko: This is a pink gold rush, if there has ever been one. You have a lot of people rushing in. I think there are as many people without the capacity to take it beyond prospecting. Then I think there are the other players that have majored global mining operators. There is nothing in potash that is coming on anything earlier than 2012, particularly the new participants and in fact some of them are talking about plans that they have for coming online in 2017. The cost of a new entrant coming into this business is just gigantic and I think its testament to their belief and where in the strength of this marketplace, the potash marketplace and where the prices are going to be. They have got to forecast some very handsome prices 10 years out when their plants come into production and then 10 or 20 years out to get a return on those investments. So, on the one hand, I'm not discouraged by it. In fact, I think again, its encouragement that people see this as a very strong market and we are in a position that we have got Brownfield assets that can be expanded at a fraction of the cost of a new entrant, so I am not really at all fussed by it.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Thank you, just two things If I look at slide 9, where you compare your DAP raw material cost with as non-integrated producer, I am curious if you could help us understand where you see your DAP cost on the global cost curve overall, as opposed to just, on that point by point comparison. Second question, if I can, you did not raise your pricing guidance for next quarter and I am just curious whether you can give us a sense of whether that is caution or whether you have already locked in prices or whether you think that the momentum has stalled or what that is all about.
Jim Prokopanko:  Well I will have Mike Rahm address the first question and then our Senior Vice President of Commercial, Rick McLellan answer your second question.
Mike Rahm: Okay, Jim. In terms of our position on the cost curve, given the competitive advantage that you see in phosphate rock and sulfur, that puts us on the far left end of the cost curve. We believe we are among the lowest cost producers of DAP in the world.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Does that shift at all over the next year with changes in sulfur or is that just not going to make much difference?
Mike Rahm: No. If global sulfur prices come down, it probably does shift a bit, but I think given the investments we have made and just given the nature of the liquid sulfur market, we will always have a competitive advantage in sulfur compared to most of our other competitors worldwide. Rick?
Rick McLellan: I will take the second half of the question. We didn't raise Q1. We gave it last month at an industry function, but when we look at Q2 North America, we announced and are working with our customers on an increased domestically of anywhere from $240 to $265 per tonne on a delivered basis. That is potash.
Mark Connelly - Credit Suisse: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko: Mike, you have a follow-up comment.
Mike Rahm: The only other thing I would note is that the cost numbers are for Mosaic, I assume that we buy all of our ammonia at market prices. I failed to note that, we produce about 500,000 tonnes of our own ammonia at Faustina and given the changes in gas values here recently that's also another important source of competitive advantage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Don Carson - Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. A couple questions, Jim. First, the sustainability of that, offshore number it seemed very strong, just what you think that might look like going forward? Secondly, on DAP pricing. A lot of speculation about what the Chinese may do with this 135% tariff when it is scheduled to go down to 35% at the end of October or end of September, rather just wondering if you could comment on that? And then finally an internal issue which is your costs, you seem to have very good phosphate unit costs, ex-raw materials in the quarter whereas on the potash side, it seemed that if you back out the PRT, your costs were up significantly as well. Just wondering if you can comment on what's going on in the business units?
Jim Prokopanko: Yeah. Okay, Don. I'll take the first two questions then I am going to ask Larry Stranghoener to take the last question. The international, yeah, we just had a terrific performance this past year and that was in part and just in part due to inventory positioning. Are those gains going to be there again? Well, if we see comparable price increases, over the coming months we will see similar gains. We expect to have again a very good year in the coming year, in our international distribution business. The Latin American market is strong and we have great expectations for Brazil and Argentina and we are seeing India having to grow yet more food to replenish diminishing stocks. So, we are optimistic about the year ahead of us for international distribution. On the matter on China and that seems to be regularly $64 question. The 135% duties that they have in place, that they announced, I think it was in April, it is planned to go until September. Frankly, would not be surprised to see that that is extended beyond September. The June numbers were half the June export numbers on phosphate, were half of what they were the prior year. It takes awhile for it to work its way through the system, but our reports are that the Chinese government and food officials are very concerned about the availability of fertilizers in that country to produce the food it needs and we are confident that they are going to moderate those exports, particularly in the second half of this year. So, we think this market is going to be short, close to 3 million tonnes that the Chinese exported in the second half of last year. I am going to turn over to Larry to answer your cost question.
Larry Stranghoener:  Yeah, good morning, Don. On the potash cost question, clearly the biggest factor in explaining the increase in cost is the resource tax and I know you know this, but for the benefit of all of the listeners, for those of you who may be comparing our cost to our major competitor, note that unlike our major competitor, we include freight costs and resource taxes in our cost of goods sold which is different from the way PCS does that. Excluding those items though, if you look at just cash costs of production, you are still right. Cash costs were up a bit in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter and we attribute that to several factors. One is the fact that we had a turnaround in the fourth quarter at Esterhazy, we had higher contract labor costs, and I think everybody in almost any industry in Saskatchewan is facing that, and that's a trend we will continue to see and we are seeing higher costs for operating materials and supplies. Again that's another trend that I think is common throughout the province and something we will continue to see as we head into fiscal '09.
Don Carson - Merrill Lynch: Then Larry, so two follow-ups, one, would you expect costs to come down a bit as you get into the first fiscal quarter, as you get some turnarounds behind you, and then if you could also comment on your phosphate, non-raw material cost where they actually for the second quarter in a row seem to be at lower levels?
Larry Stranghoener: Yes. The cost trends that we are seeing in Saskatchewan, I think as I said, will continue. There are upward pressures on cost trends in Saskatchewan. I think it's true for the potash industry; it is true for a lot of other industries as well. The costs will vary from time-to-time based upon turnaround schedules and so on, but rising costs are an issue that we are continuing to face in the potash business. That said, we think that the pricing momentum that we are seeing, the S&D factors that we are seeing still suggests that margins can expand and expand quite handsomely despite rising costs. With respect to phosphate costs, you are right. We did have good performance. A lot of that relates to very strong mining performance in the fourth quarter, which helped on the cost front.
Don Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Silver with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
David Silver - JPMorgan: Yeah. Hi. I had a couple of questions. I mean, I think I would like to go back to the PRT question for Larry. Just so I understand a little better, if I look at the fourth quarter in isolation, and if I use the Canadian royalty and tax data you provided, it seems like your quarterly accrual per tones for those taxes jumped substantially. And I am just wondering, was that triggered to raise it substantially, was that related to a year-to-date adjustment, or was there something peculiar to the fourth quarter that justified or required you to jump up the per tones accruals so substantially? Thanks.
Larry Stranghoener: David, you used the right word when you said accrual that this tax is an accrual based upon our expected prices, volumes, and costs for the rest of this calendar year. This tax is paid on a calendar year basis. And for accounting purposes, we accrue the tax in a given quarter based on what we expect for the rest of this calendar year. And so the very substantial increase in that accrual reflects the very strong business performance we expect in the potash business unit for the rest of this calendar year.
David Silver - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks for that clarification. I had a couple of questions about sulfur. In the international market we have seen the first decline in spot sulfur prices in quite a while, if I'm correct on that, and also the US golf market has seen a substantial further increase for the third quarter. Can you give us your view on how you feel that the global market will perform in that area relative to the domestic market? In other words, will there still be that substantial benefit to the North American producers?
Larry Stranghoener: Sure. I will do that. We have [Technical Difficulty] in our third quarter our sulfur prices fixed at just over $600 a tonne; call it roughly $615 a ton. A little less than what we might have thought it could have gone up. Our sense is that we are feeling like we are seeing peak of sulfur pricing a little more supply is coming on or being available, some fewer interruptions, and I think we are seeing as I say the first signs of the peaking of the sulfur market than we would look to. I think that was in our expectations of the last call that by the end of this calendar year, maybe a bit sooner we can see a turn in sulfur pricing.
David Silver - JPMorgan: Okay. I have a question for Mike Rahm. Mike, you mentioned that slide 12 was the most important slide in the deck or slide 8. And of course, those stock seeds ratios and the global grain balances are based on the USDA's latest forecast. As you know on August 12th, USDA is going to potentially substantially update and revise their forecasts for things like corn yields and for the current crop and soybean yields. So I am guessing, or I am assuming, or I am estimating that the current USDA forecast as of July is close to trend line, and I am wondering how you assess the late planning season and the growing season progress to-date, and what we should think about for when the USDA does make a substantial revision based on field surveys and things like that.
Mike Rahm: Right. That's a great question, Dave, and I wish I had the exact answer, but I do expect that we will see probably some upward revisions in global production, but I think those revisions are not going to be sufficient to change the story that we are not going to build world grain and oilseed stocks to safe levels, and then there still will be the need to increase production to meet the continued rapid growth in demand. So I agree that we will see a number of changes as more information becomes available, but I do not think in the end it's going to change the basic story. Yeah. And that said, there is still certainly the jury is out, and we are always away from having the crop in the bin. I think the market here recently has stopped selling off. They are stepping back and assessing some of the impacts of this warmer weather that we are seeing and dryer weather that we are seeing throughout the Midwest. So there will be a continued trading and I'm trying to figure out exactly how big this crop is, but I think at the end of the day come next January when the final estimates come out, we will not have grown global grain and oilseed stocks to anywhere close to levels that everyone feels comfortable with.
David Silver - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fai Lee with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks. Fai here, and I just have a couple questions for Mike. With respect to slide 6 and the demand gross rates that IFA putting out with respect to phosphate. Potash, most fertilizer companies generally argue that for the next few years supply will continue to be constrained. I'm just wondering if the demand growth rate that IFA is forecasting reflects some cap on demand growth just because of supply constraints and what would the real growth rate would be in the absence of supply constraints? Do you have any comments on that, Mike?
Mike Rahm: No, I think that is a good observation. When you look at potential increases in supply over the next three to four years, there is some capacity coming on, but certainly not enough to match the potential increases that we could see in potash demand. As you are I am sure well aware, there are a number of countries such as China and India where potash is underutilized. And as these countries attempt to increase food production, potash is going to play a critical role, and so I do think that as far as these demand estimates go, which I should note were from the international fertilizer industry association, based on surveys and expectations of key members of that association, there probably is a little bit of limitation built into those based on the availability of supply.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Just to follow-up, what is your latest thought on the timing impact of the modern facility start up on the phosphate industry?
Mike Rahm: Well, the best information that we have looks like it is going to be best case some time in 2012, and depending on how things unfold there, it could be even later than that, and that is just when the facility is complete. I think there remains an issue of how quickly it is going to be able to achieve full capacity given that it is developing Greenfield mine site, it may take a while to calibrate production through the quality of rock and so fourth and so on, so a best case scenario, probably mid-to-late 2012, and very likely a gradual ramp up until they figure out exactly how to process that. So that is our best estimate right now.
Fai Lee - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gulley with Soleil. Please proceed.
Mark Gulley - Soleil: Yes, good morning. Two questions. I think first of all for Mike, I will refer to slide 7 myself. Although you show good gains in farm income in '08, still we are showing a decline in '09. How would you assess the psychology of the farmer when he looks at declining farm income using this data on a go forward basis, is that going to lead to some demand destruction if he sees lower than prior year farm income?
Mike Rahm: No, I think it is a good observation, and I think you have to start with the chart on the left that shows the tremendous increase in variable costs. By our assessment when you look at increase, expected increases in seed, if you take those numbers are based on current spot prices for fertilizer products, we get variable costs on corn following soybeans somewhere in that $525 per acre range and that is a big increase. So, there is a bit of sticker shock and I think that starts to impact the farmer's psychic, but that said, you can see that the returns after variable costs as we noted in the presentation are still double the average from the 2003 through 2006 period. I think it is probably safe to say that the good bankers and good farm management companies understand those economics that are laid out there and it is a little bit different ballgame. We are not playing A-ball anymore but we are up in AAA, and its a little bit difference, more intense gain, but I think the good players understand that.
Mark Gulley - Soleil: Then for Jim, I had a question on the dividend, you have laid out a pretty terrific story here in terms of financials. I know you got to start someplace with your dividend of $0.05, also wherever you're starting off. But given the extraordinary earnings I am a little surprise that you are not more aggressive on the dividend. What perhaps am I missing?
Jim Prokopanko: Well, it is a starting point and it is something that we do not ever want to have to rescind and call back, so we only recently got to investment grade status and Moody's was the one yesterday that came through with its upgrade to investment grade for Mosaic. So, we are just being prudent or conservative in starting with a shareholder distribution plan and as we continue to post results as we have been, we will regularly take a look at that and see if it should be increased. So, simple as that, it is a starting point and performance in the quarters and years ahead will determine how we change that.
Mark Gulley - Soleil: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Brian Geiger] with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch : Hi, how are you doing guys?
Jim Prokopanko: Fine.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to know, do you guys have a target debt-to-EBITDA ratio or any kind of target debt levels?
Mike Rahm: We having worked so hard to attain investment grade, we intend to maintain investment grade status. We have a debt-to-EBITDA ratio now that is well below what would be required to sustain our current investment grade ratings, so let's just say that we would have ample capacity to increase our debt should the need arise. We do not see that need arising any time soon.
Brian Geiger - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul D'Amico from TD Newcrest. Please proceed.
Paul D’Amico - TD Newcrest: Hey, good morning guys. A question for Mike, different angle with respect to slide 7. Just curious and I do not know how much background you can give on this, Mike, but in terms of the same assessments with respect to Brazil and Argentina in particular and maybe Southeast Asia, what kind of activities would you show or would you say would be there for the farmer versus domestic being Midwest?
Mike Rahm: Okay, thanks, Paul. As we have said, it shows a similar pattern. Not quite as good as what we expect for 2008, but still better typically than the average prior to the recent run up in commodity prices. So, certainly there is variability but generally the same pattern exists for most of the crops and most of the regions that we analyze, and I would note that all of these offshore ones basically are put together by our geographies and distribution teams in those markets. So, they are the ones that have firsthand knowledge of local conditions and they are the owners of that analysis. But bottom line is similar patterns, the scale obviously changes a little bit by crop and region, but good, not quite as good as 2008 but a lot better than average.
Paul D’Amico - TD Newcrest: Appreciate that, thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of [Dzovig Keledjian] with Orange Capital. Please proceed. Your line is open. Dzovig your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Kent Green with Boston American Assets. Please proceed.
Kent Green - Boston American Assets: Yes. My question pertains to availability of sulfur. McMoRan Exploration recently speculated opening up that bind that they have out in the Gulf of Mexico, with these higher prices. Would you be interested in sourcing for that bind since you previously bought assets from them?
Jim Prokopanko: Hi, Kent. No, that is not something we are interested in. We think that the run up in sulfur prices is a temporary phenomenon, and we do not think sulfur mining economics justify that kind of investment. We are confident we are going to see a much lower sulfur prices in the next couple quarters ahead.
Kent Green - Boston American Assets: And then one question on potash availability, further out. You have talked at length about the Greenfield buys and the costs and everything. Is there any, there seems to be some joint-ventures that you have in the Mid East and then the speculation of what they are worth. Can any of those joint ventures be expanded significantly?
Jim Prokopanko: No. We do not have, you may be thinking of some of the other Canadian producers that have joint-ventures but we do not have any potash joint-ventures anywhere in the world.
Kent Green - Boston American Assets: Okay, but can those joint-ventures bring any capacity out or is that pretty--?
Jim Prokopanko: Well you have got the Israeli and Jordanian companies, Dead Sea Works, it is going to be tough for them to expand capacity by a material amount and you have the Russians in Eastern Europe that are working to expand production and that is going to be largely targeted to the European market. So there is nothing in the near-term that is going to have a meaningful impact on the supply side of potash.
Kent Green - Boston American Assets: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of William Boone with RBC Wealth. Please proceed. 
William Boone - RBC Wealth: Hello? Very quickly, this capacity restraint situation, do you see yourselves building capacity to some degree in ‘09?
Jim Prokopanko: For what nutrient are you talking about? Potash?
William Boone - RBC Wealth: Potash. Yes.
Jim Prokopanko: Well, just to be clear about what is happened this past year. With the extraordinary demand we are having worldwide on potash, we went into our inventories. We have a level of inventory than we are comfortable with that we need to operate our facilities in an efficient manner. We went below that just to meet customer demand and so our ability to bring on any material new capacity before 2010 is limited. So some of what we are doing is, rebuilding inventory stocks and where you have a great, an uptick last year in volume sales that was from mining our inventory. Now we are in a situation that we would like to rebuild it as best we can. And again, just speaks to the tremendous demand we are seeing around the world for potash and the tight, tight supply balance that we are facing. There are not many people that can bring on meaningful amount of potash production quickly. It is going to be a while before we see able to respond to this demand, and that again is, all more support for the current price levels we are seeing now and going forward.
William Boone - RBC Wealth: Yes. Now in 2010, do you anticipate a reasonably large increase or some increase in capacity in potash?
Jim Prokopanko: We have got Norm Beug, our Senior Vice President of our potash business and I am going to let him talk to the potash expansion.
Norm Beug: Thank you, Jim, yes, our Colonsay mine, which is in an expansion phase right now, will be coming on in the order of 300,000 tonnes by the end of '09. And Belle Plaine, Phase 1 expansion will be coming on after that as well. And I might add that because of market conditions, we have chosen to keep our Hersey mine in potash production as well.
William Boone - RBC Wealth: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from a follow-up line from Don Carson with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Don Carson - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, a couple follow-ups on potash. Larry, you talked about some of the increasing cost pressures in Canada, where we are seeing more labor militancy in Saskatchewan, at [Fortera] and now at PCS. Is labor availability or costs and strikes becoming more of an issue? Then on the price realizations in potash, you can just remind us where your industrial pricing is relative to the agricultural markets? Do we have to wait until the end of the calendar year before that step up again?
Jim Prokopanko: Yeah, Don, it is Jim. Absolutely, Western Canada between the oil and gas industry, uranium, other minerals, the tar sands, the expansions in the sulfur businesses, we are seeing a real rest on, so and real demand and pressures on labor. We have got a very good existing labor force, proven and experienced and we are all facing everybody in the natural resources and service industry throughout western Canada are facing challenges, attracting people. And so it clearly is having an impact on the salary compensation component. Now that said, I would say that on production of potash, labor is about 10% of our cost, so it's not immaterial, but it's not going to necessarily be overly dramatic to our bottom line. It's something we are working very aggressively on, bringing in new people and something we will work our way through. It goes for us, it goes for other existing producers and anybody that think s that they want a Greenfield site, well, good luck. I don't know where they are going to get the people to do that.
Mike Rahm:  And with respect to industrial contracts, we still have just under 15% of our MOP volume going to industrial customers. I think you know, Don, we have done a very good job of working most of those contracts up to something that's approaching market levels, with one exception, the legacy contract that will continue for some time where there is still a significant gap between that pricing and current market pricing, but that's a quite small percentage of the total at this point.
Don Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then a follow-up for Mike Rahm. Mike, I do not think you commented on next years planning outlook in North America for corn, but would you expect that PNK demand might be above some of the CAGR's that you were talking about in your charts if we do get back above 90 million acres of planted corn acreage?
Mike Rahm:  Sure, Don. Right now, our expectation is that corn acreage will probably have to grow to 94 to 95 million acres. And so we are using that range in our forecast, we are probably cautious and in terms of application rates, especially on the non-corn, wheat, soy bean-type crops. We think PNK use in the US will grow probably in that 2.5% to3.5% range in 2008, 2009.
Don Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And I will now turn the call back over to Christine Battist for closing remarks.
Christine Battist: Thank you, Frances. This concludes our conference call today. Thank you for your interest in Mosaic and participating in our call.
Operator: Again, thank you all for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may all disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-04-04 14:30:00) =====
: April 4, 2008 10:00 am ET 
Executives: Christine Battist – Director IR Jim Prokopanko – President, CEO Mike Rahm – VP Market Analyst and Strategic Planning Larry Stranghoener – EVP, CFO Steve Pinney – VP Phosphate Operations
Analysts: Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs David Silver – J.P. Morgan Mike Judd – Greenwich Consultants Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse Brian Yu – Citigroup Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs Charles [Nevery] – Morgan Stanley Paul D’Amico – TD Newcrest Bob Goldberg – Scopus Asset Management 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s fiscal 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator instructions). Your host for today’s call is Christine Battist, Director Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company, please proceed Christine.
Christine Battist:  Thank you Grace Ann and welcome to Mosaic’s fiscal 2008 third quarter conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer, Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Mike Rahm, Vice President Market Analysis and Strategic Planning and other members of the Mosaic senior leadership team. We will be using some slides during the conference call today. You may view the presentation slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The presentation slides are available on our website, mosaicco.com/investors. The slides enhance our discussion but are not a requirement for the call. If you are unable to download the slides, please contact us after the call and we’ll send the slides to you. We will be making forward looking statements during this call. The statements include but are not limited to statements about future financial and operating results. They are based upon management’s beliefs and expectations as of today’s date, April 4th, 2008 and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast, or rebroadcast in any form without the express written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. I’ll turn the call over to Jim who will re-cap some highlights from our third quarter and where we’re headed over the next few months. Then Mike Rahm will share some insights on the supply and demand fundamentals driving our business. Jim.
Jim Prokopanko: Good morning and thank you for joining us today in what will be a very good news story. It was another outstanding quarter for Mosaic, shattering previous performance records. This is our fourth consecutive quarter of strong results with still more to come. These results were driven primarily by realizing higher potash and phosphate selling prices, strong operational performance and other factors including the benefit of lower cost inventories in our offshore geographies during a period of rising selling prices.  It’s no small task for our supply chain team to coordinate the movement of billions of tons of product whether its raw material inputs from [sporting] rock from our mines to delivering product to our customers around the world. We are operating well and this financial and operations performance was achieved despite significantly higher costs for sulfur and ammonia. I will now point out several key items for the quarter starting with slide 3. Net earnings for the quarter ended February 29th, 2008 were a record $521 million or $1.17 per diluted share.  This represents an increase of nearly $479 million over the year ago quarter and exceeds full year earnings for any full fiscal year since Mosaic was formed in 2004. The phosphates segment had an outstanding quarter posting operating earnings of $443 million. Average DAP selling price for the quarter was $487.00 per metric ton which exceeded our expectations and more than offset higher raw material costs. Mosaic’s potash segment also had an exceptional quarter with operating earnings of nearly $196 million. Again capturing significantly higher selling prices was the headliner, partially offset by higher Canadian resource taxes and the foreign currency translation impact on operating costs due to a weakening US dollar.  We continued to generate significant cash flow, generating approximately $528 million of cash from operations in the third quarter, an increase of nearly $375 million over the same period last year. Our exceptional cash flow has significantly strengthened our balance sheet which in turn will both contribute to achieving our goal of investment grade status and funding reinvestment in the growth of our company. Today we also announced further expansions of our Saskatchewan potash mines that are either now underway or are in the planning and approval stages.  Slide 4 illustrates these potash expansions occurring in measured incremental phases over the next 12 years. I can assure you that we will be responsible about bringing this capacity online and only as demand materializes. Upon completion of these expansions, we estimate our total annual capacity will be approximately 16.8 million metric tons. This new capacity also includes the tons that will revert to Mosaic upon expiration of the Esterhazy tolling agreement. I’d also like to point out that we have expanded our disclosures regarding potash pricing this quarter.  We’ve provided an average selling price for MOP and K-Mag, a potash specialty product, along with the volumes of K-Mag. We believe this information will help you better analyze our potash business. Our guidance for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 is summarized on slide 5. This guidance except for SG&A is within ranges previously provided for our fiscal year. SG&A guidance is slightly higher than previously provided due to increased external consulting fees and incentive compensation.  We expect to continue realizing higher selling prices into our fourth quarter and beyond and drive results with our ongoing focus on world class operations performance. That brings me to the topic of the sustainability of the current robust market environment. We believe market conditions for the past several quarters will persist for the foreseeable future. Dr. Mike Rahm, Mosaic’s Vice President of Market Analyst and Strategic Planning, a recognized and respected thought leader and economist in our industry will share out assessment of why we so strongly believe the momentum in the ag sector will remain in place for some time.
Mike Rahm:  Thank you Jim and good morning everyone. As Jim indicated we are optimistic about the outlook for agricultural and crop nutrient markets as well as Mosaic’s long term competitive position in the global phosphates and potash industries. The chart on slide 6 shows that world grain and oil seed production increased 3.2% to a record 2.5 billion tons last year. Farmers responded to higher grain prices by increasing planted area 1.6% and by boosting yields 1.5% in 2007. That was a strong supply response but not strong enough o keep up with demand.  As you can see from the slide, global grain and oil seed demand during the past two years is growing at almost double the historical rate. Demand growth is accelerating as a result of strong traditional drivers for food, seed and fiber as well as for the increasing demand for bio-fuels. That is what makes this cycle different from those of the past. Slide 7 shows that world grain and oil seed stocks will decline 39 million tons during the 2007-2008 crop year, despite high prices and a record crop last year. Bio-fuels get a lot of the credit for the faster demand growth but it is still very much a food game.  Traditional drivers of population and income growth are the main engines powering faster grain and oil seed demand growth. Strong economic growth in a number of developing countries is creating a large and increasingly affluent middle class who demand more protein rich and grain intensive foods such as meat and dairy products. On slide 8, for example, two studies by McKenzie and Company estimate that almost 1.1 billion people will join the middle class income groups in China and India alone between 2005 and 2025.  These developments represent a systemic change in grain and oil seed demand. With respect to bio-fuels, the increase in production no doubt has helped accelerate grain and oil seed demand. We estimate that bio-fuels account for roughly 5% of total grain and oil seed use today. Bio-fuels are expected to account for about one-third of the growth in grain and oil seed use during the next three years. As a result, bio-fuels are projected to account for about 7% of total grain and oil seed use at the end of the three year period. Prices for a wide array of agricultural commodities have climbed to record or near record levels in response to these tight fundamentals.  The nearby futures prices for corn, wheat and soybeans are highlighted on slide 9. Futures markets, however, indicate that this is not a one year phenomenon. For example, farmers today could forward price their next three crops of corn at an average price of $5.80 per bushel. Their next three crops of soybeans at an average price of $11.70 per bushel and the next three crops of hard red winter wheat at roughly $9.65 per bushel. Those are unprecedented forward prices for these commodities. But this is not just a corn, soybeans wheat game.  Nearby prices of rice and palm oil have shattered previous high marks and prices of other commodities such as sugar, coffee, cocoa and cotton have increased this year as well. The bottom line is markets are asking farmers to step on the accelerator and rev up the engines of production agriculture worldwide. Farmers pressed on the accelerator last year but they need to step harder on the gas in the future. Our assessment is there are plenty of RPMs and plenty of horsepower left in these engines to meet accelerating demand. In some regions such as the Americas and Africa, farmers can bring more land into production without jeopardizing the environment.  In nearly all regions, farmers can boost yields through the adoption of new and improvement technologies and the use of optimum cropping practices. This is what makes the agricultural outlook so exciting for Mosaic. As many of you saw last week, or as many of you saw this week, the markets were riveted on the perspective planting report released by the USDA on Monday. This report is based on a survey of farmers planting intentions on March 1st. It showed that farmers intended to boost total planted acreage of the 22 crops surveyed by approximately 3.5 million acres this year.  However, farmers indicated that as of March 1st they planned to plant less corn and more soybeans than a year ago and less corn than most analysts had expected. It will take a few months before we know what farmers are planting right now. But if as the report indicated, corn acreage declines 86 million acres this ear and if yields are at or even slightly above trend, corn stocks are expected to decline to dangerously low levels by the end of the 2008-2009 crop year.  As a result, corn acreage will need to rebound into the mid 90 million acre range in 2009 in order to meet projected demand. Farmers will begin fertilizing those acres next fall and some retail dealers will begin to position product for the fall season in a matter of weeks. Higher grain and oilseed prices clearly are incenting farmers to plant more area, intensify cropping practices and use more crop nutrients. The recent statistics from the international fertilizer industry association indicate that the demand for crop nutrients is growing at more than double historical rates.  Slide 10 illustrates that global phosphate use is projected to increase 13% during the three years from 2006 through 2008. Global potash use is forecast to increase 18% during the same period. Demand for both nutrients is growing at more than double the rates from 1995-2005. Another important factor contributing to the price momentum this year is that the crop nutrient industry was not well prepared to meet a demand surge of this magnitude. Thin margins and poor earnings during the first part of this decade forced many companies to cut back on capital expenditures and to idle or permanently close unprofitable facilities.  As a consequence, crop nutrient markets quickly tightened once demand took off and some plants sputtered when trying to boost output in response to higher crop nutrient prices. For example, slide 11 shows that US phosphate rock production has declined more than 30% since its peak in 1996. Mosaic’s competitive position in the global phosphate and potash market continues to strengthen. In the case of potash, Jim just highlighted our planned expansion. We’re confident these expansions are aligned to meet projected increases in global demand.  For example, Fertecon projects that potash demand will increase the equivalent of almost 23 million tons of KCL between 2007 and 2020. Our expansion would meet about 20% of this projected growth and keep Mosaic among the leading players in the global potash industry. In the case of phosphates, significant changes are taking place in the industry cost structure and supply curve. The global industry is made up of integrated and non integrated players. Integrated producers like Mosaic mine their own phosphate rock. Non integrated players buy phosphate rock or phosphoric acid and are the highest cost producers today due to the recent sharp increases in rock and acid prices. Slide 12 summarized the costs of the three raw materials used to produce DAP for a non integrated producer in India.  These costs have increased more than $1,000.00 per ton of DAP today. Similar cost trends exist for non integrated producers worldwide. Non integrated producers account for almost one-third of the world’s phosphate supply, so the market requires the output from these producers in order to meet global demand. As a result, the high costs incurred by non integrated producers are a key determinant of market price and integrated producers such as Mosaic possess a significant cost advantage. Jim, back to you.
Jim Prokopanko:  Thanks Mike. There is no question that today’s rally in agricultural commodity prices is fundamentally different from those of the past. As many of you have heard me say, the strength in crop production and commodity grains is being driven by global demand growth, not supply shocks. Markets are sending strong signals to farmers worldwide to step harder on the accelerator by planting more area and intensifying crop practices in order to meet this demand growth. That is the basis of our optimism for global agriculture, crop nutrient demand and Mosaic.  I’d like to conclude with why Mosaic is the best positioned crop nutrient company to leverage these extraordinary market conditions. First, Mosaic is the only company that includes both world scale phosphate and potash operations. We are the largest integrated phosphate producer by a very wide margin and one of the two largest potash producers in the world. And we’re expanding that capacity.  Second, we’re one of the few vertically integrated phosphate producers with proven reserves of readily available rock. We have some of the best processing plants in the world and we will continue to invest aggressively in our operations to insure we produce phosphate produces at a competitive cost advantage long term. Third, in potash we have the ability to bring on new incremental capacity at one of the lowest capital costs anywhere in the world. We estimate the capital costs for these incremental expansions will be the lowest cost in the industry and are a fraction of the cost of a green field project.  Fourth, our North American base phosphate and potash businesses are bolstered by our production assets and distribution network in prime growth regions such as Asia and Latin America. We have [aguatamists], sales teams and committed staff with the operational expertise that know how to serve customers and build and run plants. These offshore enterprises give us a chance to see the changes and trends in the industry first hand. Finally, cash flow at Mosaic is very strong, a trend we expect to continue for some time. As you know, we have largely completed our debt pay down plans and expect our cash balance to grow in coming quarters. Given current market conditions, it is a great time to be flush with cash and we will be comfortable holding sizable cash balances.  We will also be using cash to fund a sizable increase in capital expenditures next year to fund our expansion plans, de-bottlenecking opportunities, for energy saving projects and to ensure our mines and plants are running at peak efficiency and in full compliance with all applicable regulations in this time of exceptional demand. Additionally, we look forward to formulating a shareholder distribution plan as we move toward investment grade status. We have made dramatic progress at cleaning up our balance sheet in the past couple years and you can count on us to maintain an appropriate level of financial strength and to use cash judiciously in years to come.  Overall, Mosaic’s unparalleled leverage of being a major producer of both potash and phosphates, our capacity and announced plans to expand potash expansion along with our unique global reach in distribution and operations gives us a superior and distinctive advantage unlike any other crop nutrient company. As excited as we are about the crop nutrients outlook and what Mosaic has to offer, we recognize that with great opportunity comes great responsibility.  For those of you who have chosen to invest in Mosaic, or are considering an investment in Mosaic, I assure you we are committed to executing well in all we do, whether it’s running our plants, shipping our products or serving our customers. The last four quarters or proven performance are testaments to Mosaic’s capacity to deliver. We intend to fully realize this unprecedented agricultural opportunity and can assure you we will deliver. Thank you for your interest and for investing in Mosaic. Back to you Christine.
Christine Battist: That concludes our comments for this call. Now we’ll take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez of Goldman Sachs.
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning guys. Question for you in terms of what’s going on in the spot market but are you changing your strategy in terms of trying to take advantage of the spot market more than you have in the past? Because it seems like your price realization has been more than what we have been expected, so can you talk about what’s going on in terms of the forward sales and spot market?
Jim Prokopanko:  Edlain we’ve been executing on our planned sales program and nothings much changed from what we’ve done for the last six months. We sell ahead as we see appropriate. Part of what you may be seeing is some of our phosphate contracts that are formula based contracts based off current reference pricing, industry pricing and that may be coming across as part of the reason for the higher than expected prices we’re seeing. But no, we haven’t changed our pricing strategy. We use a combination of what our production plans are, what the market demands are, what the logistics opportunities are to deliver what the customers need.
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Okay thank you and also a follow up on potash, in terms of, I mean we know what [Kempotex] has been doing recently in the offshore market, can you talk about what’s going on in the domestic market? Could the last price increase we have you know there’s that $88 per metric ton effective March for April 1st, can you talk about what’s going on in the domestic market?
Jim Prokopanko:  Prices, demand remains very, very strong. We are into a period now where dealers are well prepared, the pipeline is well stocked for the spring season and going into any purchases that may be yet come for spring season, the prices will be higher and we see given what’s happened in the international markets, we see prices in the domestic markets increasing through the summer months.
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Okay thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of David Silver of J.P. Morgan.
David Silver – J.P. Morgan:  Yeah, hi, good morning. I had a question I guess about the situation in India. And in the last couple of weeks there’s been a lot of transactions or significant contracts settled there and in the phosphate area they’ve recently taken rock price increases and significant phos acid price increases. And I was wondering if you could give us your view of how you think that market develops and you know what the signals, what the key signals are that we should take away from these recent transactions I guess in rock, acid and I guess second also potash.
Jim Prokopanko:  David you’re right to mention or notice that there’s been a change in behavior in India and I think that’s coming with their as we’re seeing in so many parts of Asia, increased demand for food and they have recognized that they have to get ahead of the wave as best they can in ensuring they have supplies of fertilizer in country.  The high rock prices, the high phos acid prices is a serious challenge to their domestic granulation, phosphate granulation business and they’ve, it’s going to be a challenge for them to continue to justify based on the economics with these input costs, to justify production in country. So they’ve wisely chosen to secure supplies of phosphate early on. And in potash as well, they saw what was coming in the potash demand market and I think they were smart to take an early contract on potash.
David Silver – J.P. Morgan:  Okay. I had another question I guess to get maybe a little bit more insight into your thinking about the most recent perspective plantings report, so I don’t know if this is Jim or maybe Mike, but you know you mentioned extremely strong demand you know for potash and all nutrients in the United States this year and you certainly have a robust comparison from a year ago. So when you guys saw the perspective plantings acreage numbers and I guess I’m thinking in particular the corn versus soy split, does this feel like an 86 million acre corn year to you guys or is this a market where we might see some shifting of additional acres over to corn, maybe in the 3 million acre range like last year or a little less or a little more? How do you interpret the business that you’ve seen domestically with what the plantings report indicated? Thank you.
Jim Prokopanko:  David, Mike has some good thoughts on that, I’ll let him address that.
Mike Rahm:  Hi David. Recall that the perspective planting survey was conducted around March 1st and at that time soybean prices were at or near their peaks. In fact the new crop price of soybeans on February 29th was I think $14.26. The new crop price of corn was about $5.65 so that would be a soybean to corn ratio of 2.52. If you look at those prices today, you know soybeans have come off significantly, new crop corn has increased you know new crop soybeans yesterday closed at $11.95, new crop corn closed at $6.10 for a ratio of 1.96.  So certainly the signals are a lot different today than they were around March 1st. And you know that certainly I think would point to the likelihood that we may see a few more acres of corn get put in the ground than what the perspective planting report indicated. Now obviously there are many other factors such as weather and so forth that come into play as far as what will determine corn acres but certainly corn pencils very, very well right now and we would expect maybe a few more acres than what the perspective planting report indicated.
David Silver – J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mike Judd of Greenwich.
Mike Judd – Greenwich Consultants: Yes, good morning. A question about sulfur contracts for your next, for this current quarter coming up, Jim any comments about that and then I have a follow up question.
Jim Prokopanko:  Good morning, we expect to be paying more for sulfur is the short answer. And probably a good bit more for sulfur in the coming quarter. That said, we are well positioned for sulfur, we have all our needs identified, we’ve gone through some untraditional sources, block sulfur out of Alberta, other parts in Canada. So we’re securing our sulfur supply and we’ll just be paying more for the next quarter.
Mike Judd – Greenwich Consultants: Is it fair to think that margins should expand though because of a greater increase so to speak in DAP though?
Jim Prokopanko:  Yeah the increased sulfur cost is being more than covered by increases in phosphate prices. All producers, domestically and around the world are facing the same kind of price increases or particularly internationally, even higher increases.
Mike Judd – Greenwich Consultants: And then just lastly you did a great job with pricing in your recent report and I believe that there was a significant beat on the pricing side for potash relative to perhaps you know where you thought you might end up you know a quarter ago or so and you last reported. Could you talk a little bit about what the drivers of that was please?
Larry Stranghoener:  Mike, it’s Larry Stranghoener, let me clarify something. We provided some increased definition on potash prices this quarter by breaking out MOP separately from K-Mag where as in the past we provided a blended price. So we provided guidance on a blended price basis for this most recent quarter of 190 [overlay] and delivered about 212, so we did beat the guidance but not by as much as it might appear.  The MOP price that we realized in the quarter was 221, the K-Mag price was 145 and that’s what leads to that blended price of 212 which is the comparison to the guidance of 190-200. And so again the performance versus guidance was not perhaps that much better than what would first be apparent. That said obviously prices are moving forward, they’re moving forward aggressively, they’re continuing to move forward in the fourth quarter and we’ll enjoy the benefit of that when you see our fourth quarter results.
Mike Judd – Greenwich Consultants: Congratulations again on a good quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Donald Carson of Merrill Lynch.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you, Don Carson here. Two questions, one is the sustainability of the phosphates cycle from a supply side and Mike maybe you could address this, you know we’ve got the much speculated upon Ma’aden project in Saudi Arabia perhaps in 2011. But then I guess the offset would be some of these high cost Indian producers not being able to produce in addition to not being able to get a subsidy, so Mike how do you see the supply expansion going globally and would Mosaic have any plans to bring back some of the shuttered capacity? And then I had an additional question on costs.
Mike Rahm:  Okay hi Don, in terms of the sustainability, when you look out over the next few years, you know there are a few projects ahead of the Saudi, there are a couple of joint venture asset plants in Morocco that will get going this year. But the big one down the road is the Saudi project. One comment is I think you need to go back and take a look at the rock. We’ve been I think consistently indicating that that’s really the key S&D to follow and even with the joint venture plants in Morocco, you know there’s not a lot of new rock capacity coming on to support some of these upgraded tonnages.  With respect to the Saudi project, you know you probably have as good of information as anyone. Our expectation is that probably will be some time in 2011 that that project comes on. You know capital costs continue to go up but in this environment, certainly, continues to improve probably what the project economics look like there. That said, you know we expect to see phosphate demand growth continue to increase over time driven by these fundamentals and there certainly will be the need for you know some additional capacity to meet that demand. With respect to our own plans, you know we are looking at de-bottlenecking opportunities and I guess I would characterize those as de-bottlenecking given the amount of phosphate rock mining capacity and phosphoric acid capacity that we have. Maybe Jim or others may want to comment on that.
Jim Prokopanko:  Yeah we have a few plants that have been shut down although those are in mothball condition we do not have any intentions of restarting any of our high cost mining operations or chemical plants right now.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: Okay and then a follow up on cost, just in the most recent quarter I mean ex raw materials your phosphate costs seem to come down quite a bit sequentially but it was the reverse on potash, so if you could just comment on both those areas and how much of the potash operating cost increase was the province of Saskatchewan’s resource tax?
Larry Stranghoener:  Don its Larry, your observation is correct on the phosphate side, we saw very good operating performance especially on the mining side, much of that relating to mining more tons than in the second quarter and so yes you’re right, sequentially cost performance did improve. On the potash side we had headwinds as you suggest because of resource taxes which were up substantially in the third quarter versus the second quarter. And we’ll continue to grow substantially in line with potash prices moving up substantially.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: And Larry are those mining improvements in phosphates sustainable, should we think of this as a new run rate in terms of unit costs?
Larry Stranghoener:  I think that partly it’s a function of mining more tons than we had expected to mine but generally speaking as you know there’s been a great focus on the phosphate team on operational excellence and efficiency improvements and I think we’ll be seeing the benefits of that and should continue to see the benefits of that.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of Credit Suisse.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: Thanks, just quickly you mentioned ocean freight forward in part of your mark to market conversation, is that something that we should be watching for, was it a meaningful part of the numbers?
Jim Prokopanko:  No, we do some ocean freight contracting, not a significant amount, so that should be an unusual item somewhat. We’ve seen ocean freight quite erratic over the last couple weeks, up and down and we’ve been in a down period for a little bit now but don’t anticipate, there will be some small swings but nothing meaningful.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: Okay and then just I wonder if you could just give an update on the brine situation at Esterhazy?
Jim Prokopanko:  The brine inflow is been responding very well to our remediation efforts. There has been no material change to it. It continues in the historic ranges of what we’ve experienced over the past couple decades. And we’re quite satisfied and very pleased with how it’s proceeding. We’re watching it very carefully, giving it a lot of attention.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: Okay, a lot of good news, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Yu of Citi.
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Great, thanks guys and congratulations on the good numbers. Following up on Don’s question earlier regarding costs, it seemed like you have pretty good cost control also on ammonia and sulfur side even though they’ve gone up and the costs in the quarter were behind what we would see in the spot markets and my question is does that reflect lags or some competitive advantage? And should we expect to continue on a go forward basis?
Jim Prokopanko:  Okay Brian. Good question and observation, we have, that’s a blended price with some inventories from past quarters. So it doesn’t entirely reflect spot prices of product bought this quarter. Second is that on the sulfur side, we do have we believe a competitive advantage in the infrastructure and network for molten sulfur handling equipment. We have barges, molten sulfur barges, molten sulfur storage and very good relationships with sulfur providers, suppliers in North America. So I believe we do have something of an advantage over others and but we’re not completely immune from what’s happening worldwide in sulfur prices.
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Okay and you also earlier indicated that you’re going to untraditional sources for some of your sulfur. Can you give us a sense of what percent of your requirements are from these untraditional sources?
Jim Prokopanko:  It’s quite small. Its a couple percent of what 5-10% kind of range and this is really a safety buffer that we’re going to, that we’ve put in place that we could rely on over the next nine months or so. It’s augmenting our regular suppliers.
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Great, alright, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Kristen McDuffy of Goldman Sachs.
Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs: Hello, your debt balance at the end of the fiscal third quarter was relatively flat versus your fiscal second quarter despite the fact that I think you prepaid $150 million of bank debt. Did you guys have debt balances that increased during the quarter?
Larry Stranghoener:  Yeah Kristen, you’re correct and that reflects an increase in short term debt to fund offshore inventory positioning.
Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs: And could you give us your cap ex and cash taxes for the quarter?
Larry Stranghoener:  Cap ex for the quarter, I don’t have the cash taxes number for you yet Kristen so we’ll have to get back to you on that. The cap ex for the quarter was about $90 million.
Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs: And just to go back, you said you increased short term debt to fund offshore what? Can you explain what it was?
Larry Stranghoener:  Offshore inventories, just for capital needs in our offshore geographies, particularly in Brazil.
Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And could you give us a projection for cap ex for next year?
Larry Stranghoener:  We have said at this point that capital expenditures will be up substantially compared to the number for this year. We’re just going through our budgeting process at this point and so you should await further guidance on that number Kristen. But we do want to condition you to think that the number will be up quite substantially versus this year. And that’s because of the growth opportunities that we see ahead of us in the potash business particularly but also in the phosphate business and some opportunities offshore.
Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs: It sounds like you’re spending a total of $3.2 billion on your potash expansions over the next 12 years. How should I think about the distribution of that spend, will it be weighted in the earlier part of those 12 years?
Larry Stranghoener:  You should think of that as fairly evenly placed across those 12 years.
Kristen McDuffy – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Charles [Nevery] of Morgan Stanley.
Charles [Nevery] – Morgan Stanley: Good morning. Couple quick questions on the sulfur side, I know some of the movement in sulfur pricing had been based on some sort of irregularities let’s say in the market, I mean when do you think that those might be rectified and maybe see sulfur pricing back off a bit? And I have a follow up as well.
Jim Prokopanko:  Okay Charles. We’re expecting that it’s going to be through this calendar year that we’re going to be seeing elevated sulfur prices, I think towards the end of the calendar year they’ll start to moderate. Two things contributing to the sulfur pricing, one is strong world demand but that’s really been stretched with a number of R&M outages, plant outages at gas and oil refiners through North America.  Really quite an unusual set of circumstances that we’ve found plants concurrently coming down. This is starting to work through with some of the larger producers getting back on stream after the R&M outages. A little longer term, 18-24 months with tar sand projects, ultra low sulfur diesel plants coming on stream, getting debugged, we see the sulfur prices considerable sulfur supply coming on stream in those 18-24 months and back to frankly the good old days of excess sulfur supplies.
Charles [Nevery] – Morgan Stanley: I mean where do you think it could return to? I mean the $60 and $70 number probably isn’t likely but you know looking at international markets, well north of $600, where do you think those, not looking at the US, looking more at those markets, where do you think they might come back to?
Jim Prokopanko:  We forecast 18-24 months we’re going to be back sub $100’s and I’d put it back to the range of $50-$100.
Charles [Nevery] – Morgan Stanley: Okay, the other thing on a more near term basis, field conditions right now in the US, you know they had talked about a little bit of wet conditions in certain areas I mean where do you see things now and I know there’s plenty of time I guess to get ready but you know if we were going to the field, where would things stand in terms of the ability to get out and start doing your spring work?
Jim Prokopanko:  We are ready to go. If it were to dry up across the country this afternoon, the pipeline is well positioned, dealers got way ahead of the game, filled their warehouses, we are in as good a logistic situation as we’ve been in. The railways are working well. [Liver] is opening a little slow but we are well positioned.  And you said it Charles, this is much too early to get too fussed about wet conditions, yes I agree it’s wetter than normal but it’s wet, it’s not a drought, I rather have slightly wet conditions than drought conditions. May 5th is the ideal corn planting date, you want your corn in before then and we’ve got a good bit of time to get it done. North American farmers are extraordinarily well equipped to get the crop in and we’ve seen the entire North American crop get planted within two weeks, so we’re in good shape.
Charles [Nevery] – Morgan Stanley: Okay very good. I appreciate it, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul D’Amico of TD Newcrest.
Paul D’Amico – TD Newcrest: Hi, good morning guys. Most of my questions were on sulfur and most of them got asked and answered. Let me approach it a different way with respect to the last comment on the sulfur supply, potential of the next 18-24 months. If I heard it right we’re talking a potential to make a $600 backdrop with respect to it, is it fair to say just to frame it, is it fair to say then given India being a non integrated producers pushing the DAP pricing up internationally that we’re probably looking at a finished pricing in the end regardless of margin but finished pricing in the end almost flat where we are right now domestically? Is that roughly how to frame it in terms of the backdrop with respect to costs coming down on sulfur?
Jim Prokopanko:  Steve I’m not sure I quite get that question, I think Steve has the answer though. This is Steve Pinney our Vice President of Phosphate Operations.
Steve Pinney:  If I understand your question correctly you’re asking what the domestic pricing on finished product looks like or what we think it looks like based on sulfur pricing going forward, is that correct?
Paul D’Amico – TD Newcrest: Yeah I mean if you got a $600, I mean it was $650 now versus $50-$100, 18-24 months, times a 0.4 delta, it’s like a $250 difference.
Steve Pinney:  It would be in that range. You know the pricing going forward is going to be dependent upon the demand for fertilizer and the pricing of rock and ammonia as well as other things so I can’t say that we can draw a straight line relationship with the sulfur pricing.
Paul D’Amico – TD Newcrest: Okay. And also in terms of on the supply arrangements, is there any supply that you’ve got on a longer term basis that is not priced quarterly? Or not re-priced quarterly?
Steve Pinney:  Yeah we have some of our rock, the sulfur block supply is not priced quarterly but the vast majority of our supply is quarterly supply contracts.
Paul D’Amico – TD Newcrest: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Bob Goldberg of Scopus Asset Management.
Bob Goldberg – Scopus Asset Management:  Good morning. A couple of questions for Larry. Larry on the tax rate I know you gave guidance for the full year 08, 25-30%, what should we be thinking if we look out toward next year in terms of the tax rate assumption?
Larry Stranghoener:  I think you’re safe using something in the low 30’s, 30-35% Bob.
Bob Goldberg – Scopus Asset Management:  Okay and a broader question on the balance sheet, I know the transformation of Mosaic’s balance sheet has been a relatively recent situation, but I’m just curious as we look on the medium term, what do you think is an appropriate balance sheet structure for Mosaic? It looks like you’re going to be net debt free by the end of this fiscal year going into a net cash surplus as we head into fiscal 09. So maybe if you could just talk a little bit about how to use, how you see using the balance sheet to create some value for the shareholders and maybe a little bit more about some of the growth projects you’re looking at in international markets.
Larry Stranghoener:  I agree Bob we will likely be a net, have it being a net cash position which is a very comforting position to be in given the credit market, the state of the credit markets these days. I think that our capital structure will likely vary over the course of a cycle in this industry. We’re very comfortable holding lots of cash. We believe that we will have ample opportunity to use that cash to make sound investments in coming years and intend to do so. We’ve outline some of our capital spending plans particularly on the potash side. We’ve got de-bottlenecking opportunities in phosphates as well. We’ve got opportunities offshore as well. We will maintain a very disciplined approach to capital spending decisions that we make.  We will target appropriately high hurdle rates when we see opportunities to invest money at high investment return rates as we look out over the next couple of years. I think in addition as we mentioned in the script, we will develop some sort of a shareholder distribution policy. Dividends, perhaps a share buyback plan although it’s questionable how much sense that might make with a controlling shareholder. But we will, we expect to implement a program whereby we regularly return cash to shareholders as well. We having built this balance sheet strength we intend to maintain it, we intend to strengthen it further to take advantage of opportunities that we see coming forward in the next few years.
Bob Goldberg – Scopus Asset Management:  Great, thanks Larry.
Christine Battist:  Grace Ann, we’ll take our last call.
Operator:  And your final question is a follow up from the line of David Silver of J.P. Morgan.
David Silver – J.P. Morgan: Yeah, hi. I have a question here about international fertilizer pricing and maybe price elasticity from your major customers and I think I’d like to focus on the situation in Argentina. You know so we hear about farmers rioting in the streets because of government policies that kind of interfere with their returns from their crops and we also know that Agrium has been asked to cap their selling prices from their nitrogen facility there.  So this is a broad question but I guess you know I realize that you guys operate an SSP facility down there as well. So you know microscopically have you guys been asked to do anything at the behest of the government down there? And have you been shorted on natural gas or other utilities? And then more broadly speaking how common is this situation as we go around the world? And what types of demand destruction have you noticed as potash and phosphate pricing have ticked up?
Jim Prokopanko:  Okay there’s about four questions there David, I don’t know if we’ll get to them all. You asked about our SSP, have we been asked by the government to do anything in terms of our pricing, the answer is no, we haven’t. If you wondered what we would do, well we buy rock for that business, phosphate rock to make SSP and we are not going to operate that business at a loss.  If that was expected, no we won’t operate it as a loss. Yes the high fertilizer prices have gotten the attention of various governments, but we’ve not seen any actions to control those high fertilizer prices. And what you’ll get I’m afraid if you were to control those is less fertilizer and I think governments understand that lower the fertilizer prices in this period of strong economic or strong demand is not going to be serving their purposes. Natural gas, we do not use much natural gas in the manufacture of SSP. So that’s not been a serious concern for us.
David Silver – J.P. Morgan: And then any comment about potential demand destruction from other markets as DAP and potash pricing reach new highs?
Jim Prokopanko:  Yeah, I’ll let Mike comment to that, he’s got some thoughts.
Mike Rahm:  Yeah David I can make a few comments on that. You just going around the globe, maybe let’s start with India where as you know the Indian farmer is pretty much insulated from the big increases in nutrient prices. They have a maximum retail price, they’re headed into an election and farm economics in India are as strong as, probably the strongest of anywhere in the world.  When you look at some of the other big Asian markets, what we’ve focused in North America on corn and soybeans and wheat, you look at some of the key prices driving fertilizer demand there such as rice prices and palm oil prices. And they’re at absolutely record smashing levels. So farmer economics around the globe despite the high crop input prices still remain very strong and you know we certainly discuss and try and analyze demand destruction but frankly we have not seen a huge amount of evidence that demand is being destroyed at these levels yet. It’s something that we’ll continue to monitor very carefully but at this point we’ve seen minimal impacts.
David Silver – J.P. Morgan: Thank you very much.
Christine Battist:  And that concludes our call.
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today’s conference, this concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-01-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: James T. Prokopanko – President, Chief Executive Officer Lawrence W. Stranghoener – Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Richard N. McLellan – Senior Vice President, Commercial Christine Battist – Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: David Silver – J. P. Morgan Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch Brian Yu – Citigroup [David Batnick] – Barclay’s  Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse Michael Judd – Greenwich Consultants [Charles Neverd] – Morgan Stanley [Bob Gullberg] –Asset Management
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Mosaic Company’s fiscal 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants have been placed in listen-only mode. The floor will be opened for questions following today’s presentation. Your host for today’s call is Christine Battist, Director of Investor Relations of The Mosaic Company. Please proceed, Ma’am.
Christine Battist: Thank you and welcome to Mosaic’s fiscal 2008 second quarter conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer, Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of Mosaic’s Executive Management Team.  Before I turn the call over to Larry for opening remarks I have two reminders. First, we will be using some slides during the conference call today. You may view the presentation slides simultaneously with the audio webcast. The presentation slides are available on our website at mosaicco.com/investors. The slides enhance our conference call, but are not a requirement for the call. Contact us after the call if you are unable to download the slides and we’ll send them to you. Second, I’ll remind you of our safe harbour statement. Statements made during the conference call contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of The Mosaic Company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The remarks made during the conference call are made based upon information and understanding that are believed to be accurate as of today’s date, January 9th, 2008.  Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast, or re-broadcast in any form without the express written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. With that as important background I’ll turn the call over first to Larry Stranghoener, who will review the second quarter results. Following that Jim Prokopanko will discuss our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Thank you, Christine, and good morning to everyone. We appreciate the opportunity to share our results in these dynamic and evolving times in the fertilizer industry. As Christine mentioned, I will briefly address some highlights from our fiscal 2008 second quarter financial results, as well as update certain elements of our financial guidance. We had another quarter of strong performance and results. Our net earnings for the second quarter ended November 30th, 2007, were a record $394 million or $0.89 per diluted share. Our impressive net earnings this quarter represent a $328 million increase over the prior year and we have surpassed all earnings records since Mosaic was formed in 2004. These results were primarily driven by higher phosphate and potash selling prices and realizing the benefit of favourable industry conditions in the offshore segment.  Our average second quarter DAP selling price was $417 per tonne, which is $174 per tonne higher than the prior year and $10 per tonne higher than from the first quarter. The average potash selling price was $171 per tonne, increases of $29 and $11 per tonne from the prior year and prior quarter respectively. We expect realized selling prices to continue to climb for the remainder of fiscal 2008 due to a strong global demand environment for crop nutrients and rising raw material costs.  There are several specific items impacting our results for the second quarter that I’d like to mention. First, we realized a substantial improvement in gross margin, which equalled 28.4% for the second quarter compared to 10.5% a year ago despite increased sulphur costs in our phosphate segment and increased brine inflow costs at our Esterhazy potash mine. This dramatic improvement is the result of higher prices, to be sure, but also demonstrates the inherent operating leverage of our business and our ability to operate our mines, plants, and supply chains efficiently and at high operating rates. Our focus on execution is serving us well in this time of strong demand. Second, I am happy to report that we generated $543 million of cash flow from operations in the second quarter; an increase of nearly $400 million from the same period last year. As you know, we have focused on cash flow as a key metric since the inception of Mosaic and it is gratifying to deliver such strong results.  Third, we had $45.5 million in equity earnings in our non-consolidated entities in the second quarter compared with $15.4 million a year ago. The increase in equity earnings from Fosfortil is the result of strong, resilient agricultural market fundamentals. Additionally, our equity investment in Saskferco generated strong earnings, primarily the result of higher nitrogen selling prices. We expect continued favourable results from these investments and are increasing our guidance for equity earnings in non-consolidated subsidiaries to a range of $90 million to $120 million for fiscal 2008. Next, we reported certain tax benefits specific to the second quarter totalling $35.9 million or $0.08 per share related primarily to utilization of foreign tax credits. We expect an additional one-time tax benefit in the third quarter related to the impact of Canadian federal tax rate reductions on deferred tax liabilities of about $30 million. Excluding these one-time benefits we continue to expect an effective tax rate in the low 30% range for fiscal 2008. Our substantially improved US profitability is allowing us to more fully utilize existing tax attributes and enjoy a lower effective tax rate. In addition, we had a $10.3 million charge this quarter due to a change in estimated asset retirement obligations on certain closed phosphate facilities in connection with our May 2006 restructuring.  Finally, there were unrealized foreign currency transaction losses of $52.4 million or approximately $0.09 per share in the second quarter. This is a direct result of the substantial strengthening of the Canadian dollar during the second quarter. As you may recall, because this line on our income statement primarily represents non-cash, non-economic exposure, we choose not to spend money to hedge it.  Our total debt at the end of November 2007 was $1.7 billion, a substantial decrease from one year ago, resulting in a debt-to-capital ratio of 25% at the end of the quarter. We prepaid $450 million of debt in the second quarter and collectively we have prepaid $1 billion of debt since May 1st, 2007, including a recent prepayment of $150 in late December. This represents a major milestone for Mosaic, which has again been recognized by the credit-rating agencies. In early November Fitch upgraded our corporate credit rating to DD+. This is just one notch below our investment grade goal. As you may recall from our first quarter call, Moody’s had previously upgraded us to a similar level. Our second quarter capital expenditures were $79.1 million compared with $32.7 million a year ago. We still anticipate that we will incur $360 million to $400 million of capital expenditures in fiscal 2008.  Mosaic’s selling, general, and administrative expenses were $79.8 million in the quarter compared to $70.4 million a year ago. The increase was primarily related to higher incentive compensation accruals, post implementation and depreciation costs related to our enterprise resource planning system implemented late last fiscal year, and other external consulting fees. Our fiscal 2008 guidance for SG&A remains between $280 million and $300 million.  Now let me turn to some updates to our guidance regarding sales volumes and pricing as summarized on slide number one. We continue to forecast our phosphate sales volumes to range between 8.6 million and 9.1 million tonnes for this fiscal year. Prices are rising and our third quarter pricing for DAP FOB plant is estimated to be $470 to $480 per tonne; an increase from $417 for the second quarter. Note that spot prices moved well beyond these levels toward the end of the quarter and we expect price realizations to move significantly higher in the fourth quarter. For potash we continue to forecast our sales volumes to range between 8.5 million and 9.0 million tonnes for this fiscal year. Here too prices are up and our third quarter pricing for potash FOB plant is estimated to be $190 to $200 per tonne compared with the second quarter average of $171 per tonne. As with phosphates, prices in the fourth quarter should continue to increase and we recently implemented an $80 price increase for domestic potash effective March 1st.  We expect continued strong year-over-year comparisons and outstanding full-year results. That said, as the curmudgeonly CFO I must add two cautionary comments about our third quarter outlook. First, note that our third quarter typically is the slowest seasonal point for offshore and phosphate sales volumes and we anticipate this trend again this year. Second, we anticipate further increases in sulphur costs, which will pressure phosphates gross margin in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. That concludes the highlights of our financial performance for the second quarter and guidance for the third quarter. Now let me turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko: Thank you, Larry. I’ll provide an outlook for the rest of the fiscal year and highlight market prospects and opportunities for Mosaic during the next several years. Prospects for our main businesses during the rest of the fiscal year look outstanding. Agricultural commodity prices continue to climb, bolstering farm economics and nutrient demand in all corners of the globe.  We see no signs of a let up in momentum in either grain or crop nutrient markets as we start the new year. I believe it is fair to say that most analysts expect more upside than downside risks in these ag markets during the next several months. The recent increases in crop prices are noteworthy. Let’s move to slide two. During our last conference call on October 9th I indicated that the 2008 new crop prices of corn, wheat, and soy beans were trading at extraordinarily high levels and an intense battle for acreage was likely to occur next spring. At that time the 2008 new crop price for corn was about $4 per bushel. New crop soy bean price was roughly $9.50 a bushel. And new crop price of wheat was approximately $6.70 per bushel. Needless to say, crop prices have moved even higher since then due to a combination of continuing strong global demand and concerns over the size of the southern hemisphere’s crop. Today new crop prices for these three commodities are trading at approximately $4.96, $11.81, and $8.40 per bushel respectively. The $0.96 per bushel increase in the price of corn during the last few weeks will generate additional farmer revenue of $173 per acre assuming a yield of 180 bushels per acre. That obviously will help farmers pay higher fuel, seed, and fertilizer bills this year. There have been questions about farmer affordability of crop nutrients. I want to put the cost of crop nutrients into perspective. Let’s look at slide three. We estimate that a farmer would have to sell 26 bushels of corn at today’s 2008 new crop price in order to pay for fertilizer purchased at current spot prices and apply it on each acre of corn planted this spring. To put that into perspective, the per acre cost of fertilizer calculated in bushels of corn has averaged about 23 bushels during the last five years, and have ranged from just 19 bushels in 2003 and 2007 to as high as 30 bushels in 2005.  Yes, crop nutrients are expensive today, but farmers are seeing record crop prices at the same time and are getting a great return for their fertilizer investment. Phosphate and potash fundamentals remain exceptionally strong in both the near and medium terms, as shown on slide four. The current spot price of dimonium phosphate, or DAP, loaded on a vessel in Tampa has increased $610 per metric tonne, up from $450 per tonne in mid-October. And by the way, yesterday we closed on an export DAP sale for February’s shipment at $685 per metric tonne loaded in Tampa.  Regarding potash. The current spot price of blend grade potash delivered to Brazil has climbed to more than $400 per tonne. Up $100 per tonne from levels just a few months ago.  In the case of potash, supply continues to struggle to keep up with galloping demand as evidenced by extremely low stocks held by North American producers at the end of the fall season. This situation likely will persist until additional capacity comes on line over the next few years. As a result, market prices continue to increase significantly in all major markets.  Then there’s China. We believe our Chinese customers recognize the new reality of world potash pricing and we know that in-country stocks of potash in China are tight. Campotex is not now in formal negotiation with the Chinese; however, we believe an agreement can be reached with China in the first quarter of 2008. In the meantime, no new shipments will be made to China except for carry-over shipments from last year’s contract. There is very strong demand in both the other international markets and here in North America with willing buyers for the tonnes that China will miss in the first quarter.  The phosphate situation and outlook is similar to that of potash. US producers reported holding the lowest inventories in modern history at the end of the North American fall season. More importantly, large increases in market prices for phosphate rock and phosphoric acid in 2008 will dramatically boost costs for non-integrated producers that still account for almost one-third of global phosphate production.  Note that substantially higher sulphur costs, particularly outside of North America, are also underpinning higher phosphate selling prices. All of these changes in raw material costs have combined to dramatically improve our global competitiveness. We believe our established supplier partnerships, our scale, and infrastructure investments in sulphur give us a competitive advantage over our competition. Finally, after searching to unprecedented levels last year phosphate exports from China will likely drop in 2008 due to domestic Chinese needs and government policies designed to keep more product at home for local farmers. We estimate that the Chinese market is short phosphate and government planners who are battling serious food inflation are expected to make every effort to produce a record crop in 2008 would require local farmers having ample supplies of crop nutrients. These indeed are heady times for agricultural and crop input businesses. We have noted on several occasions that this is not a one-year phenomenon caused by weather-related supply shops. Rather it is a multi-year upturn driven by strong and sustainable demand pull factors.  Grain and oilseed markets are sending strong price signals to farmers to plant more acres and boost yields in order to meet accelerating demand. That has resulted in increasingly robust nutrient demand forecasts. The most recent estimates and forecasts from the International Fertilizer Industry Association now indicate that global nutrient use will increase 13% for almost 20 million metric tonnes during the three years from 2006 to 2008. That is nearly the equivalent to adding another United States to global demand. Now let’s move on to slide five. Agriculture has an impressive track record of productivity growth and efficiency gains. For example, the real price of corn has trended down over time, reflecting the tremendous growth and productivity. Although we have seen a recent uptick in the prices of ag commodities, we have seen a steady drop in the inflation-adjusted cost of ag commodities over nearly 40 years.  Now turning to slide six. Average US corn yields have increased from less than 80 bushels per acre as recently as 1970 to more than 150 bushels per acre today. This works out to be 1.7% annual growth in per acre corn yields. At the same time, nutrient use efficiency has also improved dramatically. US farmers applied about three pounds of nutrients per bushel of corn in 1970 compared to just over 1.5 pounds per bushel of corn today.  We expect these on-farm productivity gains to continue. Recently Rob Fraley, the chief technology officer at Monsanto, predicted in a Business Week cover story that corn yields would reach 300 bushels per acre by 2030. We place our bets on agricultural innovation and technological advances to generate productivity and efficiency gains which will keep the agricultural sector thriving for years to come. So given these extraordinary fundamentals how is Mosaic playing to win? In potash we have a readily available and cost-effective asset base that enables us to bring on production quickly through ground field expansions. Our expansion of 1.1 million tonnes in Esterhazy last year demonstrated that we can expand capacity at one of the lowest per tonne capital costs in the industry. Additional expansions are already under way at our (inaudible) and Bell Plain operations. We are thoughtfully mapping out additional opportunities. In phosphates our vertically integrated enterprise provides us tremendous opportunity. From our owned rock mines to our world-scale concentrate plants through to our global supply chain network. In the medium term, we view phosphates with the potential to be the strongest of the three major nutrients. As the largest producer of phosphates in the world we are positioned to fully leverage the opportunities ahead of us. To complement our phosphate and potash production businesses we have a global distribution network consisting of port, storage, and plant facilities in key locations that play an integral role in distributing our products to our valued customers. Just as important, we have diverse on-the-ground teams to serve these customers and stay away from the emerging customer and marketplace trends.  What does this mean for our customers, our investors, and our employees? It means that Mosaic has a unique business mix with world-scale and exceptional potash mines and mills, the world’s leading phosphate production business positioned to generate unprecedented earnings, and a noteworthy international footprint that compliments these businesses very well. No other crop nutrition company has the breadth, scope, and reach of Mosaic and we more than others are well positioned to deliver solutions and capture value in the dynamic times ahead.  In conclusion, we look forward to the opportunities that are ahead of us at Mosaic. Two-thousand-and-eight should be an exciting year as we wisely use the cash flow we have generated to improve our operational efficiencies, pursue growth opportunities based upon our strategic plan, and continue on our path to reach investment grade. All of this will create value for our employees, customers, and shareholders.  Thank you, and back to you, Christine.
Christine Battist: Thank you, Jim. Now, Operator, would you please open the line for questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of David Silver of JP Morgan. Please proceed.
David Silver – J. P. Morgan: Yeah, hi, good morning. Jim, I had a question about potash pricing and in particular I was looking at slide four in your presentation where you seem to kind of point to delivered prices into Brazil of $350 or more beginning in the middle of ’07. I’m trying to relate that market price or market dynamic to the seemingly much lower guidance of $190 to $200 FOB the mine for shipments, I guess, to take you through February of 2008. Is there something company specific or is there some meaningful time lags? Can you discuss maybe why seemingly you’re indicating your potash prices, realized prices are going to lag what you have as some benchmark market prices by such a wide margin?
James T. Prokopanko: Sure, David. This is an issue we’ve addressed and continue to explain. As a sale today typically doesn’t get shipped for about 12 weeks, something in that range. Anywhere 8 to 16 weeks later before it shows up as a sale on a revenue on our books. So what we’re posting today and for the next couple weeks are products that we sold back in would be October/November time period. At that time prices weren’t at where they are today. So it’s just a matter of some catch up before we get to those kind of spot levels you see posted today. 
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: David, I’d add, note too that we have a mix of products we sell in potash, including industrial products and K-mag – a specialty product – that are currently priced below agricultural market prices.
David Silver – J. P. Morgan: Okay. And if I could ask a question about sulphur. The markets both in the Gulf and offshore are pretty volatile right now. And this is probably an issue of increasing importance for you guys. I’m just wondering if you could characterize not just the price but maybe your feelings about the availability of sulphur sufficient to kind of maintain running your DAP operations at the rates that you indicate. In other words, is there any risk that maybe some middle man will get a sharp idea of taking some $250 a tonne sulphur from the Gulf and shipping it into some offshore markets where the selling prices are much higher. 
James T. Prokopanko: Okay, David, this is an area of concern for us, absolutely. What has happened is, one, we’ve on one hand had strong demand for sulphur. As a result of a strong fertilizer complex about 85% to 90% of the sulphur in North America goes to fertilizer use. That has been complicated with what seems like an epidemic of plant outages and plant disruptions at refiners and gas processors. Unnatural, unusual to see this happening and we think it’s just a transitional thing we’re going through. These plants are getting back on line. We are seeing more and we expect 12 and 24 months out more production, sulphur production coming on stream, but in the meantime we’re going through some tough times.  The North American market is largely a molten market whereas the international market is a solid market. To take a product from molten form to solid form requires some granulation capacity, some shipping capacity, logistics capacity that aren’t in place now and we think it’s going to be very difficult for anyone to move molten product into the international markets.  Now on to your point, do we have risk of supply disruption? Well, if there’s no sulphur tomorrow we would have that problem. We’re staying ahead of it. We’re going after all sorts of alternatives and to this point our suppliers have been able to keep our plants up and operating and with our molten barges, our handling facilities with the inventories we don’t see a near-term risk in shutting down production as a result of lack of sulphur.
David Silver – J. P. Morgan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Reid of Banc of America. Please proceed.
Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities: Good morning. Just a couple questions I guess back on David’s question. Are you guys getting all the sulphur you need to run your plants at full rates? Do you think maybe your competitors are having trouble sourcing sulphur and they may be forced to cut back operating rates here, which could tighten up the market here?
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah, we’re getting all that we need to operate our plants. We’d like to, of course, get a little bit more and build a buffer. Maybe we’re not building the buffer, but we have a good inventory stock of sulphur in place. We are the largest consumer of sulphur in North America and I think we’re getting, I’d like to believe we’re getting that due kind of respect from our suppliers. As far as what our competitors are facing, I just don’t have any idea what situation they’re in and what they’re facing in terms of their supply/demand balance on sulphur.
Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities: Okay. On phosphates you mentioned rock and sulphur costs are going up dramatically. Yet based on current selling prices in various regions what do you think the response will be from non-integrated producers? Could we see production curtailed until prices rise here and how high do you think DAP prices need to go in order to make it attractive for non-integrated producers to keep running?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, you put your finger on a real challenge for these non-integrated producers. Those that – and non-integrated, what we mean are those that don’t own their own rock reserves. Sulphur’s a different situation. I’ll make a point about that in a moment. But North America, if you don’t have your own rock you’re paying, you could be paying as high as $200 a tonne FOB Morocco whereas Mosaic has their own rock reserves and our own rock mines in Florida that feed our facilities. So that’s going to be a challenge and we expect they will have to, their response will be to pass those higher costs on to the consumer of the product. I don’t think there’s any phosphate producer that is an integrated sulphur producer as well, so we’re all liable to the same market dynamics and the same market pricing, more or less, on sulphur. A difference, an important difference here, and this is where I think Mosaic is so well positioned, is North America, we are paying, and you’re seeing the most recent posted sulphur prices in that $250 a long tonne range. China is paying, or India has just recently concluded some contract at $550 a tonne. Morocco has concluded a sulphur contract at over $400 a tonne. You look at that differential and call $550 versus $250, $550 India versus $250 in the US, $300 a tonne differential in the sulphur price, and 0.4 of a tonne of sulphur in a tonne of phosphates, that’s $120 a tonne cost advantage to Mosaic over a producer in India and $80 a tonne differential to those versus Morocco. So North American producers are in a good position.
Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities: Any thoughts on how high DAP prices need to go here in order to cover those costs off shore?
James T. Prokopanko: How high DAP costs have to go?
Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities: DAP prices have to go.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, we’re, they’ll go to – before, I’d ask Rick McLellan, our commercial manager, who thinks about this a lot to help with that answer. 
Richard N. McLellan: Thanks, Jim. I think what we’re seeing is a reflection of these new costs in the pricing FOB Tampa today where in the, where yesterday we closed on $684 a metric into the South American market. Clearly it’s going to be a factor of when contracts for both sulphuric and, sulphur and phosphoric acid get done in the major markets such as India that will set the underpinning for what phosphate prices are going to do. But they have room to go up from the $685.
Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities: Okay. One more question then I’ll get back in cue. Just phosphates again. Costs are going up for you guys this quarter, but so are selling prices. Although maybe not to the extent that the spot market would suggest. Could we see gross profit per tonne decline sequentially in phosphates this quarter? 
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah, that’s possible, Marshall, in the third quarter. It’s simply a timing issue. We’ll see very significant pricing increases by the fourth quarter that will more than offset the expected increases in sulphur costs by then. But it may be more of an issue in the third quarter. 
Marshall Reid – Banc of America Securities: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Good morning, guys. One quick follow up on sulphur costs. How long are your contracts and how often do those contracts get re-priced? 
James T. Prokopanko: Our contracts are three-month contracts. That’s about the industry standard. And we re-negotiate every three months, a couple months, couple weeks before the end of that contract to set the new price.
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That’s fine. Another question on products. Do costs for Esterhazy, like, the brine costs, can you talk about what we see, you know, what we should see going forward and how much is left in terms of those costs?
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah, we are spending roughly $10 million to $12 million, $13 million a quarter in the first half of the year that will likely slacken off somewhat as we move into the second half of the year. We’ve been spending a lot of money on pumping capacity and running those pumps, and to great effect, we believe, as well. But you should start to see those costs coming down. And remember, this became a major issue last year at about this time, so on a year-over-year basis in the third quarter you should see improvement this year versus last. 
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just going back to DAP, the margin issue again. Now, if I understand what you said correctly, you expect that margin contraction issue to just be like a third-quarter issue and by the fourth quarter you should be back to prices.
James T. Prokopanko: Yes. I’m just pointing out that there’s a lag effect. We’re seeing these significant increases in sulphur costs hitting us in the third quarter. We’re seeing an increase in prices, but not to the extent that prices will increase come the fourth quarter. By the time we get to the fourth quarter we would expect the increases in selling prices to more than offset the expected increases in sulphur costs. 
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Okay. So it’s a temporary issue. Okay. Thank you very much.
James T. Prokopanko: It’s only a temporary lag issue with respect to prices and costs.
Edlain Rodriguez – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Don Carson of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Jim, a couple questions on the capacity outlook, both for the industry and for yourself. I don’t believe you talked at all about any plans to increase phosphate capacity or bring back on line some of the capacity you idled back in May of 2006. I wonder if you could address that. And then secondly on potash, when do you expect the Esterhazy share that currently goes to a co-producer to revert back to Mosaic?
James T. Prokopanko: Okay. On phosphate we are running our plants well and near capacity, which is in the high 80%, close to 90% capacity utilization range. Which for fertilizer facilities I’d call operating at full capacity. We’re looking to debottleneck some of our phosphate operations and we do consider from time to time bringing on additional phosphate production. We’re going to be very thoughtful about doing that and it’s going to be within line on what the demand factors are for phosphates. So if we do plan to open a facility you’ll hear about it.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: And on Esterhazy, when that reverts back to you.
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah, the Esterhazy potash expansion. We have an expectation that that is going to be no later than 2013 that that product comes back to the Mosaic company. We believe it could happen earlier, but it’s a little bit of a complicated calculation to understand what the reserve amounts were that the other potash company had access to and we’re working with them to resolve what that specific date is, but no later than 2013. And expect it to happen earlier than that.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: And then a broader question on use of cash flow. I mean, obviously it’s only a question of time until you get to investment grade rating. You’re there financially. Obviously it takes the rating agencies a while to respond. But you’re going to be generating a lot of cash. You talk about growth opportunities. Are these growth opportunities above and beyond just potash and phosphate capacity expansions? What specifically do you mean? And what’s your time frame for starting to return some cash to shareholders, starting with the dividend and then moving on to share repurchase?
James T. Prokopanko: Good questions, Don. First of all it’s, you’re right, our first objective is to get to investment grade and we believe that our balance sheet today is very much deserving of investment grade rating. Priority investments beyond building the balance sheet is, number one, expansion of our potash business with some very attractive ground field projects, many of those that have been announced. Second, reinvestment in our phosphate operations, improve efficiencies, improve operating rates, and to enhance our mining capabilities of the phosphate business. Third, I think there could be some opportunities to expand phosphate mining and production outside of North America.  And then there’s a variety of other opportunities that we continue to pursue. It’s been talked about in the past. Uranium processing in our Florida facilities. Development of the land in Florida. And beyond that, dividend policies and so on, returning money back to shareholders. That’s a question we’re asking ourselves. We’ve got a group that’s looking at an ideal capital structure for Mosaic and once those folks complete their deliberations you’ll hear more from us about what we may intend in regards to dividend and capital structure.
Donald Carson – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Yu of Citi. Please proceed.
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Thank you and good morning, guys. A question for you on the forward sales again, going back to David’s question. Given how tight the markets are, is there an opportunity to not sell forward as much and what’s the minimum lead time you need for logistical purposes? 
James T. Prokopanko: I’ll let Rick McLellan address that.
Richard N. McLellan: Yeah, very good question, Brian. To clarify some things, we have the majority of our phosphate and potash for the fourth quarter to sell. We recently announced the potash increase domestically and we’ll start to sell into that. The thing that we have to be careful on is making sure that we have agreements in place to get product to our customers when they need it, both domestically and international. That’s part of the reason why we do go ahead and book a good solid forward book into place.
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Okay. So what would be the minimum lead time required, just for logistical purposes?
Richard N. McLellan: On the export side at least a month. And domestically, four to six weeks. That would be the minimum. 
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Okay. So, Jim, going back to what you’d said earlier about booking sales that don’t ship for eight to 16 weeks, is there an opportunity there to bring in some lead times again because your inventories are so low and it doesn’t seem like there’s any lack of demand of the available supply out there?
James T. Prokopanko: No, that’s correct and we have until the markets stabilized over December. We’d really pulled in our horns and weren’t making sales until we had a better understanding of what the market dynamics are. But it’s tough to raise the price without having some base sales to reference and we’ve got customers we have to serve and the best time to sell the customer is when they’re buying. And we’re using our judgement as to when that best time is and I think our commercial team has done an extraordinary job at keeping our customers supplied and managing prices in balance with what the S&Bs are showing us. 
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Okay. Good answer. Thanks. And then this is more of a question for Larry. In the past you’ve always disclosed what the market-to-market derivative gains or losses were and it was absent this quarter. Is it non-material?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: It’s non-material. They’re minimus (sic) numbers this quarter. So Christine can give you the exact numbers, if you’d like, but on the range of $5 million to $6 million.
Brian Yu – Citigroup: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Batnick (sic) of Barclay’s (sic). Please proceed.
David Batnick (sic) – Barclay’s (sic): Hi, guys. Just some, you know, getting back to use of cash flows. I’ll skip that since you answered that quite well. You did mention though that you’re looking at the complete plan in terms of what the capital structure should look like and dividends and all that. Is there any timing on when that plan is expected? Is it by the next call?
James T. Prokopanko: Well, this is being done in conjunction with the strategic planning work that we’ve discussed with you before. Now that we have a better understanding of our strategic game plan, where we want to go over the next three to five years, it’s appropriate to determine what the capital structure is to support that plan. What should our cash allocation policy be given that plan? So it’s very much a work in process and we will keep you updated. It’s something that I’m very anxious to bring to a conclusion relatively soon.  As has been pointed out here, we are awash in cash right now. Business is performing extremely well. We’re generating a lot of cash. We expect to continue to generate a lot of cash. It’s unlikely that we will seek to pay down additional debt. We think we’ve probably accomplished what we wanted to accomplish on our march to investment grade. And so that all puts a finer point now on us coming to some conclusions about our cash allocation policies. So we’re anxious to bring that work to a conclusion and when we do we’ll share that with you.
David Batnick (sic) – Barclay’s (sic): Okay. Is there, can you say if there’s anything left or can you tell us what’s left on the term loan?
James T. Prokopanko: There is very little left on the term loans that we took out last year at this time. So there may be some tag ends of some bonds that it may make sense to buy back at some point, but we, again, I’ll repeat, we’ve largely accomplished what we’ve wanted to accomplish with respect to debt repayment.
David Batnick (sic) – Barclay’s (sic): Yeah, I understand. I’m just trying to understand what the rating agencies are waiting for. If they’re waiting for the incident plan. Based on the fact that there are a bunch of other, I don’t know, based on what’s happened it’s hard to, and basically looking at your competitors and where they’re rated. Can you say anything about plans to meet with them again soon now that earnings are out? Or you have already?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Yeah, we’re regularly in contact with the rating agencies. I think that everybody on the call understands that we’ll have the metrics we need long before that’s acknowledged by the rating agencies, and that’s typical of the process that we have to go through. I think that the agencies want to see some sustainability of results. We don’t think we have any difficulty demonstrating that these results should be sustainable, as Jim highlighted in his comments. So we will continue to meet with them regularly, to ensure they understand the dynamics of the business, the outlook that we have, and I’m sure in good time they will acknowledge what’s been happening here and what’s likely to continue to happen.
David Batnick (sic) – Barclay’s (sic): Okay. Please do accelerate this.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener: Okay.
David Batnick (sic) – Barclay’s (sic): Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly of Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: Thank you. As we look at your potash costs it looks like they’re better this quarter and you’ve talked about improving efficiency at phosphate operations. Can you give us a broader sense of how you think operations are moving forward at Mosaic right now? Obviously we had some bumpiness over the last couple of years. I’m just wondering if you can put some colour around how things are working internally right now?
James T. Prokopanko: Things are much improved these last couple quarters. We’re finding much more stability, finding our pace with our operations, and on occasion we do have an occasional bump in the road, but those bumps are becoming smaller bumps and I think we’ve got a strong operational leadership group at our facilities and we’re seeing some lower costs as a result of higher operating rates, good absorption of those costs, and we continue to drive for that. I’ve said on previous calls that operational excellence is important in this business and we’re applying that due consideration and the effort and the time to ensure that we’re getting there. So right now we feel we’re getting better. We’re not at where we want to be and we think there’s room to improve.
Mark Connelly – Credit Suisse: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mike Judd of Greenwich Consulting. Please proceed.
Michael Judd – Greenwich Consultants:  Yes, in terms of your volume projections for this current quarter they’ve been pretty much flat from the last time you provided that update. I’m just wondering if you think there could be some upside to those numbers. Thank you.
James T. Prokopanko: Well, you’re correct. We’re saying that our guidance stays in the range that we’ve been start of the year with and that’s not changing. I commented earlier that we are operating at pretty high operating levels, rates, and we expect to continue that for the balance of the year and as much as the industry is there just isn’t much free capacity to improve, increase the production of potash or phosphate, for that matter. Everything we can produce is being sold.
Michael Judd – Greenwich Consultants: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Charles Neverd (sic) of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Charles Neverd (sic) – Morgan Stanley: Morning. Just had a couple quick questions. You had talked about a 20 million tonne increase in fertilizer consumption over the period of ’06 to ’08. Between ’06 and ’07 how much of that has been, let’s say, completed and what’s sort of left for ’08 in that 20 million?
James T. Prokopanko: The 20 million, I think I was referring to a nutrient tonne measurement over a three-year period.
Charles Neverd (sic) – Morgan Stanley: Right. So how much of it has gone over the two years? We’re done with two of the years, so that leaves us with one. What’s left of that?
James T. Prokopanko: Thirty percent. I’d say it’s going to be pretty much divided over the three years. 
Charles Neverd (sic) – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And as far as forward sales, you had mentioned I think in your release that a lot of your sales were into North America, less into the foreign markets. Do you think North America can continue to absorb at the rate it’s been into the coming quarter, I guess, which like you said is usually a stronger North American quarter than foreign quarter. 
James T. Prokopanko: Our sales annually are about two-thirds international, one-third domestic North America. We’re convinced that at these prices, corn, bean, wheat prices, fertilizer is a very wise investment by every farmer in North America and yesterday closing of corn prices on the Chicago Board of Trade, new crop 2008 price, closing within $0.03 of $5, farmers would be remiss not to put on all the fertilizer that they agronomically should put on. And we think the logistics system is well tuned to handle that. I think there’s some extra capacity in the rail systems with some perhaps slower movements on other commodities. We’re well positioned to get all the product to the customers throughout North America.
Charles Neverd (sic) – Morgan Stanley: Okay. But I mean, do you think they bought a large predomination of what they’re going to need this year already or is there still more to come for their current needs?
James T. Prokopanko: Rick, what’s your assessment?
Richard N. McLellan: There’s still more to come for the current needs. Last spring’s planting pretty much emptied out the domestic warehouses and our customer’s warehouses. So refilling that change, it has really been ramped up in the last six months and there’s still a portion for them to buy for the rest of this year.
Charles Neverd (sic) – Morgan Stanley: Okay. I mean, would you say that this year they bought more in the fall and winter period than they did last year and maybe spring will be a little bit lighter or that they’ll continue to buy into the spring at the same level that they did last year?
Richard N. McLellan: I think the comparison would be better. They bought more in the fall than they did the previous year to get ready for this, for, which ended up being a very successful fall season. So the expectation is for good demand right straight through to spring.
Charles Neverd (sic) – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Christine Battist: Okay. We’ll take one more question before we close the call.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Bob Gullberg of (inaudible) Asset Management. Please proceed.
Bob Gullberg – (sic) Asset Management: Good morning. Just one more follow up on the forward selling on phosphate. If you look at where pricing was both in Florida and on the export market, the big move, the big recent move in pricing really started in early December, which would be 12 weeks prior to the start of the fiscal fourth quarter. Prices moved up to about $550 a net tonne in Florida and in the high fives, $570 plus on the export market. Should we expect to see those type of price levels given an average of a 12-week lag in the forward sales book as we start the beginning of the fiscal fourth quarter on March 1st?
James T. Prokopanko: Yes, you’re correct. And it’s right to notice that this last run up in phosphate prices didn’t really kick in until December or the beginning of our third quarter. So we will see the kind of spot prices, something closer to the kind of spot prices we’ve seen in the last few weeks, show up in our fourth quarter.
Bob Gullberg – (sic) Asset Management: Just to conclude that, just to finish the point. I’m sorry. So you’d be starting the fiscal fourth quarter at that sort of a price level for your realizations. Would that be a fair conclusion to make?
James T. Prokopanko: At what sort of price level?
Bob Gullberg – (sic) Asset Management: At the price levels I mentioned. Early December price levels of $550 –
James T. Prokopanko: Yeah, that’s correct. That’s right.
Bob Gullberg – (sic) Asset Management: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Christine Battist: All right. That concludes our second quarter conference call this morning. Thank you very much.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-09 20:45:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Hoadley - VP of IR Lawrence W. Stranghoener - EVP and CFO James T. Prokopanko - President and CEO Steven L. Pinney - Sr. VP, Phosphate Operations Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Sr. VP, Commercial 
Analysts: Marshall Reid - Banc of America Securities Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants David Silver - JP Morgan Brian Yu - Citigroup Mike Segall - Deutsche Bank Securities Sandy Klugman - Credit Suisse Steve Byrne - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Mosaic Company Earnings Conference Call. My name is Natasha and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Doug Hoadley, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed sir.
Douglas Hoadley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, and welcome to Mosaic's fiscal 2008 first quarter conference call. Joining us for the call this morning are Jim Prokopanko, President and Chief Executive Officer; Larry Stranghoener, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as several other members of Mosaic's executive management team. Before I turn the call over to Larry for some opening remarks, let me read our Safe Harbor statements. Statements made during this conference call contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements about future financials and operating results. These statements are based up on the current beliefs and expectations of the Mosaic Company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The remarks made during the conference call, are based on information and understandings that are believe to be accurate as of today's date, October 9th, 2007. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements is included in our press release issued... issued today and in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The call is the property of Mosaic. Any distribution, transmission, broadcast or rebroadcast in any form without the expressed written consent of Mosaic is prohibited. With that as important background I'll turn it over to first to Larry Stranghoener who will discuss our first quarter results. Following that Jim Prokopanko will discuss our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2008.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Doug and good morning to everyone. As Doug mentioned, I'll address highlights from our fiscal 2008 first quarter financial results. Our net earnings for the first quarter ended August 31st, 2007 were an impressive $306 million or $0.69 per share. These quarterly earnings are the highest since Mosaic formed three years ago as we continue to demonstrate dramatic performance improvement on a year-over-year basis and also compared with the prior quarter. The strong results were mainly driven by a large increase in our phosphate prices, significantly higher potash volumes and selling prices and a turnaround in our Offshore segment in part due to inventory gains. There were three specific items impacting our results for the quarter deserving special mention. First; there were unrealized mark-to-market losses on derivatives of $30 million or approximately $0.04 per share. As you know, we regularly take positions in the natural gas and foreign exchange markets to help manage economic exposure. These positions do not qualify for hedge accounting. Hence we mark them to market each quarter. Second; there were unrealized non-cash foreign currency transaction losses of $19 million or approximately $0.03 per share. This is a direct result of the strengthening Canadian dollar, which has continued to strengthen thus far into the second quarter. Because this line on our income statement largely reflects non-cash, non-economic exposure, we choose not to spend money to hedge it. Third, we had a tax benefit of $20 million or $0.05 per share during the quarter. This is due to foreign tax credits of $18 million, a reduction in Canadian tax rates of $5 million and a $6 million impact from the reversal of U.S. valuation allowances. These tax benefits were partially offset by a $9 million cost related to a dividend from a partially owned subsidiary. Including this $20 million benefit, which was worth about five percentage points, our effective tax rate was 25.4%. For fiscal 2008, we expect our effective tax rate will be in the low 30s percentage range, which are slightly lower than our prior guidance. We had impressive cash flow from operations of $438 million in the first quarter, an increase of $288 million from the same period last year due largely to our very strong earnings. As you know, we are focused on cash generations since our inception and it is gratifying to see this progress. Our total debt at the end of August 2007 was $2.2 billion, resulting in a debt-to-capital ratio of 32.8%, which is down considerably compared with 41.9% a year ago. Net of cash, debt-to-cap is an even more impressive 26.2%. We repaid an additional $300 million of debt in September, bringing our total pre-payment since May of this year to $700 million. Given the robust market environment and continuing strong cash flow, we expect to pre-pay additional debt during fiscal 2008. This progress was just recognized by Moody's, which upgraded our corporate credit rating by 2 notches to BA-1. This is just 1 notch below our investment grade goal. You can see more details on our balance sheet and cash flow in our 10-Q, which we expect to file tomorrow. With that quick recap on first quarter results, let me turn it over to Jim.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Larry. This is a report I am pleased to provide to our Mosaic shareholders. My comments will focus on the outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2008. Let me start by stating that the current agricultural outlook is extraordinary. Farmers around the globe are harvesting a record crop right now. This is not surprising given this year's higher grain and oilseed prices and large increases in planted area in crop nutrient use. What is surprising is that world grain and oilseed production will still fall short of projected demand by about 24 million tons. This highlights the need for even larger increases in both planted area and yields in order for global production to keep pace with accelerating demands. Grain and oilseed demand is increasing at a faster pace due to strong traditional drivers namely population and per capita income, as well as the explosive growth in biofuels production. World population continues to increase at a rate of about 77 billion people each year. More importantly, diets continue to improve due to income growth, especially in large and rapidly developing economies in Asia and Latin America. Biofuels are adding substantially new grain and oilseed demand. In fact biofuels may account for one-quarter to one-half of the projected demand during the next three years. This rapid development of biofuels however has resulted in some growing pains. For example, the exponential growth of U.S. ethanol production is creating transportation and logistical bottlenecks, and causing ethanol to trade at a discount for wholesale gasoline. That combined with higher foreign costs has squeezed ethanol margins. It will take time for infrastructure to catch up with production capabilities, but ethanol production will continue to increase. These demand-pulled pressures have ignited one of the strongest and broadest rallies in grain and oilseed prices since the 1970s. Wheat is currently leading the rally with current prices near $8.60 per bushel today. Global wheat stocks at the end of 2007-2008 crop year are projected to drop to their lowest levels since 1981, and the stocks to use ratio is the lowest in modern history. This rally however is not limited to wheat, corn and soybeans. The price of rice is at 10-year high and palm oil continues to trade at price levels just below the record set earlier this year. A fierce battle for acres is shaping up between the major crops this year. The 2008 new crop prices for corn, soybeans and wheat are roughly $3.90, $9.20 and $6.50 per bushel respectively. These are extra ordinary prices, which will result in a supply response. For example, more areas available for the 2008 crop in both the United States and Europe. In the United States, farmers removed about 2.5 million acres from the Conservation Reserve Program or CRP at the end of September. Most of this land is best suited for wheat production. In Europe, the EU agriculture ministers recently eliminated a 10% acreage set aside requirement for the 2008 crop, with this move expected to boost planted area by 1.6 million to 2.9 million hectors in 2008. These new European acres coming into production will require additional crop nutrients most likely from Russia and North Africa, which are currently being shipped to Latin America and Asia. The bottom line is that the grain and oilseed markets are signaling farmers to produce a bigger crop in 2008. We expect farmers will respond by planting more area and intensify cropping practices in order to boost yields. As a result, crop nutrient demand prospects remain extremely positive again this year. Now, turning to the phosphates and potash outlook. Demand prospects for both nutrients continue to look very strong. For example, Brazilian fertilizer shipments are projected to increase 17% to a record 24.5 million tons this year. Brazilian process phosphate and potash imports this year are forecast to rebound 52% and 24% respectively compared with the year ago. Indian demand also remained strong due to the combination of high grain prices and government-controlled retail fertilizer prices that are less than one-half current world values. We project that India will import about 2.6 million tons a DAP in 2007, nearly equally to last year's high level. Indian potash imports are projected to rebound a bit more than 20% from a year ago. China remains a wild card for both phosphates and potash. China's export... is expected to export more than 4 million tons of DAP, MAP and triple superphosphate in 2007. That is more than double the 1.9 million tons exported in 2006. However, we believe this export activity may have shorted China's domestic market in the process. In the case of potash, China traditionally enters into annual supply agreements with shipments beginning in January. Our export association, Canpotex will be looking to close the significant gap between higher world potash prices and the lower prices paid by the Chinese in calendar 2007. We anticipate that the Chinese potash supply agreement for 2008 will be closed in a timely fashion, so stay tuned. North American industry shipments so far this fertilizer year are off to a faster start than a year ago. DAP and MAP shipments were up 38% and potash shipments were up 9% from last year. Demand clearly has outpaced supply during the past several months resulting in a draw down of producer's phosphate and potash inventories. For example, DAP and MAP inventories held by U.S. producers at the end of August declined to the lowest level in more than 15 years. Potash inventories held by North American producers at the end of August dropped 41% from year ago. This tight market situation has reflected and continued strong phosphate pricing. We have recently implemented $11.00 per metric ton increase for the DAP price, FOB Central Florida and the export price in Tampa remained strong at around $440 per metric ton. The only negative factor has been high ocean freights, which are nearly double the year ago levels. For Potash, the tight market situation has also reflected in higher prices. A year ago, the delivered price of potash to Brazil hit a low of $185 per metric ton. The most recent price increase of $55 per ton by Canpotex which takes effect in... in December will take Brazilian prices to a delivered value of $355 per ton. As with phosphates, freight levels have increased dramatically. But clearly, the net back value of equivalent price FOB mine has increased dramatically over the last year. In addition, we recently implemented a price increase of $30 to $38 per ton for the North American potash market depending on location. Now allow me to conclude and summarize. Grain and oilseed demand continues to be larger than supply, leading to higher commodity prices, record highs for some crops. Due to these high crop prices, we expect to see an increase in acres planted and intensified cropping practices. In turn, we expect this will lead to continued strong crop nutrient demand growth throughout the world. For both phosphate and potash, we continue to see low inventories and tight markets as demand growth outstrips new capacity additions. As a result, prices for phosphates remains strong and prices for potash have and likely will continue to increase. Although these market conditions are extraordinary, in no way does this diminish our efforts to continue building a world class and high performing organization. We have made tremendous progress in the past three years in not only integrating our two companies, but improving our processes and reliability of our businesses throughout the world. We remain determined to better serve our customers. We continue to drive for improvements in all our operations, and we are determined to deliver consistent and strong results for our shareholders. My expectations remain very high for fiscal 2008, and well into this foreseeable future. Thank you. Back to Doug.
Douglas Hoadley - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Jim. Let me just add a personal note. This maybe my last earnings conference call, as I've recently accepted a new position within Mosaic that I'm very excited about. Now the operator, please open up the... open up the phone for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Marshall Reid with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Marshall Reid - Banc of America Securities: Good morning, nice quarter. Just a question on phosphate, can you talk about the mining and concentrate cost this quarter. Can you talk... maybe quantify that, and also can you discuss sort of the utilization rate last quarter and your expectation for this quarter? Do you have any plant turnarounds coming?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Phosphate costs, Marshall, were up this quarter compared to last year's first quarter, compared to the fourth quarter as well. They were not far off of our budget; however, they were up because of higher freight costs, they were up because of the mark-to-market effect that we described. They were up because of turnaround activity occurring this year's first quarter that was not present in last year's first quarter. They were up as well because of modestly higher raw material costs. I would caution you not to focus too much on quarterly trends in phosphate costs, because they can be lumpy because of turnaround activities and because of the vagaries of mining. Sometimes you are in rich ore bodies; sometimes you are in leaner ore bodies. And so what we focus on is rolling 12-month results, and we would prefer to have lower... have had lower costs in the first quarter, we're confident in the cost outlook for the rest of this year, beginning in the second quarter.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am going to ask Steve Pinney, our Senior Vice President of Phosphate Operations to comment on the operating rates.
Steven L. Pinney - Senior Vice President, Phosphate Operations: This year's operating rates with the high demand are at about the highest levels, so we can support our asset utilization, which is the combination of operating rates and rate that we operate the plants at is that in the high 80s to low 90s. We expect them to be there through the coming year.
Marshall Reid - Banc of America Securities: Right. One more question, just on the balance sheet, net debt is down to around $1.6 billion by my math and the investment grade, starting to look more likely here. Given any thoughts to how would you use free cash flow in fiscal '09 yet, and can you sort of talk about your priorities there and to the uranium project be one of them?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our intent is to pay down... continue to pay down debt, and get us to levels we believe we'll have us at investment grade. And we are as well hopeful and expectant that is in our near term future. What we do in 2009, we are not prepared to itemize what those are. You mentioned uranium; that is definitely a possibility. We are optimistic about the prospects for the industry, the phosphates, the potash businesses. The near and mid-term prospects look very encouraging, and we are working on some growth opportunities that we will announce in due course, but we do believe there is a good places to grow business and further invest in the potash and phosphate nutrients.
Marshall Reid - Banc of America Securities: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Don Carson. Please proceed.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Jim, a couple of questions on the phosphate outlook. We are seeing some new expansions overseas, OCP has two, there is stock perhaps not overseas, but the Fentanyl restart in Mexico. How do you see the export outlook for phosphates unfolding over the next year and just sort of a follow up on your ag outlook. What specifically are you looking for in terms of corn versus soy and wheat acreage in the U.S. this upcoming planting season?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you are correct. There is a couple of phosphate projects that are going to be coming on stream anytime between January. The Fentanyl one is talked about coming out early in the new calendar year and a couple in the Middle-East that will coming on towards the summer months. Our forecast is with one proviso [ph] is that the world demand will handily absorb the new production coming on at the rate that it's coming on. And the wild card and I'd characterize that in my comment is the China market. They have gone from exporting 2 million tons annually to 4 million tons annually and we are really not clear on the sustainability of doing that. And we have suspicions that they have any reasons to believe that they have over shopped their exports, will short the domestic market and depending on... and that's going to have an influence on what happens next year with the phosphate supply if they are short 1 million or 2 million tons from this year's export levels. But that said, we are seeing prices hold, demand remains strong around the world and we don't anticipate these new startups to impact the forecast for our price stability going forward. Now, you've asked about grain markets. That continues to look strong. We've just had a very strong North American grain harvest coming in and that said, the world demand still is continuing to outstrip this growth and supply. Carry over stocks remain... continue to decline in corn. We saw it in spades with wheat and saw the result of a $9 spike to $9 wheat and we anticipate very strong dynamics for the oilseed markets and that's going to be driven much by what's happening in Brazil with their oilseed crop. It's time to start planting the oilseed crop. It's a little dry in the north, a little wet in the south of Brazil and that's causing some consternation about what the size of the oilseed crop and in fact corn plantings in Brazil. So there is much to be played out yet and it won't I think be till January or February that we get a good sense of what acres are going to be planted. At these kind of high bean levels, the temptation to plant beans will be high. Yes, there is a lot of demand for corn and corn's going to have to respond in price in order to get the necessary acres planted. So at this point, corn acres of... to make a swag at where they will be, I think they could be down as little as 3 million acres to 90 million in the U.S. to perhaps 5 million acres down to 88 million acres in the coming year. But there is a... there is a lot to happen before that is finalized.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks and one follow-up for Larry. Larry, SG&A came down a lot faster than expected. Is this the run rate we should expect going forward now? Or do you have further reductions planned?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: SG&A can be very lumpy. The fourth quarter was of course much higher than what you saw in the first quarter. I would not simply annualize the SG&A rate. We would stick with the guidance of $280 million to $300 million of SG&A for the year.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edlain Rodriguez with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Good morning guys. A couple of questions, first one on phosphate. How do you expect the potential higher phosphate rock prices, which potentially could be going up 100 that was per ton to impact DAP prices and when?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the current spot price of rock quoted by the Moroccans, FOB Morocco is in that $100 range and so that has been already, I would say factored in. Mosaic only buys a couple of 100 somewhere in between 200,000 and 300,000 tons of our total 16 million ton annual production in order to blend up our current rock rate quality. So it is not a material impact to our cost. But it has been I'd say partially factored in, there maybe more to come. Those that don't have rock really have a challenge, with this is done as effectively increase the value of Mosaic's rock mining operations and rock reserves. Bottom line, it provides the floor for the phosphate prices. This is just yet another higher cost to producing the product along with higher capital costs, recently higher sulfur costs. It's a higher cost game, and this is another reason I believe that phosphate prices are going to be sustained at these higher levels we are seeing today.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Yes. I mean that's what I was trying to get up, if that was going to push that prices higher. The other question Jim, you've talked about this long industry fundamental, if you're looking at the capacity coming online... nothing that big, that's going to do well the market right now. But is there anything I would dare, that concerns you, because things looks so good, you would take something must be keeping you awake at night?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's what I tell you our CFO for us stay awake. I generally sleep fairly well knowing that he is awake. Seriously, he... the issue would be commodity prices. That is the one aspect that we don't have any control over, and if we were to see something that a world event, a collapse in energy prices, an un-rattling biofuels and a reduced demand for a... reduced demand for corn, oilseeds and wheat, we would see a knock on our back to our fertilizer consumption, that's my single biggest concern.
Edlain Rodriguez - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Michael Judd. Please proceed.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Good morning, thanks for taking my question. In the phosphate, I see that the on a year-over-year basis in terms of volumes, I see that international was down, but obviously North America was up. I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the trends that you've seen in September and October so far in terms of the North American versus international volumes in phosphates, please.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am going to turn that over to Rick McLellan, our Senior Vice President, Commercial, and he looks after both our domestic and worldwide distribution and commercial operations.
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: So, if the question is about what did we see in September and what do we see in October, traditionally this is the time for our export shipments to improve, and we have seen that happen. As well, we have seen continued solid demand in North America for what sets up to be a pretty good fall application season.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And then do you have some similar commentary on potash in terms of specifically October and September? So at this point, we should have roughly half the quarter, right?
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: We are seeing real solid export shipments to the coast, specifically Jim talked about earlier. The Brazil market is up dramatically on potash, and we are shipping record volumes to... for export as well as domestically. Again, we are expecting a very solid fall season. So both international markets and domestic markets are rolling around... along very well.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Okay. And just lastly, when do you expect the negotiations with the Chinese to wrap up? I mean do you have some sense of timing?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hard to comment on, my advice to the Chinese would be to get that done as soon as possible before the other world markets start. North American market for example, starts drying on the potash stocks. Hard to say, and I can't really comment on that. But it's... they have reason if you look at the SMBs to get on with the conflict.
Michael Judd - Greenwich Consultants: Thanks a lot for the help.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Silver. Please proceed.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Yes, hi good morning. I have a couple of questions. I guess first, I wanted to maybe get your sense of the phosphate situation in India. So, according to the data we see, and I guess, Jim, domestic production in that country continues to kind of fall short of targets. And I assume that what they don't produce, they need to go our into the market and purchase. So can you... I know you have some people on the ground there. So can you give us your sense of incrementally what's been happening in that key market the last few months, and whether you anticipate, you would ratchet up your expectations for their import demand for DAP?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I have, I got a couple of comments I could make on that. India's DAP demand is expected to see strong and largely due to the good, strong favorable farm economics. They have a choice to either grow their own wheat or to import very, very expensive wheat. So their incentive is grow as much as they can. DAP users are projected to increase to about 7.2 million tons is the numbers we have for 2007-2008. That's up above 5% from 6.9 million tons in the past year. They are struggling with DAP production with their granulation plants in India and they are below the government target. Production during the past five months of the year, April to August was about 1.7 million tons. That's down almost 10% from the prior year and what we see from the Fertilizer Association of India is that phosphate production declined about 5% so far this year. So they are producing less internally and we forecast that imports will total somewhere around 2.6 million tons in this calendar year and that includes a small build up of pipeline stocks, but most recently we haven't seen them motivated to mix up the necessary purchases at this point that we think that they need to be doing. The government heavily, heavily subsidizes it and so this has now become a matter that's just not the local industry that is making decision since so much of this is paid for by the state government. The Indian governments involved as well as the commercial operations and so we see a shortfall in India's availability of the phosphate fertilizers.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Okay, no, thank you for that. And then also on the phosphate side, Jim or whoever, I guess I was wondering if you could comment on the sulfur situation which certainly seems to be gaping up here in a lot of world markets. So, broadly speaking, I mean do you anticipate any... is your supply situation secured I guess in terms of availability and then secondarily, what... what are some reasonable expectations for where pricing in Tampa might go over the next quarter or two. Thank you.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well it's been a remarkable turnaround from where we were last, I guess it was last spring where we are $50 range kind of sulfur, $55 range and now we are in the $70s and probably proceeding into the $80s. There is a series of turnarounds at refineries and gas plants, happened concurrently and they all took a little longer then they were first expected and some of them overlapped, so the market promptly tightened up in the sulfur markets. And we buy typically on a quarterly basis, one quarter ahead, we make our commitments. The plant started opening up, coming off turnaround and we had a easing of the supply and more was available until there is just one incident after the other. Pipelines were taken down, small refinery fires, things tightened up, we had a little weather in the Gulf and that slowed things down a bit. And so we went back and had more pressure on reduced supply and still strong demand. So, now we are sort of the high 70s, low 80s on sulfur pricing and we are getting what we need. If there's an issue, it's a logistics issue, getting the plant... the product delivered to our facilities. We have gone through the inventories at our granulation plants and now we are just running a tight line where we don't expect to have any plans come down. But we are, we'll get the product we need to produce the phosphate we have forecasted and meet the sales we have. So barring any shock in the Gulf, we think we're going to get through this one, at slightly higher prices.
David Silver - JP Morgan: That's great. If you could indulge me for one more question, Jim, this has to do with I guess some October 22 and the exploration of the lockup on Cargill's holdings of Mosaic stock. And to be fair I guess my views on this changed as your stock price is going up. But I guess, I was just wondering how you as the CEO of Mosaic view a potential overhang, of some portion of their substantial holding and what strategies or what interest Mosaic might have in kind of helping to manage or helping to kind of address the potential for any kind of overhang should Cargill want to sell some or all of that down.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay Dave. Well, even I'm going to maybe like the answer, but I'll try to give you the best insight I have into it. One, I know that the folks over at Cargill are pleased with this investment, and that's probably an under statement. Two, Cargill folks are positive about the agricultural dynamics going forward. Those two things I know for certain. What they plan to do come August 20... October 22nd, I really don't know. And I asked first this... first time I've been asked is what do I think about what they should do. I'll tell you, I'm comfortable in that this is Cargill's first major foray into the public markets. They are not going to do anything that's going to bring into question their trust and the confidence they have built in the financial and business markets. So I don't know what they are going to do. But I... whatever it is they may do, it will be very well thought through, it will be very responsible and I think in character to the strong reputation of how they do business.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Yu. Please proceed.
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Thank you. I have a question regarding the DAP realization guidance. You're calling for sequentially flat realizations and it looks like in North American anyway that that price is headed higher. Internationally, seeing quite strong, is it the reason behind the flat guidance essential reflecting, escalating pushing freight rates?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have... of course, as we do in all of our marketing programs, we are selling forward. And so much of the price that we'll realize in the second quarter has already been captured with transactions that have already been locked in. We are allowing for some movement up, and of course we are becoming more bullish about the second half outlook for pricing for the year. So we are painting a picture, where phosphate prices are likely to stay at these high levels if not increased over the course of the rest of this fiscal year. The second quarter will fall out, but it's going to be another very good quarter of phosphate pricing.
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Okay. And on freight, can you talk about how much you might have pre-committed or hedged going forward to protect yourself from... I mean if there is any additional increases coming through and when we see movements in the Panamax or Handysize index, what's the lag between that and then flowing through to your charter rates?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: All the comments about the forward freight bookings that's an easy answer, I will let Rick McLellan answer the one above expectations on forward freight on ocean freight pricing. We booked very little freight in advance on the... domestically, and we book a bit cautiously going forward on the ocean freight. Rick, you want to comment on what you foresee in the ocean freight markets?
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: It's frankly, I will stay away from commenting on the ocean freight markets, more talk about the process. So as we go forward to get, say a book of export business on, then we will look into the marketplace to build to match up to that forward sale rather than at least really record high markets taking out a significant long position.
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Okay. And just one last question with regard to future commitments in you debt, how far out are you booked from now on? I have been hearing just various anecdotal expectations or guesses. But are you booked pretty much good at the fourth... calendar fourth quarter now, and maybe some into the calendar first quarter next year?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are booking sales into the second quarter now, good volume for sales into the second quarter, and we are making sales as far forward as the fourth quarter... fiscal fourth quarter.
Brian Yu - Citigroup: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Ritz [ph]. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, Jim. I am not as expert as some of the guys they asked question, but I wanted to... you have the average price per metric ton for example of DAP for the quarter was 407 and potash was 106. Can you tell us what the world price is in your estimation right now and then... I've have a follow-up question.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: In the potash you said 106, I think it is 160.
Unidentified Analyst: 160, if I said 106, I missed on 160.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. There is couple of ways to measure it and Rick will give you the couple of alternatives on the pricing for potash.
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: Potash on the export side, if you wanted to look at, you can look at delivered markets, frankly the price in to Brazil if we look year-on-year, has gone from $185 towards the current price goes, it will be $355 delivered, so you have to back out freight and... back to our plant. But that will be up significantly from this number and our... and the phosphate number, spot phosphate shipments are at around $440 per metric ton.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, then the obvious follow-on question, you would expect your... I know you guys have pre-sold etcetera. But I'm just saying going forward you guys would expect to start matching the world price by... is there a quarter you would think that... you would --
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it is going to be a blend of domestic and international prices. So it's we are selling at those prices today.
Unidentified Analyst: At the moving target.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Now we have some sales on that we may have made a month or six weeks ago, that are some of the lower prices. But we'll, that will feather into our quarterly pricing as certainly in the third quarter and fourth fiscal quarters.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Segall with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Mike Segall - Deutsche Bank Securities: Yes, good morning. Question about capital expenditures, I don't know if you provided this for the first fiscal quarter but what was the amount?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The amount in the first fiscal quarter was about $82 million. And our guidance for the full year is in the $360 million to $400 million range.
Mike Segall - Deutsche Bank Securities: That was my second question. Do you have a break down as to where those fiscal year expenditures will go by division?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We can give you a rough view of that. The bulk of the capital expenditures are in the phosphate business. Talking about the full year breakdown now, the great majority is in the phosphates business with the potash just under $100 million, no, I am sorry... I'm looking at some data, bear with me for a second. Well, the great majority of its going to be in the phosphate business with an increasing amount coming in the potash business. Let me just leave it at that. I don't think we provided that break down historically by business segment. That's a rough characterization of it.
Mike Segall - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, I am relatively new to this, so I wasn't sure what you've done historically. I guess secondarily, with all the success you have had, assuming you continue to pay down debt and your competitors enjoy the same success, you see any dangers down the road of over building, over standing in this space?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, yes, sure. To do that without concern to the demand factors and other supplies coming on. That's something that we... we are continually on top of. Dr. Mike Rohm [ph], our in-house economist keeps the supply demand balance and it's a year ago, May of '06, we didn't see that the world markets required a kind of supply certainly in North America phosphates. So Mosaic had taken out 2 million tons of mining and granulation capacity because it wasn't in balance and we're not going to participate in creating an imbalance in the market.
Mike Segall - Deutsche Bank Securities: Now that's the right thing. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question is the follow up from Dave Silver. Please proceed.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Yes, hi. I've a couple of questions for Larry and I'll apologize if these are been asked before head, I'll step away. Larry, one question about the FX translation loss or translation effect going forward. Can you remind me kind of what a rough rule of thumb might be for maybe a one Canadian cent change in the value with the C dollar and how that might that translate to your non-cash translation loss?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we have roughly speaking $800 million to $900 million of non-monetary inter-company... largely inter-company assets held in Canada that give rise to this line on the income statement that I think you are referring to. And so a 5% change in the value of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar would be $40 million to $45 million, one way or the other.
David Silver - JP Morgan: And I apologize for asking such a basic question, but in the release you mentioned a C-dollar to U.S. dollar rate of 1.05 C dollars to the U.S. dollar, I think we are slightly above parity now. So, I think is that correct, I mean we are already kind of 5% toward in that direction.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. According to the second quarter, there has been a significant movement, so which would suggest should stay there, much bigger loss on that line in the second quarter.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Okay. Thanks a lot. And then just to clarify your comments on the tax rate. So we had a sub... we had a below 30% tax rate in the first quarter, and then you gave a full year guidance in the low 30s, I believe. Is the only change in your full guidance, Larry, with the main change just the tax... the net credits that you recognized in the first quarter or are there some additional factors that we need to think about kind of for the year? In other words, what caused the change in your full year kind of tax rate guidance?
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: There are additional favorable factors, Dave. And as we have said in the past, a lot of very positive things happened to our tax rate and our tax situation when the phosphate business becomes profitable. And of course the phosphate business and our U.S. business more specifically is becoming very, very profitable very, very quickly. And that's allowing us to reverse the valuation allowance that we've had in place versus the tax assets that have been on the books that has a positive balance sheet impact as well as a modest positive P&L impact. It allows us to fully utilize foreign tax credits, whereas we were only using them as deductions in the past that has a very favorable impact as well. So the improving and the dramatically improving profitability, the phosphate business has all kinds of spill-over effects including positive effects on the tax rate going forward.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Okay. And then in the prepared... sorry, in the text, I guess there is question about Esterhazy, but I guess it was remark that there were some additional water inflow control expenses this quarter versus I guess the prior quarter. Can you just kind of update us on what the inflow rate might be and what kind of expenditures, we could expect there? Thanks.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We would characterize the brine inflow into Esterhazy to be in the historic ranges that we have experienced pre this last event. We are managing to control it and further choke it off, and work is taking place underground now to water that is the limited water that is coming in, we are directing it, we are collecting it. We continue to pump it as well the voids that were created are being back filled. So remediation, any damage that have may have been done and further work to further reduce the flow is underway. We are at pumping capacity... increased pumping capacity that the peak rate can take out 12,000 gallons per minute, and we feel that that is... it's being well managed.
David Silver - JP Morgan: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sandy Klugman with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Sandy Klugman - Credit Suisse: Hi. That's some great results in the Offshore segment. I was wondering if you can provide us with the guidance going forward both on the gross profit line, how much high do you think you can push the gross margins, and also in terms of the equity contributions we can expect? Thanks.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: The guidance we do provide pertains to equity earnings, and our guidance has been to expect $50 million $75 million of equity earnings this year. We are seeing very strong results and expect to continue to see strong results from Fosfertil, we will see much strong results from Saskferco in the reminder of the year, and so I think if any thing we would be toward the high end of that guidance range and then perhaps an opportunity to do much somewhat better than that. For the Offshore segment, we had a very strong first quarter. Again, some of that was due to inventory gains. That is we pre-positioned inventory at the end of last fiscal year at much lower cost, sold it at prices close to prevailing market prices in the first quarter and capture that inventory benefit and of course that won't continue to the same extent through the rest of the year. We are also in the seasonally strongest part of the offshore business. So my caution would not be to simply annualize the first quarter offshore number. That said, we are very pleased with the results we are seeing in offshore. We have got continuing momentum in the second quarter and it's going to be a very good year for our Offshore segment, both in terms of operating earnings and in terms of equity earnings.
Sandy Klugman - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Byrne with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Steve Byrne - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Can you comment on phosphates feed pricing trends in your outlook there and also comment on your non-ag potash pricing? When do those industrial contracts expire that are lagging the market?
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: It... I'll answer that one... when we look at our feed pricing, we just completed a... for the domestic market of $35 a ton price increase effective October 1st and that's in play for all shipments that are happening going forward. In our non-industrial segments or non-ag segment, we've one contract that is coming up for renewal in December and we are very close to finalizing those negotiations.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: And that will take, it's a fairly substantial contract that will take it to current market pricing?
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: Yes, yes.
Steve Byrne - Merrill Lynch: And then one last your... it appears that your Chinese phosphate joint venture just hasn't improved in profitability like Fosfertil has. Is that true and what do you see going forward in the Chinese DAP market?
Richard "Rick" N. McLellan - Senior Vice President, Commercial: I think the... what you see there is the reflection that most of that production goes into the domestic Chinese market which is a discount to world markets.
Steve Byrne - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Don Carson with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Just a follow up on Potash, couple of questions. I saw that our analysis shows it did have a rise in cost, just wondering was there an increase in water inflow cost? Was that just do more to turnaround, so you could talk about trends there? And then Jim looking further road, any additional clarity as to when potash corps share of reserves at Esterhazy will be mined out? And that your production will hence be able to increase?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: We had... well first of the... Don, to first to the question about cost increases. We had a turnaround at our Colonsay potash plant and that was down for a while, so some of the cost absorption issues resulted in a higher per unit cost. But we are pleased with where we are tracking on our potash costing overall.
Lawrence W. Stranghoener - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And Jim I would just add water management cost for just over $ 10 million in the quarter which would have been up significantly versus last year, Don.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: But how about sequentially?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sequentially water management expenses were probably about flat. I don't have the number at my finger tips, Don, but probably flat to down slightly from the fourth quarter
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: And your question about the other tonnage that we are toll producing for other manufacturer, some of our potash. That is currently being discussed and negotiated as we speak. They've admitted that I think their public statements sort of it's around 2013. It could be sooner than that, what we have to do is calculate their remaining reserves of potash that was agreed to in the initial contract as fairly... there is fair bit of calculation, estimation that's required there and the two companies are working together to come to a conclusion on precisely when that would be.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: And you mentioned that you're accelerating some potash capital expenditures, given the strength in potash markets, are you bringing forward the Belle Plaine, and Colonsay plant expansions?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we've not announced that we're going to do that.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then final potash question, very often when we see this kind price strength in the markets when you mention Brazil going from 185 to 355, there is often a lot of buying in inventory accumulation by end users. Can you comment on what you think the inventory position of some of your key end users in potash are particularly in China and maybe give some parameters around what price increase you might expect there on the 2008 contract?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, China particularly is always hard to get the, get the data on and, and if you do you are not sure if it's accurate. We are not, we don't believe that there's substantive pipeline building in China, nor in Brazil. We've seen world stocks of fertilizer come down, potash included over this past year as farm demand has been so strong. So we are not, we are not seeing... we could be surprised. But we are not seeing anything surprising in that regard and most importantly our North American stocks are lower than they were last year and there is a good bit of pent up demand in North America. So even if there is and I don't know if there will be or... and I don't think there should be a delay in the China purchase of potash. We have got customers that are more than willing to take what we would normally produce and ship to China.
Donald Carson - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Excuse me [ph].
Douglas Hoadley - Vice President of Investor Relations: We will take one more call.
Operator: Okay. Your final question comes from the line of Marshall Reid with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
Marshall Reid - Banc of America Securities: Thanks for taking my question. You mentioned pent up demand in potash, but on phosphate we read about regional shortages last spring, can you just talk about phosphate nutrient levels in the soil in the U.S. heading into the spring and do you think we can see an increase in application rates that maybe more than offset any decline in corn acreage?
James T. Prokopanko - President and Chief Executive Officer: The...we are... I am somewhat, I wouldn't say indifferent. I always like to see corn being planted versus beans. But in potash and phosphate the difference between phosphate potash application rates to corn and beans isn't as big as the case with nitrogen. So I think total nutrients... all nutrients is something like 4 or 5 pounds breakers or call it maybe 8 to 10 pounds of fertilizer DAP, MAP, potash fertilizer per acre is all the difference is. So we are not going to see the swings where you can have a 100 pound difference on soybeans versus corn. You just don't see those kind of swings on potash, on potash and phosphate on corn versus beans. So frankly, not a real big deal there in, so that's just really not on our radar. Did that help?
Marshall Reid - Banc of America Securities: It does. Thanks.
Douglas Hoadley - Vice President of Investor Relations: All right, thank you very much for taking the time with us and that's the end of the Mosaic conference call for first quarter.
Operator: That concludes the presentation. You may all now disconnect. Good day.
