===== 2025 Q1  (2025-02-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. My name is Kelvin and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Dan Hopgood, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, February 20, to report Nordson's fiscal 2025 first quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 30 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Thursday, February 27, 2025. During this conference call, we will make references to non-GAAP financial metrics. We provided a reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to materially differ. I also want to take a moment to highlight that effective November 1, 2024, which is the beginning of our fiscal year, the Measurement & Control Solutions division formally reported as part of the Industrial Precision Solutions segment has been realigned to the Advanced Technology Solutions segment based on a reassessment of our portfolio. Our segment reporting reflects this change and prior year financial information has been revised to be comparable. Please refer to the appendix in our earnings press release for comparative segment data by quarter for fiscal 2024. Now moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss first quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Dan to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Dan will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high-level commentary about our enterprise performance and provide an update on the fiscal 2025 second quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2025 First Quarter Conference Call. We're starting the year with the sales of $615 million, which is at the low end of our guidance range due to soft demand in key end markets particularly electronics and industrial and foreign exchange headwinds that were slightly worse than expectations. This more than offset the solid performance of our Atrion acquisition as well as organic growth within our consumer non-durable product lines. Positively, order entry rates accelerated throughout the quarter, growing double digits above the prior year order entry run rate. You can see this growth in our backlog, which increased sequentially from fiscal year-end by approximately $85 million, ending at approximately $670 million as we exit the first quarter. The improvement in order entry rates and backlog is particularly encouraging to see in our electronics businesses. Our continued focus on top customers and products, coupled with leveraging NBS Next to drive factory efficiencies and manage costs led to another strong quarter of operational performance. The team delivered 56% gross margin, 26% operating profit margin, 31% EBITDA margin and converted free cash flow at nearly 150% of net income. We achieved adjusted earnings per share of $2.06, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance despite weaker sales. As the growth compounder, we remain steadfast with our balanced capital deployment strategy, repurchasing approximately $60 million in shares during the quarter. In addition, we paid $45 million in dividends and decreased our net leverage ratio to 2.4x exceeding the first quarter comfortably within our targeted range. Our consistently strong operating performance quarter-over-quarter positions us well to capitalize profitably on growth as demand improves throughout fiscal 2025. I'll speak more about the enterprise performance in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Dan to provide detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Daniel Hopgood: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide #5, you'll see a summary of our overall operating company results. First quarter 2025 sales were $615 million, down 3% from the prior year first quarter sales of $633 million. This was driven by an 8% increase from the Atrion acquisition, offset by an overall organic sales decrease of 9% and unfavorable currency translation of about 2%. Demand was choppy to start the year, and we experienced headwinds in several end markets as we exited the calendar year, particularly in selected systems and medical businesses. Coupled with a 2% FX headwind, this drove sales at the bottom end of our guidance range. As Naga mentioned, we were encouraged to see order entry rates accelerate throughout the quarter, which is reflected in our backlog growth since the start of the quarter. In addition, organic growth in packaging, nonwovens, optical sensors and measurement and controls businesses helped soften the revenue decline. Gross profit remained strong in the first quarter at 56% of sales and EBITDA adjusted for special items in both periods totaled $188 million or 31% of sales. While overall EBITDA was down 4% from the prior year, driven by lower sales volume, EBITDA margins were flat year-over-year, inclusive of the newly acquired Atrion business. Looking at nonoperating expenses. Net interest expense was $26 million, an increase of $5 million versus the prior year driven by higher debt levels tied to the Atrion acquisition. This was partially offset by a $2 million improvement in other income and expense, primarily reflecting foreign exchange transactional variations compared to the prior year. Tax expense for the quarter was $22 million or an effective tax rate of 19%. This is in line with our guidance range for fiscal year 2025 and 200 basis points lower than the prior year. Net income in the quarter totaled $95 million or $1.65 per share. Excluding $10 million of nonrecurring costs related to the Atrion acquisition and selected restructuring actions as well as $19 million in amortization of acquisition-related intangibles, adjusted earnings per share totaled $2.06 per share, slightly above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance, but a 7% decrease from the prior year adjusted earnings per share of $2.21. The decrease in year-over-year earnings reflects the impact of lower organic sales volume and higher acquisition-related interest expense I referenced just a moment ago. Now let's turn to Slide 6 through 8 to review the first quarter 2025 segment performance. Starting with Industrial Precision Solutions. They had sales of $300 million, a decrease of 11% compared to the prior year first quarter, down 8% organically and 3% due to unfavorable currency impacts. Weaker system sales in our industrial coatings and polymer processing product lines were partially offset by growth in packaging and nonwovens product lines. Both our industrial coatings and polymer product lines are coming off a strong system delivery years in 2024. And you may also recall that we're in the midst of transitioning selected industrial coating manufacturing to our new South Carolina plant, which should be substantially completed in the second fiscal quarter. EBITDA for the segment was $113 million in the quarter or 38% of sales. This is a decrease of 10% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $126 million, driven by lower sales volumes in the quarter. EBITDA margin improved 1% despite lower sales year-over-year due to a higher mix of parts and consumables versus the prior year. Turning to Slide 7. You'll see Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $194 million, increased 21% compared to the prior year's first quarter. Growth was driven by the acquired Atrion business, which delivered $53 million in revenue during the quarter. This was offset by double-digit declines in our medical interventional product lines where destocking trends continue to impact demand and we completed some strategic program rationalization to reposition the business for profitable growth. It's important to note that these destocking trends began in our second quarter of fiscal 2024, impacting the year-over-year decline on a comparative basis. We expect our interventional product lines to return to sequential growth heading into the second quarter of this year. EBITDA for Medical and Fluid Solutions was $64 million or 33% of sales, which was an 8% increase from prior year EBITDA of $60 million. The increase was driven by higher sales from the Atrion acquisition. EBITDA margins were down 400 basis points, reflecting the lower contribution from Atrion. But as a reminder, we expect our EBITDA margins to improve sequentially for the Atrion business as we continue to integrate and implement NBS Next to improve manufacturing efficiencies and overall profitability. Importantly, Atrion's first quarter performance was actually well ahead of our initial targets for this business. Turning to Slide 8. You'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $121 million, an 11% decrease compared to the prior year first quarter. The decrease included a 10% organic volume decline as well as an unfavorable currency translation of 1%. The decrease in sales was driven by double-digit declines in electronics processing and x-ray product lines, partially offset by growth in our optical sensors and measurement and control businesses. Despite weaker Q1 performance, we continue to see improvement in order intake as the semiconductor and electronic applications we serve continue to show signs of improvement. Orders were up double digits in the quarter versus the prior year, and backlog grew double digits sequentially from the end of the year for this segment. In short, we continue to see encouraging signs in ATS for the balance of 2025 despite a slow start to the year. First quarter EBITDA was $23 million for the segment or 19% of sales, in line with the prior year first quarter EBITDA of $23 million or 17% of sales. The improvement in EBITDA margin was driven by continued emphasis on cost management and improved manufacturing efficiencies. The margin enhancements we've implemented position the ATS segment well as demand continues to improve. Finally, let's turn to the balance sheet and cash flows on Slide 9. At the end of the first quarter, we had cash on hand of $130 million, and net debt was $2.1 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of 2.4x based on trailing 12-months EBITDA. This is a slight improvement from year-end and within our long-term target leverage range of 2 to 2.5x. Our free cash flow generation continues to be a compounding strength at $138 million during the quarter, resulting in a 146% conversion rate on net income. And we continue to strategically deploy the strong cash flow. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately $60 million in shares in addition to our quarterly dividend of $45 million, which, as a reminder, we increased by 15% at the end of last year. We also reduced net debt by $20 million during the quarter, while continuing to invest in our base businesses, spending $21 million on capital investments during the quarter. All in all, we had a solid operational quarter despite a slower sales start, and we're well positioned to capitalize on profitable growth as demand normalizes in selected key end markets. With that, let's turn to Slide 10, and I'll turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Dan. I also want to thank the Nordson team for delivering strong operating performance in a challenging demand environment. While first quarter was a slow start to the year from a revenue perspective, I'm encouraged by our ability to deliver best-in-class profitability in varying market scenarios while remaining invested in our best growth opportunities. Among our bright spots is the ongoing integration of the Atrion acquisition. During the quarter, I had the opportunity to visit our 3 new Atrion manufacturing sites. I'm excited about the strong product portfolio that we acquired as well as the energetic colleagues for quickly embracing and starting to deploy the NBS Next growth framework. We're also seeing growing acceptance of Atrion's newest-generation Myocardial Protection System, which is used during open heart procedures. Positive market acceptance is accelerating sales for this product, including an attractive opportunity to recapitalize its installed base. Also during the quarter, several of our product lines were celebrated with notable industry achievements. Nordson's SpinSAM Acoustic Inspection system won three awards for its industry-leading wafer inspection throughput and best-in-class image quality, defect capture and footprint. Our QuadraPro manual X-ray System received the Productronica Innovation Award for its exceptional image clarity and defect detection capabilities within back-end semiconductor and SMT applications. And our precision agriculture division's new Orion Pro product was recognized for technical innovation at the EIMA 2024 International Agriculture Machinery Exhibition. The Orion Pro is an integrated system for regulating and measuring the actual amount of product sprayed by liquid fertilizer distribution systems. Two notable electronics customers also recognized our market leader collaboration. In December, we received supplier awards, both from TSMC and Jabil, recognizing our product performance and support of critical underfill applications as well as our dedicated responsive and talented local Nordson teams. We remain committed to product innovation, tracking strong vitality metrics in our packaging assembly and nonwovens product lines. This is reflected in the strong performance of those product lines in the quarter. We also have new products currently being launched in our medical fluid components and polymer processing product lines. In all cases, these new products are designed to solve the unique needs of our customers. Regardless of dynamic environment, Nordson remains steadfast in our commitment to innovation through differentiated products, our customer intimate sales model and protecting the diversified niche end markets we operate. These competitive advantages secure our position as a high-quality growth compounder even in challenging macro environments. Our division-led organization provides our teams with a clear view of our end markets, and they know where we need to focus and where we're doing well. We will continue to manage costs in weaker sales environment while balancing investments that support the increasing order entry trends that we experienced throughout the quarter. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 11. We are entering the second quarter of fiscal 2025 with approximately $670 million in backlog and order entry that continued to improve throughout the quarter across all 3 segments. Based on these factors, as well as current foreign exchange rates and end market expectations, we anticipate delivering second quarter sales in the range of $650 million to $690 million and adjusted earnings in the range of $2.30 to $2.50 per diluted share. At this point in time, we're not updating our full year guidance range, although we would now expect our sales for the year to be on the lower end of our full year expectations given the slower start to the year and brought geopolitical macro environment dynamics. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple of questions. Help me understand a little bit more about what played out in your electronics-related business in the quarter? I guess I was under the impression that you had seen order inflection supporting a returned and sustained sort of pathway to organic growth in that business. So help me understand kind of how the quarter played out and then how incoming orders inform the go-forward view on semi/electronics? And then I have a follow-up.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Matt. The miss of our ATS business really was largely timing of orders, particularly in our x-ray and electronic processing product lines. In short, we expect that more of our backlog to ship in the quarter -- at the beginning of the quarter is what happened. But that said, order entry throughout the quarter progressed very positively, and we expect that sales or shipments of ATS to continue to be strong through the year. And in this segment, order entry is up double digit, backlog is up double digit, probably the strongest we have seen in this part of cycle.
Matt Summerville: And then as a follow-up, just getting over to the interventional side of your medical-related business, [indiscernible] anniversary that destock, you mentioned you expect to see quarter-on-quarter growth. When do we start to see year-on-year growth more aligned to the long-term trajectory you lay out for that business?
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. I think the inflection of that as we said, the destocking really started in earnest in the second quarter of last year. And so from a year-over-year comp, I think we'll continue to see tough comps through the first half of the year, and then we would see that inflection point starting in really Q3 and heading into Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Daniel Hopgood: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: In the ATS segment, if you were to exclude that, the movement of that Measurement & Control Solutions, what would organic growth have been? And then what's the rationale behind moving that out of IPS and into ATS?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Let me take that question first. Look, there is a significant overlap in customers for MCS with the IPS customers. But if you look at it from a product perspective and the technology perspective, it is more a test and measurement kind of division. And so it belongs better with our further analysis, we have decided to have that in the ATS business. And you have -- you can -- you answer the part of that without and with.
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. And if you -- it's not -- to be honest, it's not a huge impact. Certainly, organically, they were a positive contributor to the segment. But when you look at the materiality of the MCS business versus the total segment, it's not a big needle mover on the overall growth or organic impact to your year-on-year. Certainly, MCS grew year-over-year and it mitigated a little bit of the decline that we saw in some of the electronics processing and x-ray that we mentioned, but it's not a big needle mover either so I would say.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Yes. And a slower start to the year than you expected and you're trending towards the low end of that guidance range for the top line for the full year. Are there things you're working on to still achieve at least the midpoint of EPS, whether it's further restructuring or some sort of margin enhancement?
Daniel Hopgood: Yes, it's a great question. Let me take that one. And look, I would say, as we think about the full year and the reason we're not changing our guidance range is, it's frankly a little soon to call exactly how the year is going to play out. We're in a very dynamic environment depending on the headlines you read changing day-to-day. What I would say is, just based on the soft start to the year, we see our sales toward the lower end of our range. But as we've demonstrated in Q1, we're still quite confident that we can deliver on our earnings commitments even with sales towards the lower end of that range. So for those reasons, we're not going to tighten things up. I think as we get into -- as we finish out the second quarter and we reassessed where our backlogs and order rates, which, as Naga mentioned, have been quite strong, we'll reassess what that looks like for the full year and tighten things up. What I would say is we're comfortable in our sales range and pretty comfortable with our earnings commitments despite the slow start to the sales year, and that's really demonstrated in our first quarter profit delivery.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me maybe add to that. If you think -- if you zoom up and say, look, let me look at it broadly and think about the market and where the company is at and what we're thinking about for the full year. I would tell you on the positive side, order entry is up in all three segments, backlog building in all three segments, ATS being a significant contributor to the backlog increases. Operational performance is strong in a weak environment like Dan mentioned, we had a very strong operating income performance, very well positioned to grow. Third thing I would tell you is our innovations in many of our businesses are starting to deliver on growth. If you think about our adhesive business, our Harmony applicator that is in the market is contributing nicely to our growth. If you think about SpinSAM and new emission, it is not contributing to growth yet, but it positions us really well to continue to grow. If you look in the medical side in our fluid components business, a new product line called PharmaLok starting to launch. So innovation, operational performance, order entry, all 3 positives for the outlook that we're thinking about. Clearly, one negative is this environment we live in. If you don't -- if you ignore the environment and we look at our order entry and backlog, you'd be very confident. And -- but one negative is there is a broader choppiness in geopolitical as well as macroeconomic environment. So hopefully, that helps you.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond: Great, good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Jeffrey Hammond: So just real quick on the guide. It sounds like you think right now, lower end of the sales guide, but you're still kind of closer to the midpoint. One, is that correct? And two, what are kind of the drivers that are kind of offsetting the weaker sales?
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. So I appreciate the question, Mike. And I think that's the right way to think about it. And I would say the best indicator is look at our performance for the first quarter. We were at the very low end of our sales guidance and still delivered the midpoint or slightly above the midpoint of our earnings guidance. That's not a fluke. We think that's replicatable in the balance of the year. Again, the sales outlook, I think it's too soon to call. Typically, I'll remind you guys, we typically see a much stronger second half in general. If you look at our history across the company in a market where we see accelerating orders, that trend could be even exacerbated. And so it's a bit of a wait and see and continue to monitor how demand continues to play out for the year. Indicators today are very good. If that continues, we'll see how the second half plays out. But what I would say in general is even if we don't see any continued acceleration, we're comfortable with our sales on the lower end that we can still deliver on our profit commitments by simply managing our operations and our cost structure to ensure that we can deliver on those commitments.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Maybe add a little bit color to it, if you take segment by segment, right? So if you think about ATS, we've got this business positioned from a cost perspective through the last down cycle. And if you look at the decremental performance of this segment in the first quarter, it is very strong. I mean they had a tough organic revenue growth, but they're decremental -- they were pretty much flat in terms of dollar income they generated when compared to last year, right? So from an ATS perspective a nice performance. And if you think about decrementals for IPS, again, a very strong performance. This is a solid business. This is a business where we have implemented NBS Next and has delivered great. So if you think about those two, we're in very good shape. And if you look at MFS, if you look at MFS, with the Atrion together, there is a mix issue, and you could think that our operating performance -- our operating margin performance was not that good. But I would remind you that you have Atrion, which is at a lower margin when compared to our core MFS businesses. And if you account for that, our core MFS business is, again, had strong decremental performance. So that is the confidence we have as we think about it. And in businesses where we have weaker sales, we are taking action to reduce cost. It is not broad-based. It's not across all of our businesses, but in places where our sales is weak, we are adjusting costs. So that's maybe adding a little bit more color to what Dan is telling you that what our expectations are.
Jeffrey Hammond: No, that's very helpful. I wanted to follow up on that medical margin dynamic. Can you give us a sense of how much of the margin dilution was just Atrion coming in and what the decrementals were on the base? Because -- and then how it looks from a dilution perspective as we go forward? And then just on the medical destocking, I mean, I understand that the comps get easier, but just any update on kind of where we're at in that process? Is it still the view that, that carries through the first half and then abates?
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. So a simple way to think of it, I would say our core medical business were basically in line with what we would expect year-end. The majority of the overall -- I'm speaking to EBITDA margins, majority overall EBITDA is tied to -- the growth in MFS came from Atrion, which is a lower EBITDA margin from our base business. I would say, to Naga's point, our decrementals in our base business are right in line with what we expect. And Atrion on top of that, adding $53 million, let's say, mid-20s EBITDA. That's the majority of the dilution that margin year-over-year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me -- I'm not sure -- at least the line was cutting out a little bit. Let me make sure we -- I repeat what some of what Dan mentioned here. Let's start with our core MFS business. Clearly, our core MFS business EBITDA margins are better than Atrion. Atrion margins are sort of in the mid-20s, and we certainly have a very good line of sight for that business to continue to improve and get to our valuation model expectations around high-20s to low-30s, right? So that is -- that pathway is there. So long term, Atrion continues to improve and continues to add to MFS, right? In terms of MFS core decremental, the core decrementals were in line with what we have for the company. So there is -- for us, the MFS performance was mainly due to mix issues with Atrion contributing while core business is organically being down.
Jeffrey Hammond: And then just the destocking.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. From the destocking perspective, if you remember, destocking started some time last year, there are two things going on here, and this is probably something that we have not talked about. You have -- we were organically down 11% in MFS and half of that is from destocking, but half of it is also, for the first time, you're seeing a reset in our strategic repositioning of some programs that we have in our finished devices. And so that restocking is -- that repositioning of programs is substantially complete. And so you will start to see from second quarter a sequential growth in that and destocking should abate sometime in third to fourth quarter. And we are starting to see order rates. So I think what is important to know is that order rates in our medical interventional component business are picking up. Our order rates in our medical fluid components have been very strong. So this is the business that had undergone a lot of destocking from a biopharma and surgical perspective, that is coming back very nicely. And we're beginning to see sequential improvement on MIS.
Daniel Hopgood: Yes, I think that's an important point, Naga. Our medical business is contributing to both the order growth and the backlog growth. As I said, all three of our segments are -- and so we're -- we see very good line of sight to sequential improvement. The year-over-year comp will be tough until the second half.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran, Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Michael Halloran: Not to overly harp on the guide. I just want to make sure I understand what's embedded on the revenue side of things. Obviously, the first quarter, as you said, was a little lower expectations, FX a little worse. Is that a majority of the move for the revenue to be at the low end? And maybe I suppose, what is the assumption then for end market recovery curves, normal seasonality, backlog conversion that's embedded in that lower assumption? Is it pretty normal sequentials from here, pretty normal backlog outlay? Any kind of color around those things would be super helpful.
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. So I'll start with a couple of things. As you look at our backlog, I can't say 100% because there's some one-offs in there, but the vast majority of our backlog will ship in 2025. These aren't -- we're not taking multiyear orders. We're not -- this isn't a replay of COVID where we're taking three orders three years out. This is -- these are current year deliveries. And so I think as you look at ongoing book-to-bill and/or backlog, I think that's the way to think about it is that these are normal recurring orders that we're taking and not any type of long-term preorders like we've had coming out of COVID in some of our businesses. As I think about the full-year, again, if you just play out the first quarter miss or the first quarter shortfall of sales. I mean that's naturally if you flow that through for the year, going to put us towards the lower end of our sales guidance, we are expecting some level of recovery in the second half. That is supported by, number one, I would say, our normal cyclical -- cyclicality of the business. We typically have a stronger second half to begin with, but it's also supported by the acceleration that we're seeing in order intake throughout the first quarter, and frankly, even into the early days of the second quarter. And so I think if you think about that outlook, I'll maybe talk about what underlies our revenue assumptions for the year. If you think of the low end of our guidance, that basically says we're going to see low single-digit growth for the year in ATS. We're going to see basically flattish to slightly down sales within our IPS and our medical business, and then we're going to see the contribution come through from the Atrion acquisition. If you think of the higher end of our guidance, that anticipates, I would say, a more accelerated -- more historical recovery in our ATS segment which we're not banking on. So let's call that a bigger ramp in ATS as well as recovery in some of the capital investment cycles in industrial and a bigger rebound from the destocking in medical. So we're not counting on these significant recoveries. That doesn't mean it couldn't happen. And so as we look at it today, we're simply following it based on what we see today. And that would say the first quarter miss is going to kind of flow through. But the rest of the year seems to be playing out in line.
Michael Halloran: All right. Super helpful there. And then just kind of a question on once that recovery happens in these markets? I know earlier Naga was talking about the positive decremental margin performance, particularly in the ATS side? And I suppose as well on the MFS side. What does the torque look like to the upside? Obviously, the IPS are already really healthy levels, I know aided by mix, but still really strong levels. What kind of torque would you expect to see in those margins or incremental margins as the volume recovers and normalizes to a more historically normal pattern?
Daniel Hopgood: So let me make sure I understand your question. You're asking from an incremental margin performance, what we would expect going forward. Is that the question?
Michael Halloran: Correct.
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. I think our -- my best guidance to that would be in line with what we've said historically, which is look, overall, we've said about a 35% incremental mix between acquisition and organic. And as you think about that, obviously, the organic growth comes with a higher incremental acquisition, as we talked about with Atrion's margin comes with a lower incremental. So I would think of that blended rate of 35% is still a good long-term planning target. Obviously, the organic above that, the inorganic below that, but the 35% mix is kind of a good blended range to use still.
Michael Halloran: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Daniel Hopgood: Yes.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for taking the questions. So maybe building on the last question, as we think specifically on ATS, that business has seen margins decrease substantially over the last few years. So how should we think about incrementals in this segment once demand inflects? And what would it take to get back to that 23% plus margins you saw in 2022? Or is that sort of a one-time event? Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. In general, we expect that as the sales recovers, we get back to where the margins are we were in 2022. There may be some upside, but it is. Remember, this is a business where our R&D investments are critical to our growth. And so you're always going to see this business have higher R&D investments. But as the sales recover, I have every confidence that we get back to the margins we were at in 2022.
Saree Boroditsky: That's helpful. And maybe just on the weaker growth in IPS. How much of this is related to underlying demand versus the challenging comparables that you had from the strong incoming backlog from last year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the IPS -- let me -- I'll give you a broader view and then Dan can help you with a little bit more detail. On IPS, the biggest comparable issues are in our system businesses. Our two large system businesses of PPS and ICS, but we had shipments from prior huge backlogs. But if you think about our consumer non-durable business, our adhesive business, they are growing nicely in line with our expectations already.
Daniel Hopgood: Yes. And I think maybe just to add some additional color on the industrial coatings and polymer businesses. To your point, if you go back to last year, large backlogs -- large multiyear backlogs that we were working on, that has normalized. And so from a year-over-year comparability standpoint, that does create some tough comps this year. But importantly, when we talk about orders strengthening and backlog growth, we are seeing it in those businesses as well. And so we see a clear path to that starting to rebuild and inflect. And I think you'll see that play out in the form of sequential growth in those businesses going forward, but we'll have this year-over-year comparability to work through because of the large system backlog that we had coming out of the last couple of years.
Saree Boroditsky: Appreciate the color.
Sundaram Nagarajan: One -- sorry, Saree. One additional point to make here is we're also beginning to see modest sequential improvement in our ARAG business. And I know the general ARAG agriculture market is still down, but we are beginning to see some modest improvement in order entry and backlog in that business.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert of Loop Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning guys.
Daniel Hopgood: Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Chris Dankert: Maybe just a conceptual question. I guess if we go back to the medical segment, Atrion has been doing really well on an organic basis. Is there anything to learn from Atrion's operations in terms of -- they didn't seem to get destocked the same way that legacy interventional did. I mean, is there a difference in customer set? Is there a difference in how they stock? Maybe just conceptually, what's -- how do we think about that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. I think it's a great question, Chris. In terms -- there are two things going on, which you need to recognize. Atrion serves the fluid components and Atrion has two parts to it. One is the consumable component part, another is the system part. So in their system, this is the Myocardial Protection System that they're launching, their new generation product, which is the third generation and that market acceptance, as I mentioned in my comments, is going really well. So you have the benefit of a new product launch and a recap of existing business -- existing systems, which is different and has got no resemblance to our MIS business, right, our medical interventional business. That's one. On the component side of the business, which is their Halkey Roberts business, in that business, they went through destocking long before we started seeing it in our medical interventional business. So there is a timing difference there. And then the third thing I would tell you is our fluid component business resembles more the Atrion component business than our medical interventional business, right? So there are different products, different end markets. We are seeing the same patterns we are seeing in Halkey Roberts -- in Atrion's component business as we are seeing in our medical fluid component business, right? Hopefully, that helps you.
Chris Dankert: That's extremely helpful. Thank you, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure.
Chris Dankert: And then maybe just to circle back, I mean, back in October -- and I could be interpreting this wrong, but you sounded fairly optimistic about just the deals that were out there from an acquisition perspective, what was kind of coming across your desk. I guess, would you echo that same level of optimism today?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. We continue to be active. We continue to look at deals. But we're going to be pretty strategically and financially disciplined. And so we continue to work the pipeline. Our pipeline continues to build. Number of inbound may be lesser, but we still have a pretty good pipeline. So what you read in the papers around inbound is lesser, but the activity level continues to be pretty good for us. But we're going to be thoughtful in what we choose to do.
Chris Dankert: Make sense. Thanks for the color.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi, good morning guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Daniel Hopgood: Good morning.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask -- go back to the 2025 guidance and sales questions again. And just -- I think, Dan, when you were going through, you gave some good kind of delineation around the segments. And so just to repeat it back, so if I heard him right, you're thinking that MFS could be mid- to high end of the revenue guide, ATS at the low end and IPS at the low end? Is it -- is that kind of what you guys are thinking on a segment basis?
Daniel Hopgood: No. So what I was referring to is if you think of the upper and lower bounds of our guidance, what I would say is if you think of the lower end of our guide, that would say our IPS or the industrial businesses are down low single-digits for the year, and MFS is down low single digits or near flat year-over-year, excluding Atrion, right, set aside Atrion. And then the low end of our guidance would contemplate what I would say, a very modest recovery in ATS. So think of those ATS being up low single-digits. That's kind of our -- that's our low-end thinking, right? Converse that with the upper end of our guidance would be a more traditional ramp in ATS of higher growth, again, which we're not counting on, but happened. And it would also contemplate a faster recovery from some of the destocking that we're seeing in the medical business. So I think low single-digit growth in medical as well as the general recovery in the industrial markets. And so I would say the upper end is more stronger recovery in ATS, low single-digit growth in other -- in medical and industrial versus the low end of our guidance would say there's very little recovery in medical, very little recovery in industrial and just modest recovery in ATS, if that helps with some color.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Yes, I appreciate that. That's very helpful. And just kind of drilling into the Industrial Precision part of it a little bit. The -- happy to hear that ARAG that there's a potential plus there. I wonder if you could go into maybe a little bit more detail about is it a new product? Is it Europe? Is it rest of world where you're seeing some green shoots? And then maybe talk about some of those other sectors beyond polymers and coatings, like Naga, I know you know the auto sector very well, what's going on there, what's happening with others. Thanks.
Daniel Hopgood: So great question. Maybe I'll start and let Naga add some comments. I'll start with you responding maybe to the ARAG question. So as Naga mentioned, so, A, on the product side, we are continuing to evolve and bring new products to market. In fact, I think we mentioned one that we received some awards for recently. More generally, as far as demand in that business, we've certainly seen that business stabilize. We're seeing good, what I'll say, ongoing recovery in order rates. We would expect that business to return to year-over-year growth in the second quarter as they're continuing to show strength in order rates. I will tell you, really Q1, I think we've mentioned this before, Q1 is really the last tough comparison for them. If you recall, last year at this time or in the first quarter, they were working off a large backlog. And so that first quarter last year was kind of the last tough comp for them. We've seen that business stabilize, I would say, even going back to Q4, we're now starting to move back into this growth mode as the -- we're past the year-over-year comparisons or tough comparisons. So good stability, good ongoing demand improvement and a good path to returning to growth in that business in the next quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So let me follow-up with that. One other additional data point on ARAG is that during last year, this business performed really well on the margin side as well. And partly, that was because they took care -- they used the short workweek program that is available in Italy for industrial businesses. Now what is interesting is that in the first quarter, given their order dynamics, they have brought back their workforce completely. So essentially getting ready and being able to make products so that they can start to -- start to make -- meet the commitments they've made with their customers. So that is kind of another data point that gives us confidence that our ARAG business will start to turn -- return to growth. So now let's take the broader industrial businesses, and we've already talked about our plastic business, we've talked about our ICS business. Interestingly, even in both those businesses, we have two new product introductions. On the ICS side, we have a new manual powder coating product that has been launched, which is doing really well. And you also have a Prodigi die that is in the plastics business that is getting very good market acceptance. So we have some new products, but it's very difficult to overcome the system declines that they have. But interesting comments to sort of share with you. In terms of our other adhesive businesses, our nonwovens business is doing extremely well. We have new products there. We have a Harmony applicator that I mentioned that is doing very well adding to the work that they're doing on parts growth. That is also doing well. Their system business through product tiering as has been very successful for them. So that business, after a couple of years of down years, it is coming back nicely. Our packaging business, adhesive packaging business is holding its own, and they have some pretty exciting new products that they're working on that we expect towards the end of the year that we'll be in market with. So pretty good movement across our industrial businesses. One thing to note, and I'm not sure how it came across in our conversations, our parts mix in the adhesive businesses are pretty strong, and they've done well, and they have mitigated some of the system weaknesses. But having said all of that, the order entry is up in this segment. It is up in plastics. It is up in ICS and it's also up in our businesses that have grown in the quarter. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more data points.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Yes, thanks for that detail. Appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Naga for final closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-12-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Nordson Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone pad. If you would like to withdraw your question, again, press star one. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Laura Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communication. You may begin. Thank you.
Lara Mahoney: Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 12, 2024, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2024 fourth quarter and full year results. I am here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO, and Dan Hopgood, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for fourteen days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until December 19, 2024. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A complete reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric has been provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to slide two of our presentation where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda on slide three. Naga will discuss fourth quarter and full year highlights. He will then turn the call over to Dan to review sales and earnings per and the three business segments. Dan also will talk about the year-end balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will conclude with high-level commentary about our including an update on the Ascend strategy, as well as our fiscal 2025 full year and first quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to slide four and hand the call over to Naga. Good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2024 fourth quarter and full year conference call. In fiscal 2024, we continue to make progress on our Ascend strategy, delivering record sales of $2.7 billion and record EBITDA dollars of $849 million or 32% of sales. This is a testament to our employees who have, in the last four years, deployed and delivered results with NBSNext, our growth framework, despite dynamic global macro conditions, end market changes, supply chain disruptions, and more. The core elements of our business model have enabled us to deliver profitable growth throughout these challenges. This includes a steadfast focus on our customers, commitment to innovation, diversified geographic and end market exposures, and a high level of recurring revenue through aftermarket parts and consumables. Since launching the Ascent strategy in 2021, we've added new capabilities to our business model including the NDS Next growth framework and a division-led structure which have empowered our teams to respond rapidly to changing market conditions. I will speak more to the enterprise performance in a few moments. But I'll now turn the call over to Dan to provide more detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter and fiscal year 2024.
Daniel Hopgood: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. I'll start on slide five, which summarizes our overall results for the fourth quarter. You'll see fourth quarter 2024 sales were $744 million, up 4% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter sales of $719 million. The increase included 6% growth from acquisitions, primarily from the recent Atrium acquisition but also the final weeks of contribution from the AirAg acquisition we completed in the prior year. Currency translation was favorable by 1% and organic sales were down 3% compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. The organic sales decrease was driven by challenging year-over-year comparisons in our Industrial Precision Solutions segment and year-over-year declines in selected product categories within our Medical and Fluid Solutions segment. These were partially offset by a return to growth in our Advanced Technology Solutions segment, and I'll cover a bit more on each of our segments in a moment. Adjusted operating profit, which excludes $26 million in non-recurring costs related to the Atrion acquisition and one-time restructuring costs during the quarter, was $205 million, up 30 basis points from the prior year on a percentage of sales basis. This was driven by gross margin improvements of about 110 basis points reflecting factory efficiency gains, and a higher mix of parts revenue. Selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased about 80 basis points year over year, reflecting the addition of Atrion, and continued investment in front-end growth initiatives. All in, this represents a 35% incremental operating margin for the company, which is on the high end of our targeted performance. EBITDA for the fourth quarter increased 6% over the prior year to a record $241 million or 32% of sales. This is 200 basis points above our long-term profitability target as articulated in our Ascend strategy. This also compares to $227 million also at 32% of sales in the prior year fourth quarter. That translates into a 56% incremental EBITDA on our 4% overall sales growth for the quarter. A really strong quarter of both operational execution and the initial integration of the Atrion acquisition.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Looking at non-operating income and
Daniel Hopgood: expenses in the quarter, interest expense in the quarter increased nominally to $27 million. This modest increase is driven by higher net debt levels due to acquisitions compared to the prior year. As a reminder, in September, we accessed the public debt markets raising $600 million in five-year notes at 4.5% in order to finance the Atrion acquisition. The balance of the purchase price was funded with our revolver, which we expect to pay down in the near term. Other expense on a net basis increased $5 million year over year primarily due to currency fluctuations and some reduction in pension income year over year. Tax expense was $26 million for the quarter, an effective tax rate of 17%. Our fourth quarter tax rate reflects changes in our mix of earnings due to acquisitions and other structural changes. It reflects a full-year effective tax rate of 20%. This improved mix is expected to continue going forward and you'll see this reflected in our 2025 guidance that Naga will cover a bit later. GAAP net income totaled $122 million or $2.12 per diluted share, while adjusted earnings per share excluding nonrecurring acquisition and restructuring-related expenses totaled $2.78 per share, a 3% increase over the prior year. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.19 above the midpoint of our guidance for the quarter reflecting equal contributions from strong operating performance during the quarter and the favorable tax rate differential I just mentioned. Now let's turn to slides six through eight to review our fourth quarter segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $392 million decreased 3% compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Organically, IPS decreased 5% in the quarter, with the AirAg acquisition adding 1% and currency providing a favorable impact of another 1%. You'll recall that IPS delivered record sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, driven by record sales in industrial coatings product line, and elevated deliveries in our polymer processing products. These create tough year-over-year comparisons for the segment, and are driving the overall organic decline in the IPS segment for the quarter. For the full year, IPS organic sales were flat with the prior year. EBITDA for the quarter was $143 million or 37% of sales reflecting consistent operational performance on slightly lower sales. Turning to Slide seven, Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $200 million increased 19% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. This increase was primarily driven by the Atrion acquisition and a minor currency benefit offset by a decrease in organic sales volume of 3% or $5 million. The organic volume decline reflects some softness in medical interventional solutions product lines, partially offset by modest improvement in our fluid components and fluid dispense product lines. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $72 million or 36% of sales, which is an increase of 17% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $62 million or 37% of sales. EBITDA margins were slightly lower than the prior year due to the inclusion of the acquired Atrion business. You'll recall that we expect Atrion EBITDA margins to improve over time as we continue to integrate the business and implement our MBS Next growth framework. Turning to slide eight, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales of $152 million increased 5% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. This change included an increase in organic sales volume of 4%, as well as a small currency benefit. Growth in the quarter was driven by improvement in selected test and inspection product lines, as well as modest improvement within our electronics dispense product lines. Our sales in ATS reflect continued sequential improvement from the third quarter and a return to nominal year-over-year growth in this segment for the first time since the first quarter of fiscal 2023. We've seen electronics and semiconductor end markets continue to show signs of stable improvement. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $41 million or 27% of sales, an increase of $6 million from the prior year fourth quarter EBITDA of $35 million or 24% of sales. We're really pleased with the segment's EBITDA performance, particularly in a down cycle as the 27% EBITDA margin performance represents a significant step up from historical performance. It's a testament to the team's efforts to improve the structure of the base business. And it positions us well when the electronics markets return to more meaningful growth. Now turning to slide nine, I'll share a few comments on our full year results. 2024 full year sales were a record $2.7 billion, an increase of 2% compared to the prior year's previous record sales result. This was driven by a 5% impact from acquisitions, offset by an organic decrease of 3%. On a full-year basis, the organic sales decrease is essentially all driven by our Advanced Technology Solutions segment, although we did see orders and sales continue to improve in our ATS product line as we exited 2024. The Industrial Precision Solutions Medical and Fluid Solutions segment were essentially flat organically on a combined basis with industrial up slightly and medical down slightly for the year. Adjusted operating profit was $713 million or 27% of sales, which was comparable to the prior year. EBITDA for the full year increased 4% to a record $849 million or 32% of sales. This represents a full-year incremental EBITDA margin of 49% and it marks the fourth consecutive year of the Ascend strategy delivering solid EBITDA growth. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $8.11 for the year, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $9 per share, a 1% decrease from the prior year, reflecting the higher interest costs associated with the AirAg and Atrion acquisitions. On balance, we're pleased with how we finished the year despite some near-term weakness in certain end markets. And we remain confident in our five-year targets established at our October 2024 Investor Day. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide ten. We had another strong cash flow year generating $492 million in free cash flow at a conversion rate of 105% on net income. While still strong, cash flow conversion was down from 2023, and this was due to higher capital investments and additional use of working capital both of which we expect to normalize going forward. While our debt balance increased in the quarter due to the Atrion position, we continue to deploy cash efficiently. During the quarter, we increased our annual dividend by 15% marking our sixty-first year of consecutive annual increases. On a full-year basis, excluding the impact of the Atrion acquisition, we repaid approximately $315 million of debt, paid out $161 million in dividends, and repurchased $28 million of shares on the open market. Through our strategic capital deployment, we ended the year with a strong balance sheet, with cash balances of $116 million and net debt at $2.1 billion resulting in a leverage ratio of 2.5 times based on trailing twelve months EBITDA. This is within our targeted long-term range, and also in line with our expectations for the year. So in closing, just to summarize, our fourth quarter sales were in line with our previous guidance. And we came in better from an overall profit conversion standpoint. We're very pleased to see our Advanced Technology segment continue to show signs of positive improvement and demands. And our IPS and MFS segments continue to deliver strong operational performance despite some near-term demand weakness in selected product lines. We closed fiscal 2024 with a strong balance sheet, and we've steadily reinvested in the business. Positioning ourselves well for a dynamic 2025. I'll now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Dan. As I reflect on the past four years since we launched our Ascent strategy, we started from a position of strength with many competitive advantages. Leadership position in diversified niche end markets. High recurring parts revenues, a direct-to-customer model, and differentiated products built on deep knowledge of our customers' demanding applications. In the past four years, we have added two new advantages to expand our competitive mode. The first is a renewed emphasis on our growth bias portfolio that has positioned us to accelerate profitable growth. Over time, we have strategically increased our mix of recurring revenue, and we have expanded into the high-growth end markets of medical and electronics. This mix has been strategically driven through organic and acquisitive means. In the short term, end market cycles and unique macro conditions have slowed organic growth in these segments. This increases the importance of balancing organic growth with acquisitions. Our recent Atrium Medical acquisition is a great example of this strategy. This acquisition expands our fluid components addressable market by more than 50%, by adding products and solutions for infusion therapies and drug delivery. It also expands our current offering to top medical device customers and broadens Nordson's exposure to significant single-use consumables with recurring revenue streams. Atrium was a solid contributor to our fourth quarter revenue and it'll be a growth driver in fiscal 2025 and beyond. The second advantage that we have added to note is the NBS Next growth framework. It drives profitable growth and creates value in our acquisitions. I'm very pleased with the implementation of NBS Next which is becoming a competitive advantage. Throughout 2024, I traveled to many of Nordson sites including Europe, China, and India, in October and November. It is clear to me that the NBS Next growth framework is now how we run our businesses. You can see it evidenced in the fourth quarter results of our ATS segment. As Dan noted, ATS achieved 27% EBITDA margins while still in the downside of the electronic cycle, due to its strategic repositioning. They'll be very well positioned to respond to cut when the market turns. At our Investor Day in October, we shared several examples of how NBS Next has driven improved performance in on-time delivery and product quality, allowing the Nordson's divisions to protect and grow market share. I encourage you to listen to the Investor Day webcast recording which is available on our investor website. As we work towards our new financial performance targets, NBS Next and the Ascent strategy have ample runway to enable the Nordson team to be successful in the next five years.
Operator: Also, at our Investor Day,
Sundaram Nagarajan: we announced our 2025 to 2029 performance targets. In 2029, when we look back on our financial results, we expect to leverage the Ascent strategy to deliver average annual growth of 6% to 8% in revenue, balanced between organic and acquisition of growth and 10% to 12% in adjusted EPS growth. As this is an average annual growth target for that period, growth can be higher in some years and lower in others. We are entering 2025 prudently with conservative expectations for many of our end markets. We also recognize the level of change in the global macro environment, which could cause our customers to be judicious in their spending in the near term. In our Industrial Precision Solutions segment, although our current order entry trends are encouraging, we are expecting large capital investments to be muted in the near term, based on customer conversations, and reduced backlog levels. For our large system businesses, particularly polymer processing product lines, reduced investment in areas such as recycling, will be significant headwinds after two record sales years. Additionally, although European agriculture end market seems to have stabilized, we are cautiously awaiting meaningful growth. Within our Medical and Fluid Solutions segment, medical device customer supply chain teams are being far more cautious with their inventory purchase patterns. We currently see this impact in weakness within our interventional solutions product line, which is approximately 47% of this segment's sales. Long-term project pipelines remain solid and we continue to stay close to our customers and ensure we understand their post-COVID supply chain product needs. Modest growth from our fluid components and fluid dispense product lines will somewhat offset this pressure. But we expect MFS growth to largely come from the Atrion acquisition in fiscal 2025. Positively, we expect to see continued steady improvement in sales from our electronics customers. That said, we do not expect that a significant ramp in capital spending is imminent as customer purchasing patterns have been wary compared to prior electronic cycles, particularly in semiconductor applications. We remain close to our customers particularly the geopolitical issues in play. Now turning to the financial outlook. On slide fourteen, we enter fiscal 2025 with approximately $580 million in backlog. The sequential backlog reduction is reflective of a pace return to more normalized levels. Based on the combination of order entry, backlog, current foreign exchange rates, and anticipated end market expectations we anticipate delivering sales in the range of 2% to 7% above fiscal 2024 sales. Full year 2025 adjusted earnings are forecasted to be in the range of neutral to 8% growth per diluted share. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 2025, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 19% to 21%, capital expenditures of approximately $50 to $60 million, and interest expense of up approximately $90 to $100 million. This full-year guidance assumes a negative 1.5% impact from foreign exchange rates, no significant recovery in ramp in electronics or agricultural end markets, and the Atrion acquisition contributing approximately 6% growth at the midpoint of guidance. If we see improvements in our end markets, we will adjust. Based on seasonality, we expect our fiscal first quarter to start modestly.
Daniel Hopgood: As you will see on slide fifteen,
Sundaram Nagarajan: first quarter fiscal 2025 sales are forecasted in the range of $615 to $655 million and adjusted earnings in the range of $1.95 to $2.15 per diluted share. Even in uncertain times, our team delivers operational excellence, and strong cash flow due to our strong competitive advantages. As a growth compounder, we will continue to reinvest in the business while returning cash to our shareholders. Again,
Daniel Hopgood: I want to thank our employees,
Sundaram Nagarajan: customers, and shareholders for your continued support. We will now open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you would like to withdraw your questions, simply press star one again. Your first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Daniel Hopgood: Morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Alright. Appreciate all the thoughts at the end there on the outlook and the conservatism in the first quarter and some of the variable order patterns. But you know, maybe you could frame up how you're thinking about growth as it works through the year. It doesn't sound like you're embedding any fundamental improvement. Is the guidance assuming relatively normal seasonality? And maybe just give some thoughts on what your customers are saying or how you see these end markets cadencing as we work through the year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Mike, thank you for the question. We'll do it this way. Let me first give you what we're seeing in the end markets. And then Dan can walk you through the guidance and how we're thinking, you know, how we've built the outlook. Right? So let's start with the IPS. You know? In IPS, what I would tell you is our consumer non-durable end markets seem to have a steady outlook. And, you know, there are parts that are really good, then there are parts that are steady. Further, recurring revenue in this business is fairly high as you know. And this has grown last year. We expect it to contribute nicely in the year. On the headwinds, what I would share with you is that we are expecting large capital investments to be muted in the near term. You know, based on customer conversations and reduced backlog. Particularly, in the polymer processing product line, we have seen reduced investments, you know, after record two sales record years of two years of sales. And reduce investment in recycling and also some push start investments in virgin polymer in Asia. They're also seeing slowness in automotive. With our ICS business. Our agricultural precision ag business in Europe, things have stabilized, and we're cautiously awaiting the return there. So that's the puts and takes in IPS. If you look at MFS, you know, we do see modest growth in our fluid components business, which is sort of, you know, there is some exposure in biopharma. We're seeing order entry, modest slip up there. Fluid dispense business is also doing fairly steady. So these two businesses will offset the pressure we are seeing in our medical interventional business. In our medical interventional product category, what we are finding out is that the OEM supply chain teams are far more conservative and cautious about their inventory purchases. And hence, we're seeing weakness in this product line. And remind you, this is about 47% of the segment's revenues. Long-term project pipelines look pretty strong for this product category. Addition, Atrium, you know, addressable market increase for our businesses has a very positive development. And the growth in this segment would primarily come from Atrium acquisition. The APS business segment, what you find there is steady improvement and positive order entry to the kind of growth rates you saw in the fourth quarter. We don't our assumptions are there is not a significant ramp in capital spending. Mainly, we see the order patterns in this recovery far more choppier than we have seen in the past. We remain close to our customers. There is a number of geopolitical issues that are at play here and that impacts this business. So that gives you sort of a broad overview of what we are experiencing in the end markets. And maybe let me have Dan walk you through how that plays into our outlook.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. Thanks, Naga. And the only thing that I might add just on the market overview is just and maybe this is more of a reminder. You know, on our ag business, while we've seen certainly our book and bill and order rates stabilized, we still have one quarter of tough comparables in Q1 in that business, as you recall, Q1 of last year, we were working off a large backlog in our ag business. So we've seen the underlying business is, like I said, is in a very good stable place but we've got one more tough comparable in Q1 in the ag business due to the backlog work off last year. So that said, Mike, just to give you some color, you know, if you think of the overall market outlook and basically think of, you know, flat organic growth for the year. What I would tell you is the sales profile, if you look at our Q1 guidance in the full year, it's pretty much right in line with the seasonality that we would typically see in the business. You know, Q1 is always our lowest quarter. Typically around 23% of our annual sales. If you look at history, excluding acquisitions. And so I think you'll see that play out in our guidance. The only anomaly that we see this year, and it's not a big contributing factor, but it is a factor, is the timing of Chinese New Year actually hits our first quarter this year whereas it's hit our second quarter the last couple of years. So if anything, that just means Q1 will be slightly weaker than normal because we lose that production in Q1. That would typically hit us in Q2. But other than that, it's pretty much right in line with our seasonality that we've seen historically.
Mike Halloran: Okay. That was really helpful. Thanks for that follow-up. On the Electra side in the fourth quarter, was there anything unusual? I mean, was there just kind of a flush that happened? Because I know we've had some delays that have materialized. Was there just, you know, an element of finally getting some of those projects pushed through? Would you consider that the right run rate? And then related, what are you seeing that gives you confidence that there's some modest improvement coming on the electronic side? I know the capital piece you're cautious on, but any kind of more subtext on where that improvement's coming from on the electronic side even if it is modest.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. You know,
Sundaram Nagarajan: look, there are a couple of things that I would point to. First and foremost, we certainly are seeing strong continued conversations with our customers around projects and things that are coming our way. So that's number one. Second, what we are beginning to see is those conversations beginning to translate into order entry, and that order entry is allowing us to deliver the kind of growth we did in the fourth quarter, probably the first time in a long, long time. We are seeing parts revenue in that business also be pretty steady for us. You know, the caution and conservatism is that we're not seeing significant capital spend. And so, essentially, we are trying to be conservative here in trying to call this as the significant uptick. But the positive order trends in the business give us confidence that this would be a pretty, you know, modest growth period for ATS in 2025.
Mike Halloran: And then just the fourth quarter piece, anything in the fourth order that you felt was an anomaly or is that relatively normal?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Pretty normal. You know? Pretty normal.
Mike Halloran: Yeah. Yeah. And I appreciate that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ben: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. A couple of small items. You cited the backlog including Atrion at $580 million but could you just help us understand the backlog excluding this acquisition?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it's Danny, you wanna take that, please?
Daniel Hopgood: Yep. It's Atrion added about $35 million to the backlog. So you know, we'd be in the $550 range excluding.
Ben: Okay.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Ben, if I would add one more thing to your backlog question, I know you didn't ask this, but what I would give you some color around the backlog is remember, the company's recurring revenue continues to expand. Today, it is, you know, north of 55%, more like 57%. And a significant portion of that is book and ship.
Daniel Hopgood: So you gotta
Sundaram Nagarajan: you know, put that into context while you're thinking about the backlog production as well.
Ben: Appreciate that. You mentioned the impact of the Chinese New Year on Q1. I believe you've had historically put this at a $15 million to $20 million sales impact. So would that be similar this year, and does this just get pushed to the second quarter?
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. I think typically, Ben, in the call it, in the $10 to $20 range. I think, yeah, that's still appropriate. And, yeah, it's just timing between Q1 and Q2.
Ben: Thanks. And just lastly for me, you know, you've talked a lot about entering this year with conservative estimates. You know, what would get you to the higher end of your full-year guidance? Or maybe how do you think about potential upside to guidance in a more positive scenario?
Daniel Hopgood: You want me to take that now? I can. Yeah. That's a great question. And yeah. Look. I think if from the very hopefully, you get some color with you know, we're not trying to call recoveries. Key markets. And what I look at the upper end of our guidance, it would anticipate stronger recovery in some of these end markets. As you think of Precision Ag, as you think of our ATS and Technology businesses, and so I think that's if I were to look at the upper end, it would be, you know, a stronger recovery in the semiconductor and electronics markets. It would be some strong recovery in some of the general industrial and other markets, you know, versus kind of the status quo that we're seeing right now.
Ben: Appreciate that. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Yeah. Thanks. No. I think early in the call, you talked about factory efficiency gains. And did you say you have inflecting efficiency gains? Just looking for a little more color on you're calling that out early in the call today.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. You know, look, this is as we continue to deploy MBS Next and begin to see the impact of NBS Next in our businesses, you're also beginning to see product mix being helpful where when you have higher volume products, we are certainly making them a lot more efficiently than before. So it's a combination, a couple of different things. It is the choice of products, but it is also efficiency of making them in a better way. On-time delivery has significantly improved in all of our businesses. Know, that certainly helps us with efficiency. So a number of different factors, but pretty pleased with the progress we are making.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks. And with Atrium, it looks like the revenue trends are solid and growing if we prorate to a full quarter. Are EBITDA margins back in that high 20s range and then curious what the DNA is now that you've owned it and probably the accounting settled out.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Let me maybe give you just some broad color and then Dan can sort of take some of the more financial questions. We're very pleased. We're very pleased with the integration. We're excited for our Atrium employees who have joined and are a big part of our story in the coming year. You know, integration going well. Revenue is progressing as we expected. We are making progress around the synergies that we had operating synergies that we had included in our model. All of that is coming out the way we think. Maybe let, Dan, if you can provide some of those data points that Chris is looking for, that'd be great.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. And if you think of, number one, appreciate the question and, yeah, the acquisition is off to a really good start in performing certainly in line or even slightly ahead of early expectations. Right? It's early. But from an EBITDA standpoint, yes, they are absolutely, you know, we're very comfortable in that upper 20% range right now, and we also still feel very comfortable with our path towards more Nordson-like margins. And the two-year integration period. From a DNA standpoint, it's they're DNA is a little bit higher than ours, particularly when you factor in acquisition accounting. And so they'd be a little bit north of us from a percent standpoint on DNA, but not materially. And then, yeah, EBITDA on the upper any core course pretty comfortable, and I'd say two months three three months in now. Even more comfortable with our path towards, you know, sustained margin improvement going forward.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thank you for that color. If I could get a quick one on ATS, the implementation of MBS Next growth framework helps mix leverage. We just talked about that. I'm curious if the revenue run rate today, which was very healthy in the quarter, includes anything you've kinda treated or you know, minimized in the holistic NBS Next process.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So let me take a couple of things that the team has done an incredible job of strategically repositioning this business. During the downturn. And that is why you see the margin even at the beginning of a cycle. You can begin to see a 27% EBITDA. So well positioned that way. A couple of additional points that I would make that our growth framework, this has allowed the team now to reposition the business. We have a new manufacturing, and this distribution location in India that the team has been working on. That has positioned us really well to address the needs of some of our customers who are trying to have a China plus one manufacturing strategy. So we are well positioned there. The growth from that location will begin to impact in 2025. The second thing that I would tell you, the team has also used this time period to really invest in new products and innovation that will position us in the growth sides of the applications that our customers have, and we are pretty excited about a couple of new products. One or two of them have won some very good industry recognition. And so you know, a number of our strategy beginning to make an impact and our team strategically using this time to really position us for growth.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from DA Davidson. Line is open.
Matt Summerville: Yeah. Thanks. Can you maybe talk about the monthly order cadence you experienced in fiscal first quarter? What you're seeing thus far in fiscal Q1 and any discernible trends you'd call out pre or post the election with respect to order patterns, and then I have a follow-up.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. Again, I would say if you look at our guidance it's largely reflective of what we're seeing in the near term. You know, on the ATS side, you know, the four we said we had 4% organic growth in Q4, and I think our order patterns would tell us that that looks pretty sustainable. Yeah. We're not seeing a big uptick from there, but certainly we're seeing ongoing support for that, you know, return to nominal growth. Similar story in our other segments, I would say. Our order patterns support, you know, the guidance that we've given, and I think the one difference year over year that we're coming into now is, you know, we have kind of worked back to a normalized backlog. So yeah. That's certainly a factor year over year. I would say this, you know, we haven't seen any discernible shift post-election. I think it's a bit early. I think, you know, frankly, some of our customers are trying to wait and see a little bit see how things are gonna play out here. And, frankly, I think that some of the uncertainty that we're seeing in our near-term outlook I think that'll settle down certainly as things play out, but I think it's still pretty early innings and people are still trying to figure out yeah. What decisions they should make and what the implications are gonna be, I think. Now I don't know if you wanna add anything further, but that's kinda what we're hearing.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So what I would add is, you know, it's certainly an uncertain macro environment. You know? You see the same things we do. And I think that uncertain market environment is really playing into our conservative approach to what we're taking to the outlook. Look. This could be it could be significantly better, or it could be more challenging than we expect. But in general, we feel like we have taken the appropriate steps to be conservative based on what we see today and based on what we know today. But I'll just remind you a couple of things. You know, the company has a very strong operating model. You know, we have a direct-to-customer model. We have differentiated products. High recurring revenue. Diversified end markets. And MBS Next as a growth framework is beginning to be how we run the company. So if you combine those trends and if you look at the operating excellence, the track record this team has had, you know, if you take all of 2024, and if you look at the EBITDA margin conversion, the incremental margins, that's well north of where we had guided in our investor day. So you know, so if you combine our competitive strengths you combine our ability to operate under any different sets of conditions, you know, gives us confidence that, you know, the environment would be the environment. But Nordson will figure out a way to operate it and do fairly well. And, you know, deliver cash and deliver, you know, strong EBITDA margins.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just as a follow-up, based on Dan's commentary, it sounds like you at least expect modest organic growth in ATS in fiscal 2025, if I understood him correctly. Can you maybe just flush out then what your kind of baseline expectation is for organic at the segment level for IPS and MFS? Thank you.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. We typically don't I appreciate the question. Yeah. I think we typically don't give specific guidance on each of the segments. Know, but I would say if you look at Q4, yeah, it's maybe a good precursor for what you'd expect going forward. Right? Our IPS business is pretty stable. And even in the medical, you know, we've got some pluses and minuses. But, you know, generally, you know, they're kinda holding serve, I'll call it. And given some of the uncertainty in the minimally invasive space. And so yeah. If you look at it overall, maybe that's the best way to answer your question. If you peel back our guidance, it is it's essentially zero growth organically year over year. With the growth coming from the Atrion acquisition and then a slight offset from FX based on current FX ranges and you know, if you factor in let's call it, you know, low single-digit growth or ongoing growth in ATS, you know, that kinda tells you what the answer is for the other segments.
Matt Summerville: Got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Daniel Hopgood: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So just on backlog, I know backlog, you know, got elevated during COVID, and people kinda, you know, stretched out or, you know, made more orders and, you know, given the lead time issues. But just wondering, you know, if you think this backlog normalization is largely done and what businesses, you know, would have seen the most kinda backlog normalization, you know, over the last year that would maybe set up a little bit of a tough comp?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Let me start and then, you know, Dan can add additional. Mostly, it is our system businesses. Large system businesses. I think, you know, even a couple of quarters ago when we continue to talk about this, we continue to see a reduction in backlog from plastic processing. It's one of the large system businesses. And industrial coatings is the other business. And, you know, to some extent, we have large system orders in, you know, one part of our adhesive business. So those would be where we have typically seen order normalization. And it has been ongoing for a year, and you rightly point out.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then on polymer processing, is that, you know, is that just a tough comp dynamic? Is that a Europe issue? I think there was a, you know, some recycling activity or something else that's, you know, that's hitting that.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. A couple of things there. You know, certainly tough comps. Right. Two record years of sales. But you also have reduction in investments in recycling in Europe as well as reduction in investment in virgin polymer production in Asia, particularly China. So this business has been a huge contributor to our growth in the last couple of years. And now, you know, you have the cycle impacting them and, you know, they're gonna be down this year.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. I think the other thing just to reiterate backlog normalization, you know, our percentage of, you know, call it book and bill business continues to increase with our, you know, parts versus systems mix. Some of that's acquisition. Some of that's also, you know, what we've been doing organically. And so, you know, we're approaching 60% overall. I think we're at 57% or right around there plus that as far as, you know, parts and services. So that as you're looking historically at the backlog, where I think that's an important thing to consider as well.
Jeff Hammond: Yeah. And then interventional destock, what are your customers telling you in terms of where inventories are, you know, what's kinda built into the guide, you know, for when that kinda, you know, runs its course?
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. So as I were to put it, like, I would say, you know, it feels like we're kind of middle somewhere in the middle innings as far as working through these supply chain changes. In the interventional businesses, there are product lines in particular. And so, you know, we have some return to normalization but we think that still has a little way to go to play out. And that's kinda how we're thinking about the year. Yeah. This works its way out in another quarter. Or two, and then we kinda get back to normal from there. The only other thing I would point out on that is, yeah, while we I know. But we've mentioned this in a couple of different conversations, we remain very comfortable with the long-term outlook and the prospects for growth in that business. And our pipeline is really what supports that. We still see plenty of project activity, line of sight, to returning to normal growth in our interventional solutions business. We've already seen some of our component medical components, and other areas return to normal growth. So we're very comfortable with the long-term prospects. It's really just trying to pick the exact timing of how this plays out is, I think, what we're continuing to work through with our customers. You know, one thing I would add to that is in our interventional business,
Sundaram Nagarajan: this is an area, again, using NBS Next, our growth framework portfolio approach to how we think about growth. Over the past twelve to eighteen months, we have been investing in additional capacity in new areas of growth where, you know, there were modest positions for us prior to COVID. Post-COVID, and in the last twelve to eighteen months, it's a new product category that we are investing in. And, you know, that will help us as we come out of this stocking situation.
Jeff Hammond: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia from BNP. Line is open.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey. So just back to the full-year outlook, so you're assuming, you know, no let's call it no or very low organic growth at the midpoint, but EPS at the midpoint is still up. And I guess my confusion is MFS probably margins are flatter down just given you have some dilution with the acquisition. ATS probably up because of if it grows, then you got a cost taking cost out. So you have to assume some decent margin expansion, IPS, despite what you're what's implied to be probably a down or a flatter down, probably down organic growth year. So how I guess, are you is there additional cost cutting coming, or what how are you getting to such margin expansion, I guess, to get to the midpoint of that EPS?
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. No. It's a great question. And here's what I would tell you. I mean, if you look at our sales guidance and kinda take a normal incremental, I would say, keep in mind that part of our MBS Next is continuing to run the company better and we've also made some taken some actions in the form of restructuring to improve the cost base of the business going forward. And so, you know, you're gonna get some additional performance from an incremental standpoint year over year from those actions. In addition, you know, keep in mind, we're starting the year with our debt at a high point. And as we delever throughout the year, which we've typically continued to do, that will also create leverage as the year plays out. And then you factor in the last item, which is a year-over-year improvement in our tax rate as we mentioned in the call. I think those three factors are kinda what drives that conversion.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. MSS too. You know, just maybe touching on that. The margins there, it seems like things are going well as of now, but yeah. We probably do see margins decline or do we see that, I don't know, these costs, you know, the cost savings and that side of things taking hold this year or mid-year to get to some margin expansion in the back half.
Andrew Buscaglia: You talking specific to the MFS business?
Daniel Hopgood: To the MFS? Yeah. Just MFS.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. And really I think you're asking about Atrium, I assume. Right?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Because it'll be it seems to be
Daniel Hopgood: diluted, but not maybe not as much as we initially thought. Yeah. It's not you know, as I said, I think they're, you know, I think in a good path in the upper 20% range on EBITDA below our current, but to your point, not significantly diluted. And, you know, our model factored in improvements in the first one to two years. And I think we're, you know, largely on track with that.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah. Okay.
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, Andrew, what I would add is integration going well. We made adjustments in cost structures early and but Dan what Dan is indicating to you for you is that our model calls for us over the next year to two is when we, you know, completely opt, you know, deliver on the synergies that we committed to. But we're off to a very good start. And margins in, you know, MFS are called in pretty nicely.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah. Okay. Alright. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walt Liptak from Seaport. Your line is open.
Walt Liptak: Hi. Thanks, guys. Good morning.
Daniel Hopgood: Morning, Walt.
Walt Liptak: Good morning. I'm gonna try one about, you know, kind of orders and, you know, that comment that you made about, you know, not calling recoveries in the high end, you know, with some recovery. So, you know, what we've seen from some other industrial companies that have exposure to, you know, kind of medical and semi-con, is that they get, you know, sort of blanket orders or early orders in the year. Like, at what point will we know that, you know, that there's not the recovery happening? Do you find it in the December quarter, the quarter that we're in, or is it in the first quarter? And how important do you think, you know, for those larger systems are, you know, sort of early year orders that you, you know, deliver later on in the year.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. I think maybe I'll take this. It's great. Again, maybe what I'll start with is what we're seeing now supports our current outlook. And I think the answer to your question is as Q1 and Q2 play out, I think we'll have, you know, a much better viewpoint on how the second half is gonna play out. Yeah. It's interesting. There are a lot of discussions that are going on, but there's also a lot of hesitance. And so that's generally, you know, kind of back to the earlier comments. I think that's what we're generally seeing is just some uncertainty and a lot of plans, but those plans, you know, today are translated into, I'll say, guarded investments. And that's kinda what we're seeing in the near term. And I think as Q1 and Q2 play out, we'll have a much better viewpoint. And, you know, what this, like, looks like for the year.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Great. And
Sundaram Nagarajan: hey. So, Walt, before he asks to follow on, let me just add one thing. Look. This is based on what we know today. And should something change, like you're, you know, suggesting might be or asking, you know, we will adjust. And particularly in the IPS area where large system orders are, you know, is one of the areas of concern.
Walt Liptak: But ATS, though,
Sundaram Nagarajan: the current order entry, the momentum that we see there, you know, clearly supports the kind of growth rate that we delivered in the fourth quarter. So
Walt Liptak: okay. Great.
Daniel Hopgood: Okay. So the next question would be as we're talking about the hesitancy, you know, the interest rates, you know, have been coming down. Right? The election is over. And then are we talking about sort of the tariff issue and that's causing the uncertainty in the headwind? Is that is that where those comments are coming from, or is it something else?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Well, you know, look, nobody, obviously, is telling us or describing why they're hesitant. All we are, you know, what we can presume, you know, certainly that may have some impact in their thinking. But, you know, Walt, it will be difficult for us to tell you exactly why some of our customers have it. And all we can say is they're talking about projects, but there is a certain amount of hesitancy. You know, there is going to be change in EV battery investments. There's gonna be change in maybe solar. Who knows? Right? I mean, there's lots the macro environment is different, and certainly leads to some level of uncertainty. And that manifests itself as hesitancy in our customers. You know, the geopolitical environment is not all that great. It's not a stable environment to be in right now. So
Walt Liptak: Yes. Absolutely. So then maybe a last one for me is, you know, thanks for pointing out the ATS EBITDA margins being really nice on sort of the bottom-ish part of the cycle. Where do you think you can get the, you know, like, in a normalized market, you know, a couple two, three years from now, where do you think ATS margins go? Or maybe another way to look at it, where do you think the operating leverage will be as, you know, the revenue improves?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it's really important to remember, our ATS business at 27% EBITDA is probably a best in class among our peers. Right? And it is an area where it requires a lot more investment in new products and technologies than any of our other businesses. We typically invest 14% to 15% of revenues in this area, and you have to stay ahead of the competition. But more importantly, to be able to fully support your customers' needs about investing in technology as they bring out new. So, you know, 27% EBITDA is a great place for us to be. We're looking to grow here. So any opportunity we can get to grow, we want to continue to grow this business rather than expand margin. If you look at the total company, well, you've seen this story for us. You know, we were in the 27%, 26% EBITDA margin, 31%, 32% ZIP code. Look. You know, you're gonna be a lot more happier as we continue to grow the top line of the company at strong incrementals rather than, you know, focused on EBITDA margins. And I'd take the same comment for the company and apply it to ATS. Right? Really like 27%. We want to continue to grow the business.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question and answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Naga for some final closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. We're making great progress on the Ascend strategy. Yeah. Positioned really well. As we enter fiscal 2025, I wish you a happy holiday season.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-08-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Lara Mahoney. Please begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Dan Hopgood, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, August 22nd, to report Nordson's fiscal 2024 third quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 30 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Thursday, August 29th, 2024. During this conference call, we will make references to non-GAAP financial metrics. We've provided a reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to materially differ. Moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss third quarter highlights as well as yesterday's close of our Atrion Medical acquisition. He will then turn the call over to Dan to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Dan will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga then will share a high-level commentary about our end market and provide an update on the fiscal 2024 full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2024 third quarter conference call. Before I begin, I'm pleased with the closure of the Atrion Medical acquisition as we announced in a press release issued yesterday morning. I would like to welcome our new colleagues from Atrion into the Nordson family. Atrion's products will expand our current portfolio in medical fluid components and interventional solutions by adding a category leader in infusion fluid delivery and niche cardiovascular therapy products. Atrion expands Nordson's fluid components addressable market by more than 50% by adding products and solutions for infusion therapies and drug delivery. This also extends our current offering to top medical device customers and broadens Nordson's exposure to higher growth medical end markets with significant single use consumables with recurring revenue streams. Going forward, Atrion will be part of our Medical and Fluid Solutions segment. Now let's shift to our third quarter earnings results on Slide 5. At the outset, I would like to recognize the dedicated Nordson team who had leveraged the NBS Next growth framework to deliver strong operating results. Sales of $662 million were in line with our expectations, driven by IPS segment, which delivered strong organic growth of 4% in addition to increased sales from our ARAG acquisition. This growth was partially offset by continued softness in electronics compared to prior year, as well as lower demand impacting our medical businesses. In addition, our focus on top customers and differentiated products improved consolidated product mix. This strategic focus and a commitment to managing costs led to improvements in gross margins and top quartile EBITDA margin of over 31%. In the quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.41, which is up $0.08 from the midpoint of our guidance. Finally, I'd like to highlight our third quarter free cash flow of $143 million, which was 122% of net income. We continue to generate strong cash flow and execute a balanced capital deployment strategy with $39 million in dividends paid, $25 million in share repurchases and $40 million in debt reduction during the quarter. I'll speak more about the enterprise performance in few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Dan to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Daniel Hopgood: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide number 6, you'll see third quarter fiscal 2024 sales were $662 million, up 2% from prior year third quarter sales of $649 million and in line with the midpoint of our quarterly guidance. This was driven by a 4% increase from the ARAG acquisition, partially offset by an overall organic sales decrease of 1% and unfavorable currency translation of 1%. As Naga mentioned, we saw growth in our IPS segment organic sales during the quarter, in particular our packaging and nonwovens divisions, which were offset by softness in certain electronics and medical product lines. Gross profit during the quarter remained strong at 56% of sales. Deploying our NBS Next growth framework, we're focusing on top products, driving a favorable product mix, while also continuing to improve our manufacturing efficiency. EBITDA adjusted for special items in both periods, totaled $208 million for the quarter or 31.5% of sales, slightly below the prior year by about 50 basis points, which was driven by higher selling and administrative costs, including the first-year impact of the ARAG acquisition. Looking at non-operating expenses, net interest expense increased approximately $6 million associated with higher debt levels tied to the ARAG acquisition. Other income on a net basis decreased by $2 million, primarily reflecting certain foreign exchange transactional variations compared to the prior year. Tax expense for the quarter was $32 million or an effective rate of about 21.5%, which is in line with the prior year rate and our guidance range for 2024. Net income in the quarter totaled $117 million or $2.04 per share, excluding $8 million of non-recurring costs related to the Atrion acquisition and selected restructuring charges, as well as $19 million in amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Adjusted earnings per share for the quarter totaled $2.41, $0.08 above the midpoint of our quarterly guidance, but a 6% decrease from the prior year adjusted earnings per share of $2.55. The decrease in year-over-year earnings reflects the slightly lower operating margins and increased interest expense I just walked through. Now let's turn to Slides 7 through 9 to review the third quarter 2024 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solution sales of $371 million increased 10% compared to the prior year third quarter. The ARAG acquisition contributed 7% sales growth while organic sales were up 4% year-over-year, partially offset by unfavorable currency translation of 1%. Organic sales improved across most of our product lines with particular strength in packaging and nonwovens. It's important to note that these results continue to build upon record fiscal 2023 revenue for the IPS segment, which has now delivered organic growth in 13 of the last 15 quarters. EBITDA for the segment was $135 million in the third quarter or 36% of sales, an increase of 10% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $122 million. The increase in EBITDA was driven by the ARAG acquisition and strong contribution from our organic sales growth. It's also worth highlighting that this quarter marks 14 out of 15 consecutive quarters of EBITDA growth for the IPS segment. Turning to Slide 8, you'll see Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $167 million, decreased 2% compared to the prior year's third quarter, driven by lower demand in our medical interventional solutions and fluid components product lines. While the biopharma portion of our fluid components product lines has stabilized, other product applications for patient care and surgical applications are adjusting to more conservative customer order entry patterns. This is despite solid underlying demand for patient procedures. These decreases were also partially offset by improved sales in our fluid solutions product lines versus last year. EBITDA for Medical and Fluid Solutions was $62 million for the quarter or 37% of sales, which was a 9% reduction to the prior year EBITDA of $68 million. The decrease was driven by lower volume and unfavorable product mix during the quarter. In spite of these recent growth headwinds, the segment has now delivered EBITDA margins greater than 35% in 14 of the last 15 quarters. Turning to Slide 9, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $124 million, an 11% decrease compared to the prior year third quarter. The decrease includes 10% organic volume decline as well as unfavorable currency translation of 1%. The decrease in sales was driven by electronics processing and x-ray and test product lines, offset by growth in our optical sensors businesses. While we expected weakness year-over-year, segment sales increased over 8% sequentially versus Q2 and we continue to see modest improvement in order intake as the semiconductor and electronic applications we serve continue to show signs of improvement. Third quarter EBITDA was $26 million or 21% of sales, below prior year third quarter EBITDA of $33 million, which excluded special items of $2 million related to cost reduction actions in the prior year. While the reduction in EBITDA was tied to the overall decrease in volume, favorable mix and cost reduction actions contributed to achieving a 41% decremental on the lower year-over-year sales. This is well ahead of our decremental target of approximately 55%. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 10. At the end of the third quarter, we had cash on hand of $165 million and net debt was $1.3 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of about 1.6 times based on trailing 12 months EBITDA. Pro forma for the Atrion acquisition that we just announced, net debt will rise to about $2.2 billion and our leverage ratio will increase to approximately 2.5 times in the near-term, which remains within our targeted range. We funded the Atrion acquisition with a $500 million term loan, cash on hand and borrowings on our revolver. We plan to refinance the term loan in the public bond markets and we'll continue to use cash from operations to repay our revolver borrowings over time. After the acquisition, we still have greater than 50% availability on our revolver and greater than $600 million of liquidity available to the company, including cash on hand. Our free cash flow generation continues to be a strength at $143 million during the quarter or 122% conversion rate on net income. As we continue to strategically deploy this strong cash flow, as Naga mentioned earlier, we reduced debt by $40 million in the quarter, paid $39 million in dividends and repurchased $25 million in shares, all while continuing to fund capital and product development investments for growth. Notably, last week, we announced our 61st year of increasing our annual dividend, building upon our legacy of growing capital returns as we grow the company. All-in-all, we had a solid quarter and we're well positioned to close out the year. With that, let's turn to Slide 11, and I'll turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Dan. I also want to congratulate the Nordson team for delivering strong operating performance under a challenging demand environment in select businesses. Let's spend a few minutes talking about our end markets as we move into the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. Starting with our Industrial Precision Solutions segment, we continue to see steadiness in industrial and consumer non-durable end markets with nonwovens starting to pick up in the third quarter. After two years of record growth, our full year guidance implies IPS, excluding ARAG, is about flat to modestly up versus prior year. ARAG sales appear to be normalizing at lower levels at this point in the agriculture cycle. In general, we feel confident about the diversification of this segment, its mix of recurring revenue and customer intimate business model. Within our Medical and Fluid Solutions segment, medical device customer supply chain teams are being far more cautious with their inventory purchases after a very unique few years. While we are starting to see lower demand in the interventional solutions and certain fluid component product lines outside of biopharma, we are confident in the long-term growth drivers in this end market, including aging of the population, rising chronic health conditions, trends toward non-invasive surgical techniques, and increased healthcare spending and procedure volumes. We have a robust pipeline of longer-term customer project activity and we are comfortable with the future outlook of this business. Near term, we expect softness in certain medical product lines, particularly in light of challenging year-over-year comparisons for medical interventional solutions product lines. Staying close to our customers, we are working our way through what has been a one-of-a-kind demand environment over the past few years. The ATS segment will benefit from increasing demand for advanced chips in support of AI, automotive electronics, onshoring, CHIPS Act, as well as the broader electronics CapEx spending cycle. We are beginning to experience a sequential and year-over-year increase in order entry in the test and inspection applications. For example, we're pleased with the momentum in our optical, CyberOptics and acoustic test and inspection product lines. Our x-ray product lines, which experienced double-digit growth in fiscal 2023, continued to deal with challenging comparisons in the fourth quarter. Electronics dispense product line applications are largely in the back end of manufacturing of advanced semiconductor chips. Demand for these products occur later in the cycle. Given the sequential improvement in revenues and order entry, we expect the ATS segment to return to growth in 2025. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 12. We enter the fourth quarter with approximately $650 million in backlog. This backlog remains concentrated in our systems businesses, while customer order entry patterns have returned to historical norms in the rest of the businesses. Based on current visibility and order entry trends, we are holding our previously issued full year base business revenue guidance in the range of flat up to 2% over record fiscal 2023. The addition of Atrion will then increase our base sales by approximately $30 million in the fiscal fourth quarter. Full year fiscal 2024 adjusted earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $9.45 to $9.65 per diluted share for fiscal 2024. This is unchanged at the midpoint despite the inclusion of the slightly dilutive impact of Atrion in the fourth quarter. This full year guidance assumes a neutral impact from foreign exchange rates. Investors should keep in mind that we anniversary the acquisitive growth impact of ARAG in the fiscal fourth quarter. Even as we face challenging demand conditions in certain end markets, Nordson's core strengths remain a diversified portfolio close to the customer business model, high level of recurring revenue, NBS Next growth framework and a commitment to innovation. These core strengths enable Nordson to deliver high-quality operating performance under varying economic conditions. We're looking forward to sharing an update on our long-term growth plans, including our capital deployment strategy, at our upcoming Investor Day in New York on October 3rd. We hope to see you there and we encourage you to use the QR code in the webcast presentation to register. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Good morning. I want to focus a little bit on the acquisition. So the margins at Atrion, they've come down rather significantly from since 2022. Could you just talk about the right margin profile for this business and the steps you're taking to get the margins to Nordson levels?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Saree. The business has gone through supply chain issues and certainly have had to go through some issues, and so the margins have degraded for them in the last couple of years, as you can see in the public information. We fundamentally believe if you look at past track record of this business, their EBITDA margins are in line with Nordson-like margins. And so we're fully confident that we would be able to return the business back to those same margins over time.
Saree Boroditsky: Appreciate that. And then you noted that you saw year-over-year growth in some of the test and inspection products on an order basis. Could you just quantify this and then provide some additional color on what's driving this improvement and how you see that expanding into 2025? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Thank you, Saree. We see some pretty strong momentum in our optical and acoustic product lines. So optical is our CyberOptics business. What you find there is a lot of these applications are in the front end of the semiconductor manufacturing business. But also this is the business in terms of cyclicality was the first one to experience a downturn early last year, right. So you have the cycle helping us. But in addition, you have some exciting new products like our WaferSense that is used in the semiconductor processing manufacturing steps. And so you have a combination of new products, cycle and where our products are used in the semiconductor manufacturing process. So the momentum is pretty good. This business continues to have a pretty nice year-on-year growth from last year. So we're pretty excited about what we see in this business.
Saree Boroditsky: Appreciate the questions. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Canyon Hayes: Good morning. You've got Canyon Hayes on for Matt Summerville today. So I just wanted to start with a quick review on implied guidance in the fourth quarter. And I was curious how your thoughts might have progressed relative to the prior quarter on IPS, ATS and MFS organic growth?
Daniel Hopgood: So thanks for the --
Canyon Hayes: Yeah, could you --
Daniel Hopgood: Go ahead. I guess as far as our thoughts, if you look at our underlying guidance, we pretty much -- we're holding the base business. And so I would say our thoughts are things are playing. The year is playing out about as expected for the fourth quarter. But maybe you can give me a little bit more color behind your question.
Canyon Hayes: I apologize. I think I might have cut out there, but I think I got what I needed there. Okay. Across the broader industrial space, we've seen project activity get pushed out a little bit as a function of rates, macro, geopolitical election concerns. I'd be curious if we could get a little bit of color on how or how that is not affecting Nordson and how we should think about how that implies into the 2025?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Obviously, we're not talking about 2025. So I want to make sure you know we will have a chance to talk about it in a couple of months from now. But as we think about end market conditions within the company as it stands today, it's good to remind ourselves Nordson has a very diversified portfolio, diversified in end markets, diversified in geography, diversified in systems and consumables or recurring revenues, right? So that's an important piece of the puzzle here. So if you think about segment by segment, what we see here in IPS is a business non-ARAG without our ag business. Think of that as a slight growth to flattish after two record years, 13 out of 15 quarters year-on-year organic growth, right. So I think that's an important context to remember. We see order entry to be pretty steady. And so our expectation is this part of our business remains steady. There are a couple of things that if you want to add a little bit more color to our IPS segment, our recurring revenue is pretty high here, right. It is north of 50%. And you expect when folks are sort of deferring CapEx spend, they are going to increase their recurring revenues, right. So that's one piece of it. The other piece of it is you have a couple of our businesses like the nonwovens, where we see some pretty good order entry pickup. And so that is certainly helping this business. One thing to remember is that you do have other sort of large CapEx spends around big trends looking like electric battery vehicles still activity, although the overall market is down. You have automotive electronics, fabric bonding, recapitalization of our base, reshoring, e-commerce packaging. So a number of trends that are helping us to make small wins. So these are not big home runs like we like to call them. These are singles and doubles, but that's what this segment is about. It is about working on end market applications and winning those application by application. So a steady outlook for IPS helped by recurring revenues. On ATS, we do see order entry starting to pick up. We are being cautious here. This is an end market that has been cyclical, but we are modestly seeing order entry pickup. We saw a sequential revenue growth in this segment when compared to last quarter. And so that is coming back and we talked a little bit about optical and acoustic product lines in the last answer. Our Medical and Fluid Solutions segment, what you see is a tough comparison when compared to last year where this business grew significantly. And what you also find is that customers, particularly supply chain teams of medical device customers after very unique years of pandemic, supply chain, being very cautious about their inventory levels. So we do see weakness in the order entry in this segment. Long-term, we are excited about this business. This is a business with very strong growth drivers, aging population, as I talked about in my opening remarks, aging population increased health chronic conditions, increased procedure volumes, all of that fuels makes us confident about this. And we continue to have long-term project conversations with our customers and that is very active and healthy. We also have new product development work that we are continuing to work on and hear. And finally Atrion is an exciting add to this segment. And we expect that Atrion's products increases the addressable market for this segment nicely.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Daniel Hopgood: Good morning.
Jeffrey Hammond: So I want to start with this kind of medical interventional, I guess, it's normalization or destocking, it seems like that's kind of a newer dynamic. And I'm just wondering how long you think that persists before inventories are kind of or supply chains are back to normal?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. As we talked about, there are two things going on here a) in our biopharma business that has stabilized, that is starting to come back. In terms of our interventional business, last year, these businesses were up 15%, 16%. And so you have -- you're dealing with some tough comps. Certainly, supply chain is something that we find our customers to be a lot more cautious today than they were a year ago. Growth drivers remain the same. So it is kind of tough to call when this changes, but the procedure volumes are up, so there is nothing going on there. We see some in-sourcing, but look these projects and products when they are given to a company, there is regulations, there are approvals, FDA approvals and all of these things that are associated with winning a project, it is very difficult for -- these businesses tend to be a lot more sticky let's put it that way. And so if you think about this, it is tough to call this when this is going to turn. We have strong -- these are small set of customers. This is not a broad thousands of customers. These are a handful of medical device customers that we have strong relationships with and we are in touch with them. We understand where things are. So I'm trying to paint the picture for you of the overall environment, but not giving you an exact answer I recognize that.
Jeffrey Hammond: No, that's okay. And then Atrion I just want to kind of unpack the deal impact. It seems like they did $169 million in '23. They were seeing high-single-digit growth. We only have kind of a stub quarter in the fourth quarter. But just what's kind of the next 12 months run rate of revenue we should think about? Where do we snap lines on EBITDA margins? How should we think about incremental interest, the amort add-back, D&A, et cetera? Just a little more color there.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So let me get -- paint some broad pictures and then Dan can take you through a little bit more detail, right. Broadly, you want to think about this as a mid-single-digit company. That's what this business is. You also want to think in terms of EBITDA margin performances, it is below their historical performance, mainly because of supply chain issues and some operational issues that they have had. We fully expect and our model recognizes and the synergies we have signed up for are based on the fact that we resolved many of these and over two years, right. Over the period of time, we have said we would achieve these synergies over a period of two years. We see a good path to achieving these synergies using NBS Next. I want to say somewhere in '26, this business gets back to Nordson-like EBITDA margins, which is what this business historical performance was. So let me give, with that sort of high level, Dan, if you want to add a little bit more color to the question Jeff has.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. And I guess what I'd say is a) there's no surprise based on their second quarter results versus what we expected to see in the business. I think it's right in line with our modeling. I think I would say as far as specific guidance for next year, give us a quarter, we've owned the business for a day. We know what we know, which is largely public information that you have access to as well. But again, nothing that we've seen surprises us. And in fact, we're very comfortable with the model that we had for the acquisition. We'll give a little more color on that as we give color to next year, next quarter.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Appreciate it.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird. Your line is open.
Michael Pesendorfer: Hey. Good morning, everyone. This is Pesen for Mike. I want to go back to the conservative order comment from the interventional side of the business. To be clear, is this incremental to the tough comps that we're expecting in the back half of this calendar year, is this simply a cost to carry inventory discussion? And then consequently, should we be expecting destocking in the near-term and a more normal cadence as customers kind of get to that new desired level of inventory. Is that how we should be thinking about that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. What I would tell you is that is what we are experiencing right now. If you think about last year, this business grew in the teens. Typically, this business grows anywhere from 6% to 8%. So growing at mid-teens, that's pretty high, right? And so what we are experiencing today in the orders is really in some adjustment to that. If you look at procedure volumes, look at our project activity, look at our product development work, we fundamentally believe that the long-term thesis of growth in this business is intact. Certainly, it is difficult to time. We see a certain amount of -- we do see some amount of slowness, right. So I want to be clear about what we're talking about. It is tough comps, but it also, we see slowness. And when -- as you think about when do we get out of this, certainly, there are some amount of device manufacturers thinking about their inventory levels and adjusting them to reasonable levels. Could that be an impact from interest rates? It's difficult for me to guess any of that. But I would say we do see a conservative, cautious order pattern from our medical device customers.
Michael Pesendorfer: Understood. That's helpful, Naga. And then maybe if we could stay on MFS a little bit. I think I may have missed it earlier on the call. Could you help me on the fluid components side? And then on EFD?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, EFD.
Michael Pesendorfer: Could you help me out a little bit on the trends there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure. EFD is doing well. Order entries are returning. We do see, I think we commented maybe a couple of quarters ago that this was one of those businesses where we're seeing early indicators of electronics customers starting to order more. This business is -- the order entry in this business is pretty encouraging and a lot of the work that they're doing in Asia-based electronic customers is pretty encouraging.
Michael Pesendorfer: Understood. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia from BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Edward Magi: Good morning, guys. This is Ed on for Andrew. Thanks for taking my questions. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned the mix of cash and debt to finance the deal, which puts you about 2 times to 2.5 times leverage closing 2024. With the strong free cash flow profile, leverage manageable, can you refresh us on how you're thinking about M&A? And more specifically, what remains in the pipeline? Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me start first and then Dan will sort of take over for a couple of other comments around capital deployment. Look, our commitment to organic growth and having a balanced acquisition-led growth remains the same. There's no change there. Our strategic and financial criteria for acquisition remain the same. We feel strongly about how we have been able to be disciplined around the strategic criteria for what acquisitions we're adding to the portfolio and pretty disciplined around the financial rigor on what we need to do with a particular acquisition that will allow us to deliver the returns we target. So our pipeline remains this you know remains pretty healthy. And we are open to many different types of deals and you've seen that over the past year and we continue to work the pipeline. Let me have Dan talk to you a little bit about leverage and capital deployment.
Daniel Hopgood: Yeah. Maybe just to add a couple of points. Our stated target has been 2 times to 2.5 times leverage long-term. And obviously with just completing the acquisition for Atrion, we'll be at the higher end of that, but that will be temporary. And maybe the best example to give you is we saw a similar thing happened last year when we acquired ARAG. And then as of the end of this quarter, we're back down to 1.6 times leverage. So we've got, obviously, plenty of capacity. And with our cash flow profile, as you point out, we can quickly delever. And as Naga mentioned, we have an active pipeline. And when the right deal comes along, we'll be ready to move forward.
Edward Magi: Great to hear. And then, Dan, back to you for this one. You've been CFO for about a quarter now. You come to a company which is at great progress and margin expansion. From your initial assessments, what areas are you seeing in the business as opportunities for further improvement from here?
Daniel Hopgood: I appreciate the question. I guess I'll say this and Naga and I spend a lot of time on our best opportunity as a company is continuing to grow organically, which is our major focus, right? Our margins are very healthy. Our cash flow is very healthy. Squeezing margins is not the best use of our time. Our time is better spent figuring out how to continue to grow the company organically and inorganically.
Edward Magi: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak from Seaport Research Partners. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Walter Liptak: Good quarter. Good morning. I want to ask kind of a follow-on to the IPS segment question and get some color around the stable sort of low-single-digit outlook for IPS. And I guess what I'm trying to get to is that we have seen other similar industrial companies kind of pauses in their industrial goods businesses, especially longer term kind of project businesses. So I wonder if you could provide just some more color around geographic regions, China, Europe versus North America. And you called out some growth areas, and I wonder how much of the focus from NBS Next helps you to gain market share in some of those growing markets as opposed to maybe some others that might be weaker.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Let's maybe give you some you know a little bit color into a couple of the divisions and where we're thinking. First and foremost, this is year four of NBS Next. Clearly, within our businesses, and IPS being one of those businesses, which where we first implemented and a couple of other MFS businesses to be implemented next. What you find here is, we operate in a diversified set of end market niches. And in some of these cases, particularly in IPS, what you find is certain end markets are have high demand or growing and having investments at a particular time. But over six quarters or 12 quarters, what you find is another end market application getting more demand and becoming more important for the growth of the business. So for each of our division leaders, understanding each of these end markets, end market niches and being agile and entrepreneurial in shifting resources from one end market to another to another is a great way for us to continue to participate in markets that are growing and the resource, for a period of time, markets that are not growing, right. So it is a dynamic set of end market niches that the teams are operating in. NBS Next allows them to be able to have clarity around those applications and be able to shift one to another. So that is, that certainly helps us, that allows us to have the steady performance, which you see on the outside. But within the company, within the divisions, you do see some markets doing well, others not doing so well. So that's one sort of dynamic that we've you know that's important to recognize. The second is, certainly, there are certain end markets like plastic processing, for example. We've had an incredible run for the last 2, maybe 2.5 years. And might you expect some modest pullback on those. Yes, there is a possibility. But overall, we are very pleased with how our teams are using NBS Next how -- because we constantly talk within the company the best opportunity for Nordson for our businesses is growth. And understanding your best customers, understanding your best market opportunities, deploying your differentiated products to those, that's the ticket to win. And so really these market conditions are dynamic and different, but I fundamentally believe our effective Ascend strategy with NBS Next and own a mindset, division-led structure that allows our teams to be entrepreneurial, certainly helps. The core strength of the company still remains the same, diversified end markets, systems and high-recurring revenues, close to the customer model, playing with differentiated products. All of these core strengths is what makes Nordson successful. I am incredibly proud of our team because at varying economic demand conditions, our team consistently over the last three years have delivered 30% plus EBITDA margins. And that is not same for everybody. In some cases, we've had to adjust costs. In some cases, we had to invest ahead of the curve. I think that kind of goes to speak to our Ascend strategy and NBS Next growth framework.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. Yeah, no doubt, the margin improvement has been there and it's good to see you're getting some, you're able to shift around to these different markets. Okay. Yeah, I guess maybe just to see if we can get some geographic thoughts, how you're seeing some of the Asian markets or Europe. I wonder if we can get any comments there.
Sundaram Nagarajan: If you think about different regions, still the US based markets have been the best and have been the strongest. If you near-term look at our businesses in Asia specific, particularly, they are benefiting from what we see in our electronics business. Our electronic businesses are coming back and so you see our Asia-Pac markets are recovering nicely. China is also doing well, but you also have some of our nonwoven customers, our OEM customers in China have been a source of strength for our businesses. So Europe is still in -- our organic growth there is a little weaker than our own -- but you have OEM customers there. Our parts revenues are pretty good, our system revenues a little bit. You also see in Europe is our ARAG impact is also -- because Europe ARAG is mostly a European business.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert from Loop Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Christopher Dankert: Hey. Morning, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Morning.
Christopher Dankert: I guess first, I guess, first off, if we could kind of look at backlog a little bit more. Can you just maybe give us some comments on how you see the complexion there, how the systems are kind of normalizing as a part of that mix? Would you agree there's still about $100 million or so left of kind of elevated backlog versus normal? Maybe just some commentary around how you see that piece of the business and then how that's progressing.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. If you think about our backlog, it's important to level set where the business was historically, right. Historically, it was around $400 million, $450 million. Of course, in this incredible period of time, the business has grown. So the scale at which we would expect a normalized or historically normalized backlog is different, right? But the other thing that has also changed is customer order patterns are different. In one example I would give you, in our medical businesses in the past, we used to get large blanket orders that go into our backlog. Well, that doesn't happen anymore. Our delivery performance has significantly improved. And so we certainly have customers starting to have an expectation that we can ship things much faster than we have ever in our history. So a couple of different dynamics. What we do see in our $640 million, $650 million backlog is, it is still weighted to our system businesses. But if you think about our regular businesses, which are book and ship type businesses, they've all returned to normal order entry, normal backlogs now for several quarters. So this is nothing new for us. We continue to, as our backlog comes down, it is really our system business backlog coming down.
Christopher Dankert: Got it. That's helpful color. Thank you, Naga. And then maybe just quickly on ARAG, forgive me if I missed it. Again, obviously, a little bit more weakness in that end market from a sales perspective. But just curious how you are seeing the margin performance in that business, how is the team handling the lower volumes? Any color would be great.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, the margin performance has been really good. The company is performing at Nordson-like EBITDA margin levels. And so we couldn't be more pleased with the team. I think we are focused on making sure we reinforce the things that we liked about the business and we like the technology. We like the market presence in Europe. We like the precision ag components that we are delivering to some of our largest customers. So it is really important, even in this downturn, staying focused on new product development, staying focused on customers that are going to generate the demand as the cycle comes back is where we are focused on. Most of the integration is pretty much done. We really like the team. The team is doing a wonderful. They're getting to know NBS Next. They're starting to have an enthusiasm on implementing it in their businesses. And we, as a company, are learning to operate in Italy, right. And it is a new geography for us, but we've been in Europe for a long time. We've been in Europe for decades in Germany and in UK. So this is adding a new country to our mix of businesses. So overall, integration going well, love the technology, great people. They are integrating well into the company, learning NBS Next, getting in our cadence of operations. So it's an exciting time. The market is not helping us. But I think that is temporary in my opinion. It will take time to come back. But we are prepared and we are focused on things that we need to be focused on and not letting distracted from a technology development perspective.
Christopher Dankert: Understood. Thanks so much for the detail, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Naga for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. The long-term profitable growth strategy that fuels our total shareholder value remains strong. We look forward to seeing you in person at our New York Investor Day on October 3rd, 2024. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-05-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Eric and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Stephen Shamrock, Chief Accounting Officer. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 21st to report Nordson's fiscal 2024 second quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 30 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday, May 28th, 2024. During this conference call, we will make references to non-GAAP financial metrics. We've provided a reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metrics in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to materially differ. Moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss second quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Steve to review sales and earnings performance for the total Company and the three business segments. Steve will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high level commentary about our end-markets and provide an update on the fiscal 2024 full year and third quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2024 second quarter conference call. Before we begin, I would like to welcome Dan Hopgood, our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to Nordson. Dan started with us yesterday. He brings more than 25 years of financial and operational expertise to the CFO role. Prior to joining Nordson, he held roles of increasing responsibility at Eaton Corporation, a $23 billion multinational power management company. Most recently, he served as Eaton's Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. As I got to know Dan, I was impressed with his robust financial experience, his time as an operational leader and his passion for developing talent. Today, he will be listening in and we look forward to introducing him to all of you in the coming months starting at the KeyBanc Industrials and Basic Materials Conference in Boston next week. Now let's shift into our second quarter earnings results on Slide 5. At the outset, I would like to recognize the dedicated Nordson team, who have leveraged the NBS Next Growth Framework to deliver solid second quarter result. Sales of $651 million were within our second quarter guidance range. Growth was driven by the ARAG acquisition as well as strong performance in our Industrial Coatings and Fluid Solutions product lines, which offset continued weakness in our electronics product lines. In addition, our focus on top customers and differentiated products improved product mix. This focus and strategically adjusting costs led to improvements in gross margins and top quartile EBITDA margin of 31%. In the quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.34, which was at the top end of our EPS guidance for the quarter. Finally, I'd like to highlight our second quarter free cash flow of $108 million, which was 92% of net income. We continue to convert earnings into cash flow and use this cash flow to retire nearly $100 million of debt within the quarter. I'll speak more about the enterprise performance in a few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Stephen Shamrock: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide number 6, you'll see second quarter fiscal 2024 sales were $651 million, a slight increase to the prior year's second quarter sales of $650 million. This was driven by a favorable 5% benefit from the ARAG acquisition, partially offset by an organic sales decrease of 4% and an unfavorable foreign exchange impact of 1%. As Naga referenced, strength in our Industrial Coating Systems and Fluid Solutions product lines were offset by an ongoing weakness in our electronics product lines. Gross profit performance was strong in the second quarter. We delivered gross profit margins in excess of 56%, an approximately 200 basis point improvement over the prior year. Deploying our NBS Next Growth Framework, we are focusing on top products, driving a favorable product mix and product simplification efforts to improve manufacturing efficiency. We also remain disciplined on managing our cost structure and taking actions where necessary. EBITDA, adjusted for special items in both periods, totaled $203 million or 31% of sales, which was consistent with the prior year. Improved gross margins were offset by higher selling and administrative costs, attributable primarily to the addition of ARAG. Looking at non-operating expenses, net interest expense increased $9 million, associated with higher debt levels and increased interest rates. Other expenses net decreased $1 million, primarily related to lower foreign exchange losses compared to the prior year. Tax expense was $31 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which is in line with the prior year rate and our guidance range for 2024. Net income in the quarter totaled $118 million or $2.05 per share. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding $2 million of nonrecurring cost reduction actions and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles of $19 million totaled $2.34 per share, a 4% decrease from the prior year adjusted earnings per share amount of $2.45. The decrease in earnings was driven primarily by higher interest expense due to the ARAG acquisition. Now let's turn to Slide 7 through 9 to review the second quarter 2024 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $367 million increased 9% compared to the prior year second quarter, driven by the ARAG acquisition, as well as increased sales in our industrial coating systems and packaging product lines. Organic sales increased 2% over the prior year second quarter, continuing to build upon a record fiscal 2023 for the segment, partially offset by an unfavorable foreign exchange impact of 1%. This segment has now delivered organic growth in 12 of the last 14 quarters. EBITDA was $132 million in the second quarter or 36% of sales, an increase of 11% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $119 million. The increase in EBITDA was driven primarily by the ARAG acquisition, plus organic sales growth and gross margin improvement in the base business. It's also worth highlighting that this quarter marks 13 out of 14 consecutive quarters of EBITDA growth. On Slide 8, you'll see Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $169 million increased 2% compared to the prior year second quarter, driven by modest growth in fluid and medical interventional solutions product lines. This was partially offset by lower sales in our medical fluid components product lines versus last year. Despite the year-over-year decrease, we did see a modest increase in the medical fluid component sales sequentially. Second quarter EBITDA was $63 million or 37% of sales, which was flat to the prior year EBITDA of $63 million, which excluded $1.5 million of special items for cost reduction actions. This segment has now delivered EBITDA margins greater than 35% in 13 of the last 14 quarters. Turning to Slide 9, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $115 million, a 22% decrease compared to the prior year second quarter. The decrease in sales was driven by continued weakness across the segment, primarily related to products serving electronics end-markets. Second quarter EBITDA was $24 million or 21% of sales, which trailed the prior year second quarter EBITDA of $32 million, which excluded special items of $2 million related to cost reduction actions in both periods. While the reduction in EBITDA was tied to the overall decrease in volume, favorable mix and cost reduction actions contributed to 22% decremental margins. This is well ahead of our decremental target of approximately 55%. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 10. At the end of the second quarter, we had cash of $125 million and net debt was $1.4 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of 1.7 times based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Free cash flow was $108 million or a 92% conversion rate on net income. We strategically deployed this strong cash flow in the quarter. We repaid $100 million of revolver debt and paid $39 million in dividends during the quarter. For modeling purposes for the full fiscal year, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22%, capital expenditures of approximately $40 million to $50 million, and net interest expense of $74 million to $77 million. In summary, we delivered another strong financial performance in the second quarter in line with our expectations. We'll now move to Slide 11, and I'll turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Steve. I also want to commend the business for delivering strong operating performance under a challenging demand environment in some of our segments. This is a testament to how NBS Next is becoming the way we run our business. I want to spend a few minutes talking about our end-markets and the changes we are seeing as we move into the second half of fiscal 2024. Starting with Industrial Precision Solutions segment. We continue to see steadiness in industrial and consumer non-durable end-markets. After two years of record growth, our full year guidance implies IPS excluding ARAG is about flat to slightly up versus prior year. And while the ARAG integration continues to go well, we cannot ignore the impact of weakening agriculture and market conditions. Despite the weakening of this particular agricultural cycle, which is causing customers to pause spending and work through inventory, we are undeterred in our belief that precision agriculture is a high growth end-market and this cycle is temporary in nature. Based on the past nine months of integration, we remain excited about ARAG's differentiated technology and value proposition that will help customers boost crop yields while sustainably reducing the expensive usage of fertilizers and chemicals. Within our Medical and Fluid Solutions Segment, we are continuing to see modest order entry pickup in our fluid components business, which is returning to growth following last year's biopharma destocking. Similarly, our fluid solutions product lines, which have exposure to the electronic cycle, are turning positive. Our medical interventional solution product lines, which grew double-digits in fiscal 2023, driven by the trends in minimally invasive therapies and the aging of population, we have tough comparisons in the second half of the year. In the ATS segment, we continue to see positive early indicators of the electronic cycle inflection, but we're not seeing order entry pickup that would support the implied ramp in our prior second half guidance, keeping in mind, the semiconductor sub-segment, Nordson applications are largely positioned at the back end of the manufacturing process with a focus on advanced packaging of semiconductor chips. Currently, investments are being made in the front end of the semiconductor manufacturing process related to fabrication and processing of silicon wafers. As production shifts towards converting the wafers to individual chips and advanced packaging of these chips, customers will invest in Nordson Electronics dispense and test and inspection technology. Overall, we will benefit from the increasing demand for chips in support of AI, automotive electronics, onshoring, CHIPS Act and more. While our test and inspection businesses are positioned to improve the yields and ensure quality of these critical and expensive CHIPS, our X-ray business, which experienced double-digit growth in fiscal 2023 is dealing with challenging comparisons in the second half of the year. Our ATS leaders continue to do an excellent job of implementing the NBS Next Growth Framework and positioning themselves for future growth. This includes positioning operations closer to the customer, introducing differentiated new products and making strategic cost adjustments. ATS ability to outperform their decremental targets again this quarter is a testament to this work. Turning now to our outlook on Slide 12. We enter the third quarter with approximately $700 million in backlog. This backlog remains concentrated in our systems businesses while customer order entry patterns have returned to historical norms in the rest of the businesses. Based on the current visibility I just shared and order entry trends, we are updating our previously issued full year revenue guidance in the range of flat to up 2% over record fiscal 2023. Full year fiscal 2024 earnings are forecasted to be in the range of down 5% to down 1% per diluted share. This full year guidance assumes a neutral impact from FX rates and the ARAG acquisition contributing approximately 3.5% growth at the midpoint of our guidance. Investors should keep in mind that we anniversary the acquisitive growth impact of ARAG in the fiscal fourth quarter. For the third quarter of fiscal 2024, sales are forecasted to be in the range of $645 million to $670 million with adjusted earnings in the range of $2.25 per diluted share to $2.40 per diluted share. Third quarter guidance considers weaker electronics and agriculture end-markets. Even as we face more challenging market conditions, Nordson's core strength remain a diversified portfolio close to the customer business model, high level of recurring revenue, NBS Next Growth Framework and a commitment to innovation. All of this positions Nordson well to deliver long-term Ascend Strategy goals. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause, and Steve and I will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Stephen Shamrock: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Halloran: So a couple of questions here. Naga, maybe you could just talk to what's assumed in guidance as you work through the year from an end-market recovery? I certainly understand the electronics piece and the ag piece. You look at the implied fourth quarter ramp, it's still probably a little above seasonality. So wondering if you still have some of those systems and projects hitting in the fourth quarter or if that's been pushed to next year? And thoughts about any sustainability of the packaging piece and how you think the biopharma is going to recover? So basically just maybe lay out how you think the end-markets track as we work through the remainder of the year and what's assumed in guidance?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, let's get started with IPS. The guidance really -- maybe start with the first two big hits and then we'll go through the end-markets, Mike. So the first -- the two factors which you highlighted is that, we're not seeing the pickup in orders for electronic systems that we had expected with the implied second half ramp. So that's number one. Number two is the agriculture cycle is having a greater impact on ARAG than our own expectation. So timing is just -- there is not enough time here to achieve the ramp we had originally expected. In terms of end-markets, if you think about IPS non-ARAG, our expectation is going to be flat to slight growth following record two years. In terms of -- ARAG continues to contribute to the growth of the business. In terms of ATS, certainly the growths are below our long-term growth rates. We're not seeing the pickup as we talked about. In terms of Medical Fluid Solutions, our expectation is that our fluid components business will be slightly up. Our fluid solutions business would also be slightly up offset by tough comps on the interventional components. So in summary, you're going to have IPS flat to slightly up, ATS down, MFS returning to growth slightly.
Michael Halloran: So thanks for that. Following up on that then, are you assuming any sort of pickup in some of those stressed markets or any sort of backlog let out in any of those stressed markets in the fourth quarter? In other words, just trying to understand how derisked some of those stressed points are in the guidance as we work through the rest of the year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. What I'll tell you is that, if you think about our fourth quarter is does not expect -- does not require electronics to come back, does not expect ARAG to come back. So if you think about those two stressed markets. But what is expected though is sequential continued improvement in both these markets. So we saw that in second quarter, both electronics, ATS is sequentially up. And so that's our expectation.
Michael Halloran: So in other words, the sequentials from here are relatively stable versus a normal sequential pattern in your mind in those markets?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah.
Stephen Shamrock: Mike.
Sundaram Nagarajan: What we're seeing is order entry. Yeah, go ahead, Steve, maybe provide some more.
Stephen Shamrock: No, I was going to say, Mike, that I think you're spot on there, because if you also look at sequential growth, we had 11% growth last year from Q3 to Q4, and our midpoint basically implies around 8% growth this year. So Q4 is usually seasonally our strongest quarter. So I think that aligns with how we're thinking about it.
Michael Halloran: Great. Really appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
James Heaney: Good morning. This is James on for Saree. Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to kind of follow up on the ARAG. So can you kind of provide more color on kind of increased pressure? Because I know you guys said that you guys have a high recurring revenue here. And kind of when do you expect to see an inflection point in the ag market? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: In general, this market is expected to be down this year. And we expect this turnaround sometime in '25, but we're not really giving any guidance on '25. So difficult to tell you exactly when that will happen. But our guidance does not imply any pickup in ag, agriculture markets this year.
James Heaney: Got it. And kind of wanted to follow up on the, like the strong gross margin performance here, like despite flat revenue growth. So how should we think about like gross margin for the remainder of the year? Thank you.
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah. No. So what I would tell you and that really kind of ties back to our, what I would call, very strong Q2 performance, right? Basically, from a sales standpoint with Q2, we came in really where we expected from a sales standpoint. We came in with $651 million of sales in Q2. And that was -- when we gave the guidance for Q2, we assumed currency neutral. So if you add back about a $5 million unfavorable impact of FX, we basically came in spot on near the midpoint of our guidance. And we actually were at the high end of our guidance in Q2 because of the gross margin performance that you referenced there. And the way I would think about that is we really had a strong performance in margins for a number of factors in Q2, right? We had a very strong mix, I would tell you in Q2, whether it was parts versus sales that was very strong. We had good customer mix and even mix within product lines. And also had, we referenced in our earlier comments, manufacturing efficiencies and cost controls. How I would think about gross margins going forward? I think I mentioned this on a previous call, we're not focused on gross margin expansion. Our long-term focus is really to maintain the gross margins that we have. So I do think what you saw in Q2 was a mix than normal. So that's how I would think about that going forward. I wouldn't expect as favorable of a mix in the balance of the year.
James Heaney: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a question on ARAG. I remember back to when you did the call, is it related to the acquisition? You seem pretty convinced that this business would be less impacted by a down ag cycle, and clearly, that's not the case here. So what I guess have you learned over the last couple of quarters about ARAG and how indeed tied to the cycle that business seemingly is? And to that point, you mentioned inventory destocking. I assume that's at the OEM level. But correct me if I'm wrong. How long do you think that destock lasts?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, you're right, Matt, in that, our expectations that this business would have been less muted because of the precision ag exposure, certainly did not play out the way our expectations were. But look, what is really important to remember is, we still like the technology. We like the people we have added to the organization. Certainly a very interesting end-market. If you look at expectations of some of the OEMs, the precision ag itself is down or expected to be down 20%, 25%. So even if you think about our expectations where precision AG was going to continue to grow through the cycle, that has not worked out the way it is. In terms of inventory destocking, remember, 40% of this business is aftermarket parts. And those aftermarket parts go through distribution. They're not direct sale. So they don't go through the OEM, they go through a distributor, and there is some level of inventory destocking that is going on in ARAG.
Matt Summerville: Got it. With respect to, you'd mentioned kind of last conference call, the Canary businesses, and I mean that in a positive light, with respect to electronics showing some signs of life. Are you concerned that maybe those are no longer good leading indicators for a broader upturn in the electronics side? And could you maybe just put a finer point on how those businesses, those Canary businesses, if you will, performed in the second quarter and how inbound order activity has been looking there? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Both the businesses continue to strengthen in the trends that we mentioned in our first quarter. So we're continuing -- we remain convinced, both those are very good leading indicators. And the reason, I'll tell you is those are two separate indicators. For example, the one we talked about was the UV lamp businesses, a niche product line in one of our businesses. That is in the front end of the semiconductor process where we sell to large machine builders. That continues to strengthen, the forecasts have actually increased. That lines up with what you see front end semiconductors growing nicely. So you see that. But you also see on finished electronic products, you're continuing to see greater usage of existing lines. So this is the consumables from EFD. Those continue to strengthen. So both those are still strong. I think what it is not getting translated is that you would immediately see a system business pickup. And that's the translation that is getting delayed. We're not concerned that this is -- this doesn't indicate that the cycle is going to turn. It is more an uncertainty in this CapEx spend in electronics that we are seeing. So it is more related to the CapEx investment rather than does the cycle has not turned or not. So hopefully, that helps you.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Appreciate it. Thanks, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Stephen Shamrock: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Well, I wanted to follow up on a little different cross section for the electronic cycle. I'm curious if you could speak directly to the differences you're seeing in electronics processing versus T&I broadly? And then if any interesting nuances in the different test and inspection modalities?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay. All right. I think if you -- let's just first start with EPS and T&I. EPS systems continued to be -- in the quarter continued to be lower in line with the ATS levels, right? So down 20% or so. And in the T&I business, I'll remind you that last year, we had some significant growth in those business. So what we are facing on our X-ray business is a tough comp. Among the other T&I business on our optical business, we have our sensors that go into the front end of the market, which is called a wafer sense product line, that is continuing to grow nicely. It is a small part of the business, but it is growing nicely. The acoustic test and inspection part of the business is also growing, which is more on the front end and on some new memory applications. The optical side, the parts are fine, the systems are behind. So we fundamentally still believe the test and inspection business will be lower declines when compared to our dispense business. What you've got mixed in there is some tough comps in our X-ray business. In all of these cases, the teams are doing an incredible job, doing three things. One, they are certainly strengthening their delivery and quality performances. They're moving manufacturing closer to our customers. So we've got a new manufacturing and distribution location coming up in India to support our electronic customers who are shifting focus into India. Third, we have very exciting new products that are being released by our test and inspection business. Our new MXI Liner products are well received in the marketplace. We've got a new updated software for our AXI business that is hitting the market. And in our dispense business, you certainly see our vantage product as well as new coating product lines, again, all hitting the market. So we're using this time to really position the business for growth.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks. And then a similar one in IPS. Wondering if you could go into the state of phasing of demand and comparisons for the polymer and adhesives general assembly pieces. I think coatings stood out as maybe the strongest piece in the quarter for non-ARAG IPS.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, our coatings business is doing an incredible market demand and really delivering on the growth opportunities. So we're very happy about the performance there. If you think about our adhesive business in general, 12 out of 13 quarters or 12 out of 14 quarters, we have been growing. So pretty strong growth. Our expectation is still, as we finish the year, we would be flat to slightly up. So that is in a good spot. Particularly our packaging part of our business is doing incredibly well. If you think about our plastics business, again, you've had record growth in those businesses for the last two years. And this year, they would face some tough comp and so that will be slightly lower. We don't talk about sales by individual divisions, but generally speaking, what I will tell you is our plastic business is slightly lower -- slightly lower than their record last two years, right? So hopefully, that gives you enough color around the different businesses.
Christopher Glynn: Yeah, terrific. Thank you, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And one last thing I would add in our adhesive business, certainly, parts are significantly up when compared to our system businesses. This is some of the -- this is one of the reasons when we talk -- when Steve talks about sales mix, certainly, this was very helpful.
Christopher Glynn: Yeah, you're saying less system sales in the quarter was sort of neutralized by really strong recurring revenue growth?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, recurring revenue growth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Loop Capital. Please go ahead.
Christopher Dankert: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I guess just return to ARAG for a moment. Given that agriculture markets kind of come off peak here, is there any risk around the expected synergies for that deal? And maybe just how do we think about the cost structure of that business in the context of the current slowdown here?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, I think there are, if you remember, when we acquired ARAG, this is a complete new division for the Company. Hence, there were no cost synergies baked into our valuation model. It was mostly based on our ability to continue to grow with the market. Clearly, with the market being down and our own expectations that it wouldn't follow the market, not panning out the way we had expected, certainly puts the sales part of our plan behind. But I'd still remind you, great technology, great end-market with precision agriculture, long-term solid growth opportunities for us as a Company, market leader in Europe, market leader in South America, two big geographies. Certainly, we have opportunities as we think about North America. We fully acknowledge that our existing competitors will do a nice job in North America, but we do believe that is an opportunity for us to continue to think about it.
Christopher Dankert: I think that was just kind of my -- the crux of my question. When you brought it on board, there was no really expectation of a slowdown. There was no cost side to the economics there, I guess, has that. It doesn't sound like that has changed. It sounds like we're just going to kind of manage through here. We're not contemplating any sort of adjustment to the decrementals on that business?
Sundaram Nagarajan: No. If you think about this business, even with the reduction in revenue, their profit margins are north of the Company's margins.
Christopher Dankert: Got it. Got it. Perfect. Thank you so much for the color there. And I think just for my follow-up, on the electronics side of the business, particularly on the electronics processing within ATS, the shorthand, at least for me, has always kind of been that's the handset cycle. Is there anything else that's kind of weighing down that business right now beyond handsets or is that still kind of the main driver there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Chris, I mean, over the last four years, five years, we certainly have moved away from the handset as an important driver in that business. Handset is still a small part of the business, but really, semiconductor advanced packaging is where this business is growing, and in components such as camera modules and things like that. Automotive electronics also has become a bigger part of the business. So it's no longer just a handset business, it is semiconductor, automotive electronics, and a small handset presence still.
Christopher Dankert: Got it. Yeah, well, thanks so much for the color, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Research. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. And, yeah, I just want to try a couple of follow-ups on ARAG. You talked about the market in Europe, Latin America. Are all the markets getting hit the same way by the cycle?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. If you look at some of the market reports that are out there, pretty much across the world, the market cycle seems to be in that down 20% to 25%, and that is North America, that is Europe, that is South America and even precision ag, which was typically a growth engine.
Walter Liptak: Okay, thanks for that. And then a follow-up is that -- is the precision ag market is -- what's different about this cycle, where precision ag is slowing? Is it related to destocking or something?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think that is some amount of destocking, but that is also -- we are -- I tell you our knowledge of agriculture when compared to our knowledge of electronics or industrial non-durable is sort of -- obviously, we've been in this business for a short period of time, so our knowledge is not as deep as we would have in other end-markets, but our understanding is that there is some amount of destocking, but there is certainly some hesitancy in investing in large implements even. And so that is what you're seeing is that reduction in OEM. And this is unique, because as we looked at this business and evaluated it, one of the things we were -- we did a lot of work around is to understand the relationship between cycle and this business's performance. And this seems a little bit unique when compared to their prior performance. So we're still figuring it out, but I will tell you that it is impacting us more than we had expected. And it is impacting us and that's what our current situation is. And we still like the products. We still like the people. We're still working on continuing to integrate the business, which is going really well. And I think that's kind of where we are at with ARAG.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thank you for that color. And just as the -- I guess a follow-up question is on the electronics part of the business. You mentioned that there's a timing issue between the front end and the back end. Can you help educate us just how long is that? Is it measured in months or years? How should we think of that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, we don't -- by now, right, look, based on our expectations in the first quarter, we had expected that this would follow quickly or thereafter. That has not happened. So our guidance doesn't imply a significant pickup in electronic market for the rest of the year. And as we approach 2025, we will be in a better place to provide you more color as to when it might actually pick up. But I think what is important to remember is that we have derisked our outlook for electronics for the rest of the year.
Walter Liptak: Okay. That sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Hello.
Andrew Buscaglia: I wanted to go back to the ATS segment. Just given the nature of Nordson having a more direct sales model, it gives investors a lot of confidence in what you guys are saying. But what is that these customers are saying to you that's making it so difficult to predict when the spend is going to move forward?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it's a great question, Andrew. What I will tell you is that none of the projects we are working on with our customers that somebody come to us and said, look, this is all off the table, it is canceled. That is not the case. We continue to work with our customers on projects and opportunities as they bring on new technologies for AI, as they bring on more technologies for much smaller, much more complicated chips than we had. So that work, the project work continues, but what it is not translated is from that project work into system orders, it is not translated yet, nor have people completely canceled projects either, right? So we are sort of in this middle time, call it uncertainty, and I can only talk to you about what we're seeing in terms of customer sort of actions rather than what is the broader trend here. There seems to be a reluctance in translating work that they're doing into systems sales or systems orders, right? We continue to do well on our parts, but there seems to be some reluctance, and not exactly understand the core reasons as to why our customers have reluctance, but there is reluctance.
Andrew Buscaglia: Maybe to dig in a little bit deeper, regionally is there something unusual going on like, is one region worse than the other? And I'm thinking China here. I don't know just, what are you seeing by geography, I guess?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, we're not seeing significantly different behavior from geography, geography. We still -- we work with all of the major semiconductor manufacturers. There are -- it's not like -- obviously, we continue to sequentially grow. Sequentially, we have better order entry. So it is not like we're continuing to decline or we're not -- we're just flat in the bottom. We're starting to come out. It is just not as fast as we had hoped. I think that is probably what you need to take away is that our reduction in guidance is mainly because we had a far steeper implied ramp in our second half. That's not happening. And that is not happening because the orders we are getting are not at the same rate as we had hoped. It is at a little flatter rate than we had hoped for. And we don't see a whole lot of difference in regions. Clearly, when compared to last year, activity in Asia has picked up that we can tell you, right? Certainly, Southeast Asia is better than China for us, and that's just for us. Certainly, our automotive, electronics customers in Mexico are significantly better for us. Europe is okay. So that's -- broadly that's how we think about the ATS business.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thanks, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, so just if we step back and think about capital allocation, I think you guys have kind of been on the wrong side of cycle timing around CyberOptics and ARAG now. And I'm just wondering how you think about cyclicality and timing as you kind of look at deals going forward?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it's a fair question and we have spent time thinking about this. We certainly need to put that into part of our equation as we think about acquisitions and deals. But having said that, I would tell you the technology behind each of these deals are spot on for us as a Company to continue to expand our portfolio of precision technologies. We certainly have short-term pressure because of the market conditions, but we believe that the long-term drivers in both these spaces are pretty sound and we like the technologies we have and the people we've added. Finally, what I'll tell you, it's not offered as an excuse, if you so will, right? But it is -- we really don't control when high-quality assets come to market. We continue to remain focused on our strategy of building strong precision technology portfolio, continue to deploy NBS Next. And we believe the long-term strategic fit of these businesses, and I know as we get past these market conditions, we're going to be incredibly happy that these are part of Nordson portfolio. So I think it's a fair question you asked, but that's what we're working on.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Appreciate the color there, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure.
Jeffrey Hammond: Just on decremental margins in the second half, I mean, you guys have done a pretty good job with NBS Next kind of limiting the decrementals, but I think at least in our model initially, we have pretty severe decrementals. So just maybe how you're thinking about decrementals and holding the line?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. If you think about decrementals, I think we think about decrementals inside the Company mostly for our core businesses that is probably the best apples-to-apples comparison. And if you look at our core business apples-to-apples decrementals were pretty strong in the quarter. But if you look at the total companies, given ARAG performance where you have lower sales, yet you have the full load of SG&A, your decrementals at the total Company level will look skewed. But without ARAG, we had some pretty strong decrementals. And if you're looking for a number -- you're looking for a number, sorry, Steve, you want to go at that?
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah, no, no, I was just going to say, Jeff, what I'd also focus on too is just our EBITDA margins as well, right? I mean, we -- I think we've been very successful in terms of generating strong EBITDA margins. I mean, even Q2 is the fifth quarter in a row where we had EBITDA margins, 31% or higher. And the last three years, we've delivered 30% or more EBITDA margins. And I think we're obviously well on our way to do that again here in 2024.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And in the core businesses, Jeff, if you're asking for, what is a target decremental, it is about 50 to 55. I would use 55, which is sort of in line with our gross margins, because we want to stay invested in our precision technology innovation, we want to stay invested in our direct customer model. That is what we have done in the past and that's what we will continue to do. But if you really put all of this in perspective, right? If you look at our full year, we're still -- our midpoint is -- essentially implies a 1% growth over a record 2023. We're still expecting that we will deliver 31% plus EBITDA margins. We will still convert pretty strong on net income to free cash flow. In the quarter, we converted about 92%. So from an operational perspective, yes, the teams are dealing with some market conditions, but the operational performance of the Company is in a pretty good place and we continue to do that in this environment.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, great. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Naga for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our solid second quarter operating performance reflects the strength of our diversified markets, close to the customer model, differentiated precision technologies and rigorous implementation of NBS Next Growth Framework. We remain focused on the deployment of the Ascend Strategy that positions us well for long-term profitable growth. With that in mind, we are excited to announce that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York on Thursday, October 3rd, 2024. We'll be sharing more information about the details of the event this summer, but please save the date on your calendars for the afternoon of October 3rd. Again, I want to thank Nordson's employees for their commitment, which makes these results possible. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-02-22 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Krista and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson First Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the conference over to Lara Mahoney. Lara, you may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO, and Stephen Shamrock, Vice President, Corporate Controller and Interim Chief Financial Officer.  We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, February 22 to report Nordson's Fiscal 2024 first quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com\investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 30 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Thursday, February 29, 2024. During this conference call, we will make references to non-GAAP financial metrics. We've provided a reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric in the press release issued yesterday.  Before we begin, please refer to slide 2 of our presentation where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to materially differ.  Moving to today's agenda on slide 3, Naga will discuss first quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Steve to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. He will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high level commentary about our enterprise performance. He will conclude with an update on the fiscal 2024 full year and second quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions.  With that, I'll turn to slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan : Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson fiscal 2024 first quarter conference call. At the outset, I'd like to recognize the dedicated Nordson team who leverage the NBS Next growth framework to deliver solid first quarter results.  Sales of $633 million were near the top of our first quarter guidance range. This was driven by strong performance in our medical interventional, industrial coatings and polymer processing product lines, which more than offset continued weakness in our electronics product lines.  In addition, our focus on top customers and differentiated products improved product mix. This focus, in addition to simplifying and strategically adjusting costs, led to strong incremental margins, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $2.21. This exceeded our EPS guidance for the quarter.  Finally, I'd like to highlight our first quarter free cash flow of $165 million, which was 150% of net income. This was a new first quarter record.  I would also like to recognize the steady progress of our ARAG integration, which contributed to our sales and EBITDA margin performance in the quarter. We continue to be excited about the technology and precision agriculture end market as well as the engagement and energy of our new employees.  I'll speak more about the enterprise performance in few minutes, but, first, I'll turn the call over to Steve to provide detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Stephen Shamrock : Thank you, Naga. And good morning to everyone. On slide number 5, you'll see first quarter fiscal 2024 sales were $633 million, an increase of 4% compared to the prior year's first quarter sales of $610 million. This was driven by a favorable 5% benefit from the ARAG acquisition, partially offset by an organic decrease of 2%.  Consistent with prior quarters, the organic sales decrease was primarily volume, partially offset by price as we continue to pass through year-over-year cost inflation. As Naga referenced, strength in our industrial and medical product lines were offset by ongoing weakness in our electronics product lines.  Gross profit excluding non-recurring inventory step up amortization in both periods totaled $351 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 compared to $333 million in the prior year first quarter. This improvement in adjusted gross margin of approximately 100 basis points reflect the combination of factors. With our NBS Next growth framework, we are focusing on top products driving a favorable product mix. During the quarter, we also had higher parts sales and improved factory efficiencies, which helped drive the year-over-year improvements.  As we execute the Ascend strategy and build scale through strategic acquisitions, EBITDA is increasingly important as a key profitability metric. EBITDA, adjusted for acquisition related items in both periods, totaled $197 million or 31% of sales, a 9% increase over the prior year EBITDA of $181 million, driven by improved gross margins and cost controls as well as contribution from the ARAG acquisition.  Looking at non-operating expenses, net interest expense increased $10 million associated with higher debt levels and increased interest rates. Other net expenses decreased $3 million, primarily related to lower foreign exchange losses compared to the prior year.  Tax expense was $29 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which is in line with the prior year rate and our guidance range for 2024.  Net income in the quarter totaled $110 million or $1.90 per share. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding non-recurring acquisition costs and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles of $23 million, totaled $2.21 per share, a 3% increase from the prior year adjusted earnings per share amount of $2.14. This improvement continues to demonstrate the benefits of our successful execution of the Ascend strategy.  Now let's turn to slide 6 through 8 to review the first quarter 2024 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $355 million increased 14% compared to the prior year first quarter, driven by the ARAG acquisition, as well as increased sales in our industrial coatings, polymer processing and non-wovens businesses. Organic sales increased 2% over the prior year first quarter, continuing to build upon a record fiscal 2023 for this segment.  EBITDA, excluding ARAG acquisition related costs, was $126 million in the first quarter or 36% of sales, an increase of 16% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $109 million. The increase in EBITDA was driven primarily by the ARAG acquisition, plus the organic sales growth of the base business.  It's worth highlighting that this quarter marks 12 out of 13 consecutive quarters of EBITDA growth and 11 of 13 quarters of organic year-over-year sales growth.  On slide 7, you'll see Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $160 million increase 3% compared to the prior year's first quarter, driven by another quarter of double-digit growth in our medical interventional solutions product line, offsetting softness in our medical fluid components and fluid solutions product line.  During the quarter, we started to anniversary the weakness of last year's biopharma destocking, which was a significant headwind for this segment in fiscal 2023.  First quarter EBITDA was $60 million or 37% of sales, which is an increase of $7 million compared to the prior year EBITDA of $53 million or 34% of sales. The 300 basis point improvement in EBITDA margin over the first quarter of 2023 is due primarily to a combination of factory efficiency gains and cost actions, coupled with leveraging the organic growth in medical interventional solutions.  Turning to slide 8, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $119 million, an 18% decrease compared to the prior year first quarter. The decrease in sales was driven by weakness across the segment, primarily electronics dispense products serving semiconductor end markets.  First quarter EBITDA was $22 million or 19% of sales, which trailed the prior year first quarter EBITDA of $31 million, excluding acquisition related costs. While the reduction in EBITDA was tied to the overall decrease in volume, favorable mix and cost reduction actions contributed to 32% decremental margins on adjusted operating profits. This is ahead of our decremental target of approximately 55%.  Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on slide 9. At the end of the first quarter, we had cash of $136 million and net debt was $1.5 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of 1.8 times based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities.  I also want to highlight our strong cash flow performance. Free cash flow was $165 million, a first quarter record and $51 million improvement from the prior year. As a percentage of that income, free cash flow was 150% in the quarter.  We strategically deployed the strong cash flow in the quarter. We repaid $107 million of debt, paid $39 million in dividends, and spent $3 million on share repurchases under our 10b5-1 plan, buying back approximately 15,000 shares of company stock at an average price of $212 per share.  For modeling purposes for the full fiscal year, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22%, capital expenditures of approximately $40 million to $50 million, and net interest expense of $74 million to $78 million.  I want to thank the Nordson team for all of their efforts in delivering another strong quarter.  We will now turn to slide 10 and I'll turn the call back to Naga. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Steve. The Nordson team is getting off to a good start to the fiscal 2024. As I travel to our sites, I had the privilege of witnessing the impact of Ascend strategy in building a stronger Nordson that is delivering robust operating performance.  Nordson is sustaining market leading positions in diversified end markets through our close to the customer business model and differentiated precision technology. Now, NBS Next has become a new core strength and is manifested in how we operate our businesses.  Using data, our teams have a crystal clear view of the profitable growth opportunities in each division. Coupled with an entrepreneurial owner mindset, they are making choices on where they should prioritize growth, as well as where they must simplify.  For example, the industrial coatings team worked with a significant automotive customer on a new electric battery application. They worked closely with the customer and were able to meet its needs with a standard product. Our efforts to standardize top product configurations and eliminate complex customization drove agile execution, shortening lead times and allowing them to be more responsive to the dynamic changes in customer needs.  Our medical interventional solutions team has identified its top products and implemented a visual demand based manufacturing or Kanban-based manufacturing system for their products. This has led to significant improvement in their on-time delivery performance over the last six months.  The team had a big win when one of our medical device customers placed a large order and the team was able to respond quickly, serving dynamic changes in demand and delighting this top customer.  As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, the decisions our teams are making to focus on top products serves our customers well, enhances our product mix and improves our gross margins. In addition, their work on simplification resulted in strategic cost actions that contributed to our profitability in this quarter.  It is exciting to see NBS Next becoming a competitive advantage for Nordson and how the steady deployment across Nordson is positively impacting our financial results.  Our end markets are performing as expected at the start of our fiscal year. Industrial and consumer non-durable end markets are steady. The ARAG integration is going well and the team contributed to our sales and EBITDA margin performance in the quarter.  Our medical interventional solutions product lines continue to grow double-digits, buoyed by trends in non-invasive surgeries and the aging population. We have now anniversaried the negative impact of biopharma destocking that was a headwind in fiscal 2023.  We're seeing modest pickup in order entry within the fluid components product lines, which we are monitoring closely. Our guidance does not expect any significant pickup in biopharma growth short term. Our product lines exposed to the semiconductor electronics cycle experienced a weaker demand, as expected in the first quarter.  We remain very positive about the growth opportunities driving the next electronics cycle, including AI, automotive electronics, onshoring, CHIPS Act, and more. While we fully expected to see benefits of those opportunities in the second half of calendar 2024, we now realize it may be closer to the end of the year.  As the year progresses, we plan to provide investors with better visibility to what we have seen in the market. Through all of this, our ATS leaders have done a very good job of implementing the NBS Next growth framework and positioning themselves for future growth.  This includes positioning operations closer to the customer, focusing on differentiated product innovation, and making strategic cost adjustments. ATS ability to outperform their decremental targets in the quarter is a testament to this work.  Turning now to our outlook on slide 11. We enter the second quarter with approximately $750 million in backlog. This backlog remains concentrated in our systems businesses while customer order entry patterns have returned to historical norms in the rest of the businesses.  Based on current visibility and order entry trends, we are narrowing our previously issued full year revenue growth to 4% to 7% over record fiscal 2023. Full-year fiscal 2024 earnings are forecasted to be in the range of 2% to 7% growth per diluted share. This full year guidance continues to assume a neutral impact from FX rates and the ARAG acquisition contributing approximately 5% growth at the midpoint of guidance.  While we have raised the low end of our guidance, the lower midpoint of the range now assumes recovery of the semiconductor electronics end markets begins in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.  For the second quarter of fiscal 2024, sales are forecasted to be in the range of $645 million to $670 million, with adjusted earnings in the range of $2.20 to $2.35 per diluted share. Second quarter guidance considers weaker electronics end markets and the impact of the Chinese New Year shutdown.  Before we open our call for questions, I wanted to recognize two new additions to our board of directors. In January, we welcome Chris Mapes, Executive Chairman and recently retired president and CEO of Lincoln Electric Holdings, as well as director at A.O. Smith and the Timken Company.  Chris brings a wealth of global operations, M&A, and industrial experience to our board. Throughout his career, Chris has demonstrated track record of operating performance improvement and shareholder value creation.  Earlier this week, we announced the appointment of Annette Clayton to our board effective April 1. Annette is the Chairwoman and former president and CEO of Schneider Electric North America. Her career grew from production floor experience at General Motors to global operations and supply chain leadership at Dell Technologies to her leadership at Schneider, which focused on digital automation and energy management. In addition to her global operations and technology industry experience, Annette direct familiarity with Nordson's differentiated products and value proposition.  Both Chris and Annette will bring unique insight and value to our board of directors. We look forward to benefiting from their counsel as Nordson continues to grow and scale through the Ascend strategy.  As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support.  With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson.
Matt Summerville: First, on the ATS business, what sort of transpired since the last call that has kind of prompted you to push out, Naga, if you will, third quarter, so the inflection that you've been talking about in electronics and semiconductor? And similarly, what gives you confidence that we're going to see something materialize this year? 
 Sundaram Nagarajan: A couple of things. What we will tell you is the demand or shipments for ATS in the quarter was as expected, weaker as we had expected. But the order entry has not picked up, as we had hoped. The inflection in order entry is sort of the precursor to having shipments in the following quarters. So that is really what has happened in our thinking, is that this cycle inflects maybe a quarter later than what we had hoped.  But a couple of other things I will add to this that is really important to keep in mind. First and foremost, in the back half of the year, clearly comps get much easier for the business. Second thing I would also note, we have backlog, which have expected customer shipments, customer designated shipments in the second half. And then the third thing I would note for you is that we are beginning to see in a very small way in some niche businesses where we supply UV lamps to some front end semiconductor manufacturing customers. Order entry is very nicely up when compared to last year. It is a small part of the business, but it's a good early indicator.  In a same way, if you think about our electronic adhesives packaging businesses where we sell the barrels, we also see some pickup in business there, order entry and shipment. So a couple of early indicators.  And finally, what I will tell you is that our opportunity pipeline for projects with conversations with customers still remain robust. Nothing really has been shelved or put away.  So order entry has not turned yet. That is probably the takeaway you can have. But we have enough evidence in the business to feel strongly about how second half plays out for this business. So maybe I'll stop there.
Matt Summerville: Just as a follow-up, and sticking with ATS, it sounded like in your prepared remarks that you saw maybe fairly broad weakness across the segment. Maybe you're implying that the test and inspection investment cycle you've been seeing last 18 months or so is starting to roll over? Is that the proper conclusion to be drawing here? 
 Sundaram Nagarajan: In terms of the test and inspection, we have had some very robust growth in the last  the cycle and, past, our dispense business. So, what you're really seeing is some strong comparisons that are difficult to keep up with.  What I would tell you and what has been our experience is that the test and inspection business cyclicality is much more muted when compared to our dispense business. That is a distinct difference. But, yes, it does go through a cycle and comps are also in its way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo, please go ahead. Hi, good
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: In terms of growth here, there's obviously some headwinds still in that segment. Could you maybe talk to any structural challenges, if there are any, with that business in terms of maybe even competitive dynamics that would limit it to that kind of returning to that high single digit growth? Or nothing in the way, it's just sort of cyclical and you'd expect to achieve that at some point going forward? Just any thoughts there?
 Sundaram Nagarajan: MFS has returned to growth. And to your question about do we see any structural changes in our own position or the landscape? The answer is no. If you look at our medical interventional business, it is growing double digits, continues to grow double digits. And we expect this business to continue to grow high single-digits.  What you have in MFS is this medical fluid components which had the biopharma exposure, last year was a significant decline, right? And so, that significant decline essentially put MFS in a negative growth last year. But that is anniversaried.  And so, what we are beginning to see is a modest pickup in order entry in this business, not from biopharma, but from other end markets this business serves. We serve patient care, we serve surgical applications, and we see pretty good order entry there. And so, that is what you're seeing in terms of  over time, what you're going to find is, have MFS return to high single-digits.  And you have the fluid solutions business in there as well, which has a broad diversified exposure beyond medical. And so, that business is also tied a little bit to electronics and we're beginning to see some pick-up there.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: And then IPS, I think you talked about weather patterns starting to normalize there. Anything that, I would say, is sort of a red flag or does it seem pretty consistent in terms of what you're seeing in terms of demand for products in that business as well?
 Sundaram Nagarajan: IPS, steady. Order entry has steadied pretty good. But, look, we've been growing in this business for 11 out of 13 quarters. I mean, pretty remarkable growth. So, order entry is normalized. What we mean is that order entry patterns are similar to pre-COVID. That's what we mean by that.  What we also see is that you have strong backlog in big system business like our industrial coatings product line and our polymer process product line. That will essentially help us get through this year. And then it is good to remember ARAG is in this segment and is going to contribute 5% to our organic growth this year. So we feel really good about IPS.  So the way to think about it  if I were to summarize the two questions, one from Matt and from you, I will tell you, IPS steady, RI contributing 5% to the growth, MFS return to growth, pretty nice growth. And then ATS, we are expecting that we will start to recover in the fourth quarter of this year. So if you put all of that together, that is sort of what we have in terms of at the midpoint about 5% revenue growth in the top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies.
Saree Boroditsky: I believe book-to-bill was below 1 again this quarter. So when would you expect this to turn positive? And how do you think about backlog levels as you exit this year? 
 Sundaram Nagarajan: If you look at our backlog, as we have noted in our release as well as in our conversations, $750 million, it is higher than where we normally would run for this size of a business. A historic normalized level will be about $600 million to $650 million, something like that.  Order entry in most of the businesses have returned to normal order patterns. What we mean by that is we don't have any anxiety in the customer order patterns, right? So, if you go back even four quarters ago, you still had people  might be still concerned about supply chain constraints, and that doesn't exist anymore.  So I would say vast majority of our businesses, order entry has gotten to its historical levels, and the organic growth are based on those order entry rates.
Stephen Shamrock: And maybe another data point I'd add to there as well, just to Naga's comments, if you think about the backlog, we consumed about $200 million last year for the full year as we transitioned more to a normalized environment. And in Q1, we consumed about $50 million. So, we're still on that, I'll say, normalized pace.
Saree Boroditsky: So, you know the impact of the Chinese New Year in the second quarter, I believe in the past you've talked about it being a $15 million to $20 million impact. So would that still be the right way to think about the shift for this year? 
Stephen Shamrock: What I would tell you, as I think about the second quarter and the guidance we gave, and the timing of the Chinese New Year, I'd say, is roughly about a $10 million to $15 million impact. That's what we're seeing.  And if you really think about that, right, the guidance that we gave for the second quarter here at the midpoint, we've got sales growth of 1%, which would imply negative organic growth of 4%. Again, we're still expecting ARAG to contribute 5% and FX to be neutral.  If you think about that, that's about  half of that negative organic growth is coming from the Chinese New Year. Obviously, we had the opposite effect in Q1 as well, right? So even on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the organic growth rates in Q2 is not as bad on the surface as they look based on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird.
Michael Halloran: Just want to follow up on that last comment there. Maybe you could talk about the seasonality as you think of the year here, right? I think this was the first year that I can see in my numbers that wasn't up sequentially, at least double digits, if not handsomely in the double-digit level. So I get the Chinese New Year impact. I get that you're shifting the semiconductor recovery to the back half of the year. Just making sure there's nothing else going on that's unusual in the second quarter.  When you get to the back half of the year, can you help us with that cadence thing and maybe help us out relative to normal seasonality? In other words, are you shifting that significant kind of sequential uptick into the third quarter? Is this more steady in the third quarter versus 2Q and then a more sizable uptick in the fourth quarter?
Stephen Shamrock: I'll start with that from that perspective. If you look at the second quarter guide there, right, what I would tell you is what, you're what you're not seeing, again, is the weakness in electronics end market that's also weighing down the second quarter as well in the ATS segment. So, from that perspective, if I think about the second half, as Naga referenced earlier, the comps should get easier for sure from an ATS perspective, particularly with the expected pickup in the fourth quarter. So I think that's what gives us confidence there if we talk about seasonality and how that works from quarter to quarter, at least with respect to ATS.
Michael Halloran: Can you just talk about the trends within ARAG and what's the expectations there? Just thinking kind of the impact. You've already given that. I'm more thinking, what are the underlying trends you're seeing? How does that compare on more of an organic basis in any context?
 Sundaram Nagarajan: Mike, that was on ARAG, right? On ARAG, I'll make couple of broad comments. Hopefully, I will answer the questions because I had little trouble hearing you completely. So if I don't answer all of your questions, please do follow up.  Integration is going very well. Great technology, great team, contributed to sales and the EBITDA margins. The differentiation of their product categories and the resulting gross margins all confirmed during our ownership of the business here. So, pretty excited about the business, how that is integrating. All is well from that point of view.  We also expect that ARAG to contribute 5%. There is no change there. A couple of things to remember about this business. Approximately 45% of the revenue is aftermarket parts in this business, right? So many of these parts are short life replacement cycle businesses, like nozzles that need to undergo more periodic replacement.  If you think about it, they sell mostly critical, low class components for their customers, which drive efficiency and reduce usage of material, costly fluids like fertilizers and chemicals.  And then the next point to remember about this business is we're not tied to people selling tractors. We're tied to folks that manufacture implements, implements that are used to spray, implements that are used to plant. And so, from that perspective, even when you defer a large CapEx spend, you definitely try to update and continuously able to have better implements, so that you can deliver on productivity and efficiency for an individual farmer or a farm organization.  We expect the business to be accretive on EBITDA to Nordson and slightly accretive to EPS when you exclude amortization. So, hopefully, that gave you a broad overview of that.
Michael Halloran: The broad overview, all that makes sense. I think the question was a little bit more geared to just current trends and how you're seeing those trends materialize in the market.
 Sundaram Nagarajan: In terms of demand trends, is that what you're talking about, Mike? 
Michael Halloran: Yes, sir. Because I certainly understand the contribution you're expecting, the 5%, certainly in the prepared remarks. I understand the long term component to it. I think just for the short term dynamics, particularly because [indiscernible] just curious how that's impacting you to knowing that you do have a sizable [Technical Difficulty].
 Sundaram Nagarajan: Europe is  the market is down. It does impact us a little bit, but not to the same extent as an implement  a big tractor manufacturer or an implement manufacturer since we are selling components. So it does have an impact, but not to the same extent, as you've heard in the Street around 15%, 20%. That's not what we're seeing in the business. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia from BNP Paribas.
Andrew Buscaglia: Just wanted to confirm in that backlog, as it relates to ATS, can you see what's coming in Q4 through those orders from UV lights and electronics packaging or is it something else? I'm just trying to confirm your confidence that that converts? 
 Sundaram Nagarajan: Probably two interrelated items that you mentioned, Andrew. First on the UV and the electronic packaging barrels, that's happening right now. They are smaller parts of the company, but they're very good early indicators because they serve  so if you think about an electronic manufacturer or a finished device manufacturer, you're going to pick up the slack by increasing your manufacturing consumables, right? You're not buying new lines, but you're increasing the usage of your existing lines. And so, you would normally see that in our consumable barrels, packaging businesses. That's what you're seeing. And we're seeing it right now.  On the UV light is the same way. We sell to people who make equipment that goes in the front end of the semiconductor, again, a small business, but a good early indicator that that our customers, who essentially play in the front end of the market, and Nordson doesn't play much there, it's a new opportunity for us, but it is early for us. So those two early indicators, that's what I meant by that.  In terms of our backlog, in couple of our test and inspection businesses, we have customer orders in place for shipments in third and fourth quarter. That is in our backlog. So, those are system backlog that is in the business that gives us confidence for a portion of the third and the fourth quarter shipments. And we do still expect order entry to pick up to fully deliver on the ATS expectations we have.
Andrew Buscaglia: Naga, your margins have been great. A strong quarter. Ascend has really been successful. It's in the third year now. And I'm wondering how much more is left in the tank as it pertains to pricing and things like cost savings?
 Sundaram Nagarajan: Think of Ascend and NBS Next as a growth framework, rather than a cost play.  In terms of where we are  look, when you sort of implement and deploy a growth framework across a company, think about  this was all organically put together and built within the company. So three years, in my opinion, is still early innings. So what you're trying to do  NBS Next is now becoming the way we run the company, operate the company. So you're just beginning to see the benefits of the strategy being effective.  So in terms of  if you think about where are we at in terms of each of our divisions using it, I would say, three or four divisions delivering what we call leadership level performance. These are very specific metrics of quality, on time delivery, new product, vitality, customer growth, employee engagement. So there are five metrics within the company, I would say, and we call them leadership level performance. We have about four of our divisions at leadership level in most of those metrics. We have six or seven very closely following.  So what you're beginning to see is the impact of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy that is beginning to show up in our business. And IPS is a great example of that. These were some of the  a couple of the big divisions in IPS were the first places where we implemented the strategy and you can begin to see the performance on the organic growth side.  So, our expectation is we're focused on growing the company organically, innovation, top customer growth. Clearly, we will have solid incrementals. Our expectation on organic growth is 40%. So by virtue of that, you're going to see some margin expansion, but that's not where we start.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Hammond: Back on this Chinese New Year, is that pretty broad across the segments? Or is that going to be more focused on electronics?
Stephen Shamrock: Jeff, I would tell you that most of that impact is concentrated in the IPS segment and to a lesser degree in ATS.
Jeffrey Hammond: Naga, just on biopharma, it sounds like the destocking is behind us. That's what we're hearing, I guess, from some of the people in that space, but it doesn't sound like you're seeing any real order intake. As you talk to that customer base, what's kind of the visibility for that to start to inflect?
 Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the way to think about it is, rather than giving you an exact timing, let me tell you what we fundamentally believe about this business. You're right, the destocking has come to a place where it is pretty much at the bottom of the cycle at a lower demand level, for sure. And that's what we're seeing in our businesses.  As we talk to our customers in general what we are talking about is for specific components they buy from us, what is their current inventory level. That is a better indicator of their future orders. And we are at that point where people are ordering  their ordering pattern has changed. That is one thing that we see in this.  In the past, like other medical device manufacturing space is by  most of our biopharma customers will place blanket orders. That has changed. We no longer get blanket orders. Instead we get more regular book and ship kind of business. So that has changed.  So, we're still working through this. But the more interesting part is we have some pretty nice growth in patient care. We have some pretty good growth in surgical applications, and so that's where we're beginning to see some pretty good order entry and pretty good shipment.  Nothing about biopharma has fundamentally changed. Single use plastics, transition from stainless steel to plastic, increased amount of biopharmaceuticals, all long term trends still intact, still favorable for the business. I'd love to be able to tell you when exactly this inflects. I just don't know.
Operator: We have no further questions in our queue at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Naga for closing remarks.
Operator: Our strong operating performance reflects the strength of our diversified end markets, close to the customer model, differentiated precision technology products and rigorous implementation of NBS Next growth framework.  Again, I want to thank Nordson's employees for their commitment, which makes these results possible. And continued deployment of the Ascend strategy positions us well for long term growth.  Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-12-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Dennis and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 14, 2023, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2023 fourth quarter and full year results. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; Joseph Kelly, Executive Vice President; and Stephen Shamrock, Interim Chief Financial Officer. While Joe recently took a new role as Executive Vice President, Industrial Precision Solutions segment, he was CFO for the entirety of fiscal 2023 and will represent that viewpoint in today's call. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until December 21, 2023. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A complete reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric has been provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss fourth quarter and full year highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Joe also will talk about the year-end balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will conclude with high level commentary about our enterprise performance, including an update on the Ascend strategy, as well as our fiscal 2024 first quarter and full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 fourth quarter and full year conference call. In 2021, Nordson launched its Ascend strategy to achieve top-tier growth with leading margins and returns. We set a goal to deliver $3 billion in sales and greater than 30% EBITDA margins by 2025. As we complete the third year of our strategy, we are on track toward achieving these objectives. This is a testament to our employees who have in the last three years developed and deployed the Ascend strategy and tackled dynamic macroeconomic conditions including a pandemic, global supply chain pressure, labor challenges, and rising interest rates to name a few. In 2023, we also managed the unique period of biopharma destocking as well as the cyclical electronics end markets. The core elements of our business model has enabled us to deliver profitable growth throughout these challenges. This includes a fundamental focus on our customers, commitment to innovation, diversified geographic and end market exposure, and a high level of recurring revenue through aftermarket parts and consumables. Since launching the Ascend strategy, we have added new capabilities to our model, including the NBS Next growth framework and a division-led structure which has empowered our teams to respond rapidly to changing market conditions. This led to solid financial performance in the quarter and the year, exceeding our targeted incremental and decremental profit targets in all three segments. Combining all of these factors with our capital deployment strategy to strengthen our precision technology portfolio, we delivered record sales, 31% EBITDA margin, and record cash flow in fiscal 2023. I'll speak more to this in a few moments, but I'll now turn the call over to Joe to provide more detailed perspective on our financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2023.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide number 5, you'll see fourth quarter 2023 sales were $719 million, an increase of 5% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter sales of $684 million. The increase included 7% growth from acquisitions of ARAG and CyberOptics and favorable currency translation of 1%, offset by an organic sales decrease of 3%. The organic sales decrease was primarily volume offset by price as we continue to pass through year-over-year cost inflation. In line with our expectations, the volume decline was concentrated in the electronics, dispense, and our biopharma businesses. This pressure was largely offset by double-digit growth in medical interventional solutions, industrial coatings, and polymer processing product lines compared to the prior year. Gross profit, excluding the non-recurring amortization of acquired inventory, totaled $389 million or 54% of sales, a 7% increase over the prior year fourth quarter of $363 million or 53% of sales. The gross profit dollar increase was driven by sales growth, and the gross margin expansion of 100 basis points was driven primarily by improvement in factory efficiency. SG&A in the fourth quarter increased to $199 million versus $186 million in the prior year fourth quarter. Excluding $6 million in non-recurring transaction fees related to the ARAG acquisition, SG&A increased 4% over the prior year, representing 27% of sales, consistent with the prior year. Adjusted operating profit, excluding $11 million in non-recurring acquisition costs and step-up inventory amortization was $196 million in the quarter, a 10% increase from the prior year. We generated very strong incremental operating profit margins of 51% on the 5% sales growth, which can be attributed to our team's continued dedication to executing the NBS Next growth framework and their related ability to rapidly respond to changing market conditions. EBITDA for the fourth quarter increased 12% over the prior year to a record $227 million, or 32% of sales, which is 200 basis points above our long-term profitability target, as we articulated in our Ascend strategy. This compares to $202 million or 30% of sales in the prior year fourth quarter. As we continue to execute the Ascend strategy and scale through acquisitions, EBITDA will be a key metric for profitability and cash flow generation. Looking at non-operating income and expense, I am happy to report that in September, we successfully accessed the public bond market with our inaugural issuance of investment grade rated debt. We raised $850 million in five and 10 year bonds to repay the short term borrowings used to finance the ARAG acquisition with the balance of the funds coming from our revolver. Interest expense in the quarter totaled $26 million, an increase of $21 million over the prior year quarter. $7 million of the increase is non-recurring financing costs associated with the repayment of the short-term borrowings. The remaining $14 million increase is a result of higher debt levels and increased interest rates. Other net income decreased $3 million due to significant currency fluctuations that generated a $4 million currency exchange gain in the prior year that did not repeat in the current year. Tax expense was $33 million for an effective tax rate of 20% in the quarter, slightly below the full year and within our guidance range. Net income totaled $128 million or $2.22 per share. Adjusted earnings per share excluding non-recurring acquisition related expenses totaled $2.46 per share, a 1% increase over the prior year. This improvement despite the increase in interest expense is reflective of consistent application of the NBS Next growth framework, which leads to steady, profitable growth with attractive incremental margins. Turning to Slide number 6, I'll now share a few comments on our full year results. Sales for the fiscal year 2023 were a record $2.6 billion, an increase of 2% compared to the prior year's previous record sales results. This increase was driven 4% from the CyberOptics and ARAG acquisitions, offset by an organic decrease of 1% and an unfavorable currency impact of 1%. Adjusted operating profit was $707 million, or 27% of sales, which was comparable to the prior year. On a constant currency basis, adjusted operating profit grew year-over-year 1%. EBITDA for the full year increased 1% to a record $819 million, or 31% of sales. This marks the third consecutive year of the Ascend strategy delivering EBITDA growth. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $9.03, a 4% decrease from the prior year. The decrease in adjusted earnings is primarily a result of higher adjusted interest expense of $30 million associated with both the CyberOptics and the ARAG acquisitions and higher borrowing rates. Overall, the company's performance remains strong and in line or ahead of targets established as part of the Ascend strategy. Now, let's turn to Slide 7 through 9 to review the fourth quarter 2023 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $405 million increased 14% compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Organic growth in the quarter was 4%, with the ARAG acquisition adding 7%, and a favorable currency impact of 2%. It is noteworthy that the 4% organic growth is over a very strong fourth quarter of 2022 and represents an all-time quarterly sales record for the segment, excluding ARAG. Robust demand in the polymer processing, industrial coatings, and packaging product lines combined with the execution of the Ascend strategy drove this quarter's results. Geographically, growth was strong in the Americas and Asia Pacific regions. EBITDA for the quarter was $148 million, or 37% of sales, which is an increase of 26% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $118 million. This growth was driven primarily by leveraging organic sales growth at incremental margins well in excess of our target, plus the benefit of the ARAG acquisition. Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $169 million decreased 7% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. This change was primarily driven by a decrease in organic sales volume of 8%, offset by a modest 1% currency benefit. The volume declines were the result of continued softness in medical fluid components related to the biopharma end markets, as well as the fluid solutions product lines, offset by double-digit growth in our medical interventional solutions product lines. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $62 million or 37% of sales, which is a decrease of 4% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $64 million. EBITDA margins continue to be negatively impacted by the sales mix changes within the medical product lines, but improved factory efficiency within the fluid solutions division enabled profit margin expansion. Turning to Slide 9, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales of $145 million decreased 1% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. This change included a decrease in organic sales volume of 16%, offset by the CyberOptics acquisition, which contributed 15%, the highest quarterly sales to date under Nordson ownership. The organic sales decline was primarily driven by continued softness in our electronics dispensed product lines that served the cyclical semiconductor end market and by way of reference, had a difficult comparison as the prior year fourth quarter had 28% organic growth. Based on customer conversations and historic trends, we continue to expect demand in the semiconductor market to anniversary in the second quarter of fiscal 2024 and begin to recover in the back half of calendar 24. Fourth quarter EBITDA was $35 million or 24% of sales, a decrease of $5 million from the prior year fourth quarter. Noteworthy, however, for this segment is the increased profitability level in the down part of the cycle when you compare the 24% EBITDA margin to the 14% EBITDA margin in fiscal 2020. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 10. We had another very strong cash flow quarter, generating $153 million in free cash flow at a cash conversion rate of 120% on net income. For the full year 2023, Nordson generated a record free cash flow of $607 million at a cash conversion rate of 124%. With our record free cash flow, we were able to repay approximately $425 million of debt and return capital to our shareholders. Dividend payments were $39 million in the quarter, reflective of the 5% increase in the annual dividend. In addition, we purchased $10 million of shares at an average price of $216 per share. Through our strategic capital deployment, we ended the year with a strong balance sheet. Our cash balance was $116 million, and net debt was $1.6 billion, resulting in a leverage ratio of 2 times based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA, well within our targeted range. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 24, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22%, capital expenditures of approximately $40 million to $50 million, and interest expense of approximately $75 million to $80 million. In summary, our segments effectively responded to dynamic conditions throughout fiscal 2023 by using the data-driven NBS Next growth framework. This led to segment financial performance exceeding our targeted incremental and decremental profit targets. We are also seeing nice contributions from our recent acquisitions, which is indicative of the strength of our capital deployment strategy and the differentiation we are adding to our precision technology portfolio. I want to congratulate the team on achieving record sales and EBITDA as well as the record cash flow performance this year. I'll now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Joe. During last year's conference call, as we set the stage for fiscal 2023, I noted that Nordson was well positioned to perform during periods of economic uncertainty. It certainly proved true for all the reasons I listed earlier in the call. Fundamental focus on our customers, commitment to innovation, diversified geographic and end market exposure, and a high level of recurring revenue. The Ascend strategy has added to these core strengths. Our NBS Next growth framework is becoming a competitive advantage as it is deployed holistically across the company. Put simply, NBS Next is a data-driven segmentation framework that drives choices, focus, and simplification. In fiscal year 2022, we had two divisions that achieved market-leading business performance. That number expanded in 2023 with all divisions making tremendous progress. They're using the framework to guide their focus on best growth opportunities and deliver on time, quality products, winning business, and growing market share. Our medical interventional solutions business successfully deployed this framework to achieve double-digit sales growth throughout 2023 by focusing on its best growth opportunities and simplifying elsewhere. Our electronics processing division leveraged this period of weaker end market demand to carefully curate its product portfolio based on the best growth opportunities. The team recognized through segmentation analysis that the extreme customization we offered created complexity and resulted in longer lead times. Applying NBS Next methodology with our deep voice of customer research, the team reduced complexity, improved lead times, and is gaining market share. The electronics division has used the downside of the cycle to implement NBS Next, achieving its target decremental margins in the second half of fiscal 2023. They're well positioned for the incremental earnings growth that will come when the semiconductor end market start to recover in the second half of calendar 2024. In 2023, we also made progress on the acquisition front of our Ascend strategy, which is a key priority of our strategic capital deployment. We closed the ARAG acquisition on August 24th, 2023. The integration is going well, and we are impressed by ARAG's precision agricultural technology and the energy, excellence our new employees bring to Nordson. Since the launch of the Ascend strategy, we have acquired approximately $400 million in revenue and are 80% of the way toward our acquisitive revenue target. We see ample opportunity in the pipeline to achieve this target, particularly in the medical and testing inspection platforms. That said, we will remain focused to acquire differentiated precision technologies that meets our strategic and financial criteria. To enable acquisitive growth, we went to the public markets this summer. As a first-time issuer, we achieved investment-grade ratings from both Moody's and S&P. Both ratings agencies cited Nordson's strong cash flow and healthy financial profile as key reasons for the strong ratings debut. We appreciate the flexibility that public debt will afford us as we continue executing on the acquisition and capital deployment portion of our strategy. In summary, I am very pleased with the progress of our Ascend strategy and believe we are well positioned entering fiscal 2024. I am also pleased that we have made this progress while sustaining our culture and values. For example, in fiscal 2023, our employees, company, and the Nordson Corporation Foundation donated over $13 million into the communities that our employees live and work to support education, human welfare services, and other charitable activities. Turning now to the outlook on Slide 12. We enter fiscal 2024 with approximately $800 million in backlog. The sequential backlog reduction is reflective of strong system sales in the fourth quarter as well as a paced return to normalized levels. Based on the combination of order entry, backlog, customer delivery timing requests, and current foreign exchange rates, we anticipate delivering sales growth in the range of 4% to 9% above fiscal 2023 sales. Full year fiscal 2024 earnings are forecasted to be in the range of 1% to 8% growth per diluted share. Please note that we are updating our definition of adjusted earnings starting in fiscal 2024 to exclude acquisition-related amortization. As acquisitions will continue to be a critical part of our strategy, we believe this is prudent and more reflective of how we and investors think about our business in terms of earnings and cash flow growth performance. This full year guidance assumes a neutral impact from foreign exchange rates, a recovery of semiconductor end markets in the second half of calendar 2024, and the ARAG acquisition contributing approximately 5% growth at the midpoint of our guidance. As you will see on Slide 13, first quarter fiscal 2024 sales are forecasted in the range of $615 million to $640 million and adjusted earnings in the range of $2.00 to $2.10 per diluted share. Before we open it for questions, I want to take a moment to thank Joe for his leadership as CFO over the past three plus years. Joe, I've appreciated your partnership and we are all excited to see you develop your career as the new leader of our IPS segment. As we move forward into fiscal 2024, Steve Shamrock will take over as Interim CFO while we conduct our search for a successor. Joe's move and Steve's seamlessly stepping in during the transition are examples of Nordson focusing on developing winning teams, an important success factor in building a scalable, high quality growth engine. Again, I want to thank our employees, customers, and shareholders for your continued support. We will now open the phone lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Naga, you touched on the EBITDA margin that you posted in 2023, certainly strong and well ahead of your target. How do we think of that EBITDA margin from here? How does it evolve over the next, say, two to three years?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Allison, as we launched the Ascend strategy, our target was to have 50% of our growth come from organic and 50% from acquisitions. And we also set the stage for our organic growth obviously comes at a higher incremental margins when compared to our acquisitions. So as we move forward, we fundamentally believe this 31% is a sustainable level at which we are operating. Depending on the mix of organic and acquisition, this is a sustainable level that we are able to maintain.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then could you touch on the biopharma market, just sort of the cadence of recovery, just how you're thinking about that specific market in 24, just given the challenges it had in 23 around the inventory size?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. We start to -- by the end of the first quarter, we start to anniversary the decline in biopharma due to destocking. Longer term, we fundamentally believe that this is a great marketplace for Nordson and will return to the high single digit number. In the interim though, we are taking a conservative and definitely a realistic view of saying the recovery is going to be slower.
Allison Poliniak: Okay, but I guess that I think you just touched on it though, so there's no real structural impediment for that market in your view to not reach that sort of high single-digit growth rate that it historically achieved?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Absolutely not. Right? If you think about this, one of the key areas of focus for us is the use of single-use plastics, which essentially go to replace the stainless steel nectars and stainless steel full lines. And that transition is still in its early stages. So we fundamentally believe that there is nothing here that is impaired. It's a matter of timing and it's certainly a matter of recovery certainly you know so long-term no issues We expect we'll probably get to high single-digits.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you and congrats, Joe, on the move.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you, Allison.
Operator: Your next question's from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead.
Mike Halloran: Hey, morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Mike.
Joseph Kelley: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Halloran: Just want to help me understand a couple of questions on guidance here. First, what's the organic assumption embedded in the growth rate? And I know you gave the FX side already but maybe just some help on what you're assuming for organic growth?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Steve, you got it?
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah, this is Steve. So for the full year guidance, as Naga pointed out, we're forecasting growth of 6%. And ARAG is at 5%. So that would imply organic growth of about 1% because we would say based on current rates, we're FX neutral. So that's how we're thinking about the overall growth rate of 6%.
Mike Halloran: Thanks for that. And then on the electronics assumptions, you mentioned back half recovery. What informs that? It certainly sounds like part of it is comparisons, part of it is historical recovery curves. Is there anything customers are saying or build rate forecasts or anything else that you would point to?
Sundaram Nagarajan: What I would tell you is the two things that you already acknowledged, which is really historical trends. Certainly, we have a direct sales model and our teams are spending a lot of time with our customers understanding what their requirements are and when they would show up. If you were to point to anything, you would say the pipeline of opportunities continue to be -- to point towards that timeline of recovery.
Mike Halloran: And then last one, just on the IPS side. Are you assuming relatively normal sequential patterns from here? Any thoughts on how you're looking at the end market cadencing, demand levels, things like that? I mean, packaging was strong this quarter, which felt a little surprising. So any context on that would also be helpful.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, sure, Mike. IPS has been running at or above our long-term growth rates here now for two, three years now. And what our expectation is that we don't see anything in the order entry that gives us a pause. Good backlog and good order entry that we expect to sustain growth in the coming years. A significant contribution on IPS growth for the coming year would be through the ARAG acquisition.
Mike Halloran: Got it. Really appreciate it. Thank you for your time.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Morning, Jeff.
Joseph Kelley: Morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So maybe go back to the organic. It looks like the range is kind of minus 4% to plus 1%. Do you see all the segments at the midpoint growing or are there some segments that clearly have growth and others that are maybe down?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. We just talked about IPS. IPS today at or above our long-term growth rates continue to sustain modest growth in the year coming up. ATS is going to be flattish in that, what I would tell you is that first half we're going to be continuing down, second half continue to improve. And so that will be flattish to slight growth. MFS though, we have medical interventional components continuing to be pretty strong growth for us. Our bio-pharma business, anniversarying itself and not being a drag, and then improvement in our fluid solutions towards the back half of the year. Overall, our expectation is that MFS returns to a pretty nice growth next year -- modest growth for that segment.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. Thanks for that color, Naga. Just, ARAG, there's been a lot of commentary about ARAG slowing. I'm just wondering if ARAG is seeing that pressure, it seems like the math maybe suggests a little bit lower revenue contribution than maybe when you first bought it, just speak to what you're seeing there real time.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, let me start it and then Joe in his new role can certainly give you some color on ARAG as well. What we see -- remember 45% of our ARAGs revenues are recurring revenue. And they're typically products or short life replacement cycles. So mostly nozzles and things like that. So we will benefit from that and that is not going to see the pressure you're going to see. The other thing what I would tell you is that ARAGs components, much like Nordson, is critical low-cost component for the customers and also components that drive efficiency, reduce waste. And so typically what our expectation is that the -- that we're going to see limited impact from that. And so let me maybe have Joe talk about where we finished the year for ARAG in Nordson fiscal year and then talk a little bit about our expectation for next year.
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. So, Jeff, if you think about ARAG, they finished the Nordson, what I'll call, calendar fiscal 2023, delivering $155 million in sales. And the midpoint of our guidance suggests that ARAGs sales grow in 2024. And so, despite some of the news that you're hearing in the ag space, when you look at the components that they provide, the 45% that's run rate parts and consumables that Naga mentioned, we have it moderated the growth rate from what was previously articulated, but it is still growing when you look at it year-over-year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just a housekeeping. Amortization in 24, is it $20 million a quarter, $80 million? Is that kind of the right run rate or how should we think about that?
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah, Jeff, I would tell you the guidance on amortization is in the range of $74 million to $78 million for the full year and about $19 million in Q1.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Summerville with DA Davidson. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. I was hoping maybe you gave a little bit more granular detail on expectations for MFS. I was hoping you could kind of talk through the same thing for IPS, how you're thinking about rigid, flexible packaging, non-wovens, product assembly, coatings, as we move into 24.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, hey, let's -- generally we don't give guidance around the segment, but I will certainly give you some what we are seeing in the marketplace and hopefully that will answer the question, Matt. So let's start with packaging, right? Packaging is doing fairly well. It is -- the order entry rates and things like that suggest that the backlogs have returned to normal. The parts part of the business is doing fairly well. And so we expect packaging to continue to be steady as we have experienced thus far. So that is packaging. As you think about system businesses like coatings or polymers, as we enter the year, we enter the year with some pretty strong backlog. And so we fundamentally believe that that is one that will help us in the growth there. Non-wovens has been a business that continues to -- has not declined any further. Will continue to be tracking in the same place where we are. We certainly have a number of product applications. This is sort of applications such as battery, think about applications in e-commerce, fabric bonding and many other miscellaneous application. This is the part of the business where it is application by application and this one is doing well as well. Hopefully that gives you a little bit more color and hopefully answers the question you're asking, Matt?
Matt Summerville: Yeah, I appreciate the detail there. Maybe just over to ATS, two quick things. Are you actually seeing an inflection in CyberOptics business pointing out the fact that you had the strongest quarter for that business since the acquisition? And then if you can comment a little further on how you're thinking about test and inspection for 24.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, as you think about test and inspection, we've had strong, strong years here now going. Even last year when our dispense business was down a bit, you also found them to be doing fairly well. But as you go into next year, we expect that we would have challenging comms for our x-ray business. We certainly expect that our optical business and our acoustic business, which we've not talked about in the past, is an area that we feel there is some strength. And too early to say we have reached an inflection point, but certainly telling you that this is an area that we are well positioned to take advantage of any market movement. Customer conversation, pipeline activity, all still indicating second half of the year, calendar year, that we have a good recovery. But I think we feel good about where we are, particularly on CyberOptics, we've had now a year of experience with this. CyberOptics is exactly what we thought it was, incredibly fantastic technology that has added to the portfolio. So our thesis around expanding our precision technology portfolio with CyberOptics is certainly strong. And our expectations are that we continue to be able to solve more problems for our customers and continue to benefit on this investment in semiconductors that is expected to come.
Matt Summerville: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. I was just curious about the ATS foreground, spend another moment on that. You said your team is very engaged talking to customers, so that sounds like everyone is on the same page in terms of expecting a recovery. Are you just seeing like materialization of pre-RFP activity? Is there, like, improving breadth month to month? Just curious how the cadence is there.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, I would go back to what we were talking about, which is really great customer conversations, historical trends all pointing towards second half of calendar 2024. Clearly our pipeline activity continues to be pretty good. And our expectation is that, that translates into order entry and translates into shipment. Beyond that, I -- our expectation for the ATS is it's going to be flat, but first half down, second half up. And if you look historically, that has been a fairly good indicator and we believe that. So our guidance is based on APS being flat, not significant growth.
Christopher Glynn: Yep, yep, I understand the timing. Thanks for that. And then a quick one on MFS, the kind of non-medical fluid solutions portion. I think you talked about some significant manufacturing and productivity benefits there from cost actions and NBS Next. Curious how that industrial fluid solutions business, I think it's short cycle oriented. How's that -- a little more detail on how that's behaving, please?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, that is going fairly well. I would say early times here. We are very pleased with the improvements that teams have made in manufacturing and the business starting to return to where it typically operates. A significant pickup in this business is going to be tied to the electronic customers in Asia as well, right? And so this is a business that has some electronic exposure and that they will benefit from that as the second half picks up for them. But overall on the industrial side it seems to be steady.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Thanks, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Walt Liptak with Seaport Research. Please go ahead.
Walt Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wonder
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Walt.
Walt Liptak: Good morning. You guys haven't talked too much about pricing yet and there's still some inflation out there even though it's come down. How are you thinking about systems pricing and component pricing as you start going into the new year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Steve, this is something that you want to touch on?
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah, to answer that question, what I would say is, again, just to remind you and everyone that really when we talk about pricing, I mean, we're selling the value of our products to our customers. So we've not passed through large inflationary price increases as a result of that. I mean, again, our focus is maintaining our very strong gross margins from that perspective. So, as I mentioned earlier with the organic growth guidance, the 1% for FY 24, I would think that that organic growth would be balanced in terms of a little bit coming from volume and price, but again, it's not something that we're really focused on from that perspective. Again, our focus is on maintaining those gross margins.
Walt Liptak: Okay, great. And I wonder if we could talk a little bit about the ag markets and just the -- regionally, ARAG is pretty international in Europe and South America. I wonder if you could talk a little bit, give us some insight on how those markets are trending and we probably have a better view on the US, but -- so maybe the second part of the question is, you guys are looking at kind of a new opportunity in the US for market share. Can you grow the US part of the business next year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, let me start and then Joe can add a little bit more color to the business. As you think about ARAG, right, what we acquired is a European market leader, great technology, strong position in Europe, strong position in South America in an end market that is growing, right? So our models and our expectations are that we deliver on that promise around continuing to grow the European business and continue to grow the South American business. We certainly recognize that we have an opportunity in North America. But we also understand the market dynamics in North America. Any wins and any expansion here will be at least additional icing on the cake, if you so will, to our model. And so, we like the technology, we like the market position, and the market structure in Europe is uniquely different from North America, and maybe let Joe add color to the work that they're doing in Europe and in our technology. So, Joe?
Joseph Kelley: Yeah, Walt. You think about just the level set on ARAG, their precision dispensing fluid components that are predominantly components sold to implement manufacturers, spray manufacturers. And when you look, it's again, predominantly a European business, a very broad footprint throughout Europe through their distribution model and selling to implement manufacturers. And so that market again is, I would tell you, the main driver of our forecast when you think about the ARAG business and the growth that we're forecasting for 2024. The US and other geographies outside of Europe and South America where ARAG has a strong footprint represents opportunity. And when you think about Nordson and our broad geographic footprint, our ability to, I would say, realize some of those opportunities, I think is enhanced as opposed to a standalone ARAG business. And so when you think about that, we're starting to see in the integration, some of these opportunities start to fill in in the pipeline. And so again, we're optimistic that long term, we can make this a global division within Nordson with a broad geographic footprint.
Walt Liptak: Okay. All right. Yeah, thanks for that answer. And, if I could just try one more on the IPS segment for Joe. I wonder if you could just help us characterize how you're looking at kind of the general industrial system spending for next year, what the funnel looks like, and maybe some of the bigger subsegments like around automotive or consumer good?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So, just to level set, the IPS segment is coming off now, I would say, two very strong years. If you look back at 22, they delivered a 7% organic growth. In 23, it grew 3% organically. So as we head into 24, we're looking to really maintain that from the level where we are. What drove it, if you go back to 22, was a lot of the large systems in the liquid coatings. And then in 23, it turned, there was heavy automotive, actually growth in automotive on the coating side. And then on the plastic processing side and the recycling. That was strong in the back half of 22 and continued to be strong in 23. And so those large systems businesses within IPS, they do carry a nice backlog into 2024. That being said, the remaining portion of the IPS business backlog there has moderated. So, when you see the backlog come down to $800 million, I would tell you that's the elevated backlog moderating back to historical terms for the remainder of that business. That being said, the order entry there remains steady and is supportive of our forecast. So, you're familiar with the business, particularly on the packaging side. When systems come down due to investment, parts typically help offset that in terms of growth of parts. And so it's really a nice mix. And I would tell you, we've benefited from automotive liquid coatings and then the polymer processing last couple years on the system side. But the remaining broad-based [industry] (ph) remains steady.
Walt Liptak: Okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Right, I mean one thing that I would add Walt is really, in general the company is a recession resilient company and a portfolio that helps us get through uncertain economic environments or downturns in specific end markets, right? That's what you saw happen in 23. As we think about 24, really what were our expectation is [IPSA] (ph) study, ATS is flattish to slight growth, and MFS returns to pretty modest growth. And that's kind of how I would think about it. And a pretty strong EBITDA margin in last year, and we'll continue to expect to see the same next year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joseph Kelley: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: Just one last clarification on your guidance. So the low end, if you look at the organic sales growth, the low end of that guidance, if you model that out, it doesn't really assume much of a recovery at all. Is that correct? And then how much of the recovery is really easy comps versus demand actually picking up?
Stephen Shamrock: Yeah. So what I would tell you, Andrew, is from a general guidance perspective, I mean, at the low end of our sales guidance, we're talking about 4% basically from that perspective. So obviously, there -- what would get us towards the lower end there is obviously, if there is the recovery on the ATS side, for example, is slower than what we would expect if FX rates go against us, those types of things. And I think we talked earlier, I think Naga mentioned it as well, just from a comp standpoint, with some of the businesses that we were talking about, right, whether it was fluid solutions or on the electronic side within ATS.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then what about the easy comps versus demand picking up? Is that -- to get to the midpoint, do we need demand to come back?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sorry, go ahead, Steve.
Stephen Shamrock: No, what I was going to say is, I mean, just from a midpoint perspective, again, I mean, that assumes 1% organic growth overall. So, again, there would be some volume embedded in there. So we would expect it to pick up, right? I mean, just kind of given the, by segment, like we talked earlier, from that perspective, ATS, again, we'd expect some second half pick up there in the end of Q2 or Q3 and Q4. We talked about the fluid components earlier and even fluid solutions. I know Naga referenced that as well, electronic assembly picking up in the back half of the year as well.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Andrew, I would just add, if I could, the way I think about it is full year, our guidance says we're going to grow 6% at the midpoint, roughly speaking and Q1 is growth of 3%. So basically, it implies that the growth rate picks up past Q1. And part of that, as you mentioned, is the comps get easier in Q2 and Q3, particularly because that's when the ATS and the biopharma pullback really occurred. And so the growth rate is, let's just say, 3% in Q1 and then picks up to 7% in the remaining three quarters, with it being the heaviest in Q2 and Q3 because the comps are easier.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah, okay. And in ATS, margins kind of move around quite a bit historically, so it's hard to gauge a pattern. But is the main driver here for ATS long-term volumes just picking back up, or are there cost-saving potential in that segment to get those up closer to a corporate average margin?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me just maybe give you a broad view of how we're thinking about ATS, and then maybe Joe or Steve, you guys could add more color to it. What I would say is, ATS at 24% EBITDA, and you compare them to their competitors in the markets that they play in is pretty strong. And one of the reasons is that, look, the R&D load here is much higher than some of our other businesses. So, expectation shouldn't be that ATS gets to the total company average numbers. It'll -- you're always going to find that you have 14% SG&A cost here in the -- in our business in ATS when compared to IPS, which is a much smaller number. So thats -- the only level setting I want to do is make sure that youre not -- your expectations for ATS should be in line with ATS, not in line with the total company average.
Joseph Kelley: And the comment, down the full year, we're quite pleased with what we've done to improve the profitability of that business. And here we are at the low point in the cycle and we're delivering this [24%, 23%] (ph) EBITDA margins and so we're well positioned to participate in the recovery but that doesn't mean you should expect it to get to Nordson's the other segments levels of profitability.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, thank you guys.
Stephen Shamrock: The only, I was going to say, maybe the only other point I would add there too is we've done a nice job in that segment as well, Andrew, just in terms of our decremental margins being very favorable to our targets, right? So we're really managing the costs appropriately based on volume, so.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there appear to be no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Naga for any closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. We're making great progress on the Ascend strategy. We're well positioned for profitable growth in fiscal 2024. We remain focused on achieving our long-term objective of delivering top-tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns. I wish all of you a happy holiday season. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Nordson Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-08-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 22 to report Nordson's fiscal 2023 third quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday, August 29, 2023. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss third quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Joe will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high-level commentary about our enterprise performance. He will conclude with an update on the fiscal 2023 full-year and fourth quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 third quarter conference call. While sales were at the low-end of our expected guidance range for the quarter, I would like to recognize the dedicated Nordson team who has actively controlled cost in divisions where it was necessary and leverage the NBS Next growth framework to deliver strong growth in divisions where the market demand was strong. This resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $2.35, which was at the high-end of our third quarter EPS guidance. Going into the third quarter, we expected to be pressured by the ongoing weakness in our electronics and biopharma product lines. We understand the macro factors impacting these end markets and we have line of sight to returning to growth. This quarter's electronics end-market softness is particularly visible when looking at our results in Asia Pacific, which declined 20%. This reflects decreased demand from semiconductor customers in our ATS segment and electronics assembly customers in our MFS segment. These markets are cyclical, and we anticipate them turning in the middle of 2024. The diversification of our business offset some of this pressure. From a product perspective, we continue to experience double-digit organic growth in medical interventional solutions and polymer processing product lines, as well as high-single-digit growth in the test and inspection business. Regionally, we experienced mid-single-digit organic growth in both Americas and Europe, as our customers in both these regions are rebalancing their supply chains to be closer to the markets they serve. I'll speak more about the enterprise and our exciting new acquisition of ARAG in few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results of the quarter.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide number 5, you'll see third quarter fiscal 2023 sales were $649 million, a decrease of 2% compared to the prior year's third quarter sales of $662 million. This was driven by an organic decrease of 5%, partially offset by the favorable benefit of the CyberOptics acquisition. During the quarter, sales were negatively impacted by the end-market pressures that Naga referenced. Gross profit for the third quarter of fiscal 2023 totaled $360 million. Excluding severance cost, gross profit totaled $362 million or 56% of sales, which is comparable to the prior year third quarter. SG&A in the third quarter was elevated to a $189 million above the $181 million we have been averaging for the last six quarters. Third quarter SG&A was impacted by notable non-recurring items that I'd like to highlight. Our teams advanced two separate $1 billion global acquisition targets through the comprehensive due diligence process all the way to the final stages. As a result of these two significant and strategic projects, we incurred $7 million in non-recurring cost from third-party service providers. We ultimately chose to move forward only with ARAG, which included an additional $1 million for the fairness opinion. In total, we incurred $8 million in non-recurring cost for acquisition-related activity in the third quarter. Operating profit, excluding these non-recurring items, was $181 million in the quarter or 28% of sales, 4% below the prior year adjusted operating profit of $188 million. Despite the lower sales volume, we held on to decremental margins on adjusted operating profit of 56%, reflective of our cost controls and improved pricing, which can be attributed to our team's dedication to the NBS Next framework. As we execute the Ascend strategy and scale through strategic acquisitions, EBITDA remains the key profitability metric. EBITDA for the third quarter was $208 million or 32% of sales, which is above our long-term profitability target, however, $5 million or 2% below the prior year EBITDA of $213 million. The decrease was primarily driven by lower sales volume in the quarter. Looking at non-operating expenses, interest expense increased $6 million associated with higher borrowings and increase interest rates. Other net expense decreased $2 million related to a combination of changes in pension and deferred compensation plans, as well as foreign exchange gains and losses. Tax expense was $34 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which is in line with the prior year third quarter rate and the forecasted full-year rate for 2023. Net income in the quarter totaled $128 million or $2.22 per share. Adjusted earnings per share excluding non-recurring acquisition and severance cost totaled $2.35 per share, a 6% decrease from the prior year adjusted earnings. The decrease was primarily driven by higher interest expense and lower operating profit. Now let's turn to Slide 6 through 8 to review the third quarter 2023 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $338 million decreased 1% compared to the prior year third quarter, driven by softness in our product assembly and nonwovens product lines in Asia. This was partially offset by continued strength in polymer processing product lines and growth in the Americas and Europe. Year-to-date, the IPS segments has delivered 3% organic sales growth following two consecutive years of double-digit growth. EBITDA for the quarter was $122 million or 36% of sales, which is a decrease of 3% compared to the prior year EBITDA of $126 million. The biggest driver of the decrease is lower sales volume and unfavorable sales mix due to the higher sales volume and polymer processing product lines. EBITDA in the current quarter has improved compared to the prior two quarters of the current year and year-to-date is $4 million higher than the prior year. On Slide 7, you'll see Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $171 million decreased 4% compared to the prior year's third quarter. The decrease was driven by continued softness in the medical fluid components division related to destocking in single-use plastic components for biopharma applications and fluid solutions product lines specifically for electronics assembly primarily in Asia Pacific. This pressure was partially offset by double-digit growth in our medical interventional solutions product lines. Third quarter EBITDA was $68 million or 40% of sales, which is a decrease of $8 million compared to the prior year EBITDA of $76 million. EBITDA continued to be impacted by meaningful sales mix changes within medical product lines. It is noteworthy that the segment EBITDA margin sequentially improved 200 basis points over the second quarter of 2023 and back to the profitability levels this segment delivered in 2021 and 2022. Turning to Slide 8, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $140 million, a 3% decrease compared to the prior year third quarter. During the quarter, the CyberOptics acquisition contributed 11% growth. Organic sales volume was down 13%. The organic decrease was driven by electronics dispense product line, serving the semiconductor end markets, predominantly in Asia Pacific, slightly offset by continued growth in test and inspection products. The cyclical downturn of demand in the semiconductor market will anniversary in the second quarter of fiscal 2024, which aligns with the historic downcycles lasting approximately four to five quarters. Structural cost reduction actions were taken during the third quarter of fiscal 2023 to address the volume decrease in electronics dispense products. For example, they've chosen to outsource their fabrication shop to focus on more value-added precision dispense technology, resulting in a $2 million of non-recurring severance cost. Third quarter EBITDA was $33 million or 24% of sales, which was an improvement compared to the prior year third quarter EBITDA of $30 million. The improvement in EBITDA during the quarter was driven by favorable sales mix and continued realization of cost savings actions. Despite the double-digit organic sales volume decrease, this segment is delivering quarterly profitability only 100 basis points below 2022 levels. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 9. We had a very strong cash flow quarter, generating $181 million in free cash flow, bringing our year-to-date cash conversion rate on net income to 126%. Cash ended the quarter at $143 million and net debt was $695 million, resulting in a 0.9 times leverage ratio based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities such as our upcoming acquisition of ARAG. We expect to close the ARAG acquisition by the end of August and exit the year with a net debt to EBITDA leverage ratio of approximately 2 times. During the third quarter, we repaid $111 million of debt, paid $37 million in dividends and spent $23 million on repurchasing approximately 107,000 shares of company stock at an average price of $217 per share. Our Board approved a 5% increase in our annual dividend, effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. This marks the 60th consecutive year the company has increased its dividend, an impressive accomplishment only enabled by maintaining a truly differentiated precision technology portfolio and serving diverse end markets. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 2023, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22% and capital expenditures of approximately $35 million to $40 million, as several of our investment timelines have pushed out. With our upcoming acquisition of ARAG, I want to provide you with some assumptions for modeling purposes. For revenue, assume approximately $20 million to $30 million in fiscal '23. EBITDA margins are expected in the high-30% range. We expect ARAG to be slightly dilutive to GAAP EPS in Q4 2023 due to increased amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and interest expense associated with the acquisition. Excluding acquisition costs and related intangible amortization, EPS should be neutral for the fourth quarter. Due to the expeditious nature of the close, the acquisition will initially be financed with a short-term loan and revolver borrowings. We anticipate following up with a bond issuance in the public markets later this year, and we are currently working through the ratings process. Based on current market conditions, assume a weighted average interest rate of approximately 5.5% for total Nordson debt in 2024. We will now turn to Slide 10, and I'll turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Joe. Our team continues to execute the Ascend strategy, which is clear in the strong profitability delivered in this quarter. While we are managing the short-term sales weakness related to the biopharma end-market and electronic cycle, we're getting closer to anniversarying that pressure in fiscal 2024. Related to the biopharma product lines in our medical fluid components division, we believe we have seen the bottom of the customers' unique supply chain destocking trend and will anniversary this pressure in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Following this period, we cautiously expect the medical fluid components business to return to its historical mid to high single-digit growth rate over time. Moving onto electronics end markets. I visited our Electronics Processing Solutions leadership team in Carlsbad, California earlier this month. Our team's expectation is that electronics CapEx spend cycle will begin to turn in the second half of the calendar 2024. We expect to benefit from customer investments in automation, memory, AI and electronics new product innovation. In the meantime, this division is successfully managing costs, while staying invested in profitable growth opportunities identified through the NBS Next growth framework. In fact, the EPS division exceeded its targeted decremental margins during this low-volume period. We also continued to be pleased with the growth of our test and inspection division, which mutes the volatility of the electronic cycle. Geographically, we are closely monitoring the pressure in Asia Pacific region, specifically in China. The regional sales weakness was largely related to the electronics exposure, though there was weakness in demand across all three segments, some of which was due to the timing of large system orders. Nordson has a well-established footprint in China with long-tenured and knowledgeable employees. We will remain close to our customers and support them appropriately. Simultaneously, Nordson's business model positions us well to support customers, if they decide to diversify their supply chain to other regions of Asia or into the Americas and Europe. Our customer intimate business model ensures we are prepared to fully participate as global supply chains rebalance. Finally, I'd like to share an update on the Ascend strategy. Acquisitions are a very important part of our goal to achieve $3 billion in revenue by 2025. Of the $500 million acquired revenue target we set at our 2021 Investor Day, we are now nearly 80% of the way there. In June, we announced the acquisition of ARAG, a global market and innovation leader in precision spraying technology. Precision dispense technology is core to Nordson. Over nearly 70 years, we have expanded that expertise beyond our beginnings in industrial applications into dispense for packaging, product assembly, non-wovens, electronics, medical and more. Through it all, we adhered to disciplined strategic acquisition criteria, differentiated technology generated Nordson-like gross margins, high-growth end-market applications and the customer-centric business model. The acquisition of ARAG meets all of these criteria and expands our technology expertise into the high-growth end-market of precision agriculture, and is the largest single acquisition in our history. Today, ARAG is the market leader in precision agriculture technology in Europe and South America. ARAG fluid components are sold to implement manufacturers, who in turn sell to the tractor manufacturers or OEMs. ARAG closely works with all of the customers within these channels to ensure its innovation pipeline, supports the customers' goals of improving crop yields and minimizing the use of expensive fertilizers and chemicals. It is also important to note that over 40% of ARAG's revenue is recurring aftermarket sales sold through distributors. We were attracted to the continued growth opportunity in ARAG's existing geographic markets. The opportunity to invest and grow ARAG's technology in North America presents an attractive proposition beyond the existing core market growth, upon which we valued the company. I'm very excited about the ARAG acquisition and the long-term profitable growth opportunities in our business. We have a winning team, who is focused on the customer and managing through unique market headwinds, while delivering solid profitability and cash flow. Turning to the outlook for the remainder of the year on Slide 12. We are narrowing our previously provided 2023 revenue guidance to 0% to 2% growth over record fiscal 2022 and narrowing our adjusted earnings guidance to $8.90 to $9.05. Looking specifically at the quarterly sales and earnings split on Slide 13, we expect fourth quarter sales to be the strongest of the year, increasing low to mid-single-digits over the prior year fourth quarter at the midpoint. This guidance includes approximately $20 million to $30 million of sales from the ARAG acquisition that we expect to close in late August. Fourth quarter earnings are forecasted in the range of $2.34 to $2.49 per share. Embedded in our forecast is strong profitability and cash conversion performance, which is a result of Nordson's operational excellence, a clear competitive advantage created through the execution of the Ascend strategy by winning teams with an owner mindset. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] One moment for your first question. Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Jeff.
Joseph Kelley: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So, just really want to unpack the guidance change. I mean, I hear kind of Asia Pac and electronics kind of weaker and then the ARAG impact. So maybe just unpack kind of what drives the lower-end. And it seemed like the revenue was lighter in 3Q, but 4Q seems kind of in line, but maybe just a little more help on the moving pieces. Thanks.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So let me take a start with that Jeff, if I could. So at the midpoint of the guide, it's roughly 3.5% growth. And so, when you think about that for Q4, the acquisition should contribute about 6%, FX will be favorable, about 2.5% and from an organic standpoint, it's negative 5%, which is consistent with what we just delivered here in Q3. And then when you think about the range, I appreciate on the ARAG acquisition, the timing of the actual close will contribute to that. And the first two months post-acquisition, we have that range there of $20 million (ph) to $30 million. So that drive some volatility, I would say, or flex expands the range on the revenue guidance a little bit there. The other is -- as I would tell you is the timing of some large system shipments. Q4 last year was our strongest quarter of the year as you recall, and Q4 this year is forecasted to be the same. And so, there are large system deliveries in there. And so, sometimes those get pushed and pulled out, so that contributes to little bit to the how wide the range is on revenue. And from an end-market standpoint, Naga, you can comment.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. From an end-market perspective, if you think about the three segments, IPS, we feel pretty good about where we are at in comparison to our long-term, as well as sequentially. We expect this system to continue to be at or above our long-term growth rate. So that's what is embedded in the growth. Suddenly, electronics and biopharma continuing at the levels they are today, we don't expect them to recover here in the fourth quarter. They certainly are our expectation, and we'll talk a little bit more about it later. In that electronics, we expect sometime in middle of calendar 2024 is when we expect that to turn and biopharma sometime in the first quarter of 2024 is when we anniversary, but the growth on biopharma is going to be, as I indicated in my initial comments, that is going to be -- we're going to be cautious here as to when that fully recovers to its high single-digits kind of growth rate. But nothing in biopharma long-term secular trends have been impacted. So we fully expect we will get to it. It is just a matter of how long it takes for us to get back to it. And then if you think about our medical IS business, that is growing double-digits. We fully expect that in the fourth quarter, we continue to do so. Our polymer processing businesses are doing incredibly well, and they are expected to do well in the next quarter. And we've got a couple of system businesses that are -- that have strong backlog we expect to do well as well.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just some housekeeping questions on the ARAG deal one. So I think you said high-30s EBITDA margins. Just wondering what -- if you've done the purchase accounting, what the D&A component is that would kind of get you to -- to an kind of ongoing operating margin for that business in -- at least in year-one. And then just a clarification on the interest expense at 5.5% is weighted for the total company, or is that for the ARAG deal and if so, just kind of how to think about the interest cost associated with funding ARAG would be? Thanks.
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. So let me take a stab at that, Jeff. First of all, on the purchase accounting, we'll hold off and I'll give some clear guidance on that when we do our full-year 2024. And so, right now, the guide with the amortization just is really looking at historical trends for acquisitions of this nature and a percentage of the purchase price, but we will firm that up, when we issue the 2024 guide for Nordson, which will include purchase accounting assumptions on ARAG. On the interest expense, given the current market conditions, depending on where the bonds will price later this year, our estimate currently is that total Nordson interest expense will be roughly 5% to 5.5% based on current market conditions. And that's for our weighted basket of debt.
Jeff Hammond: And what would -- what would that have been kind of pre the bond offering, or pre-ARAG?
Joseph Kelley: If you look from a year-to-date standpoint, we're slightly below 5% in terms of our weighted average interest cost.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Appreciate it. I'll get back in queue.
Joseph Kelley: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joseph Kelley: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: I want to go back to your comments on China. Is there any way that -- I know there are some cyclical aspects to it, but you did talk to sort of maybe potentially structural. Are you starting to see some, I would say, industry minimizing that region because you did talk about maybe the offsets in other regions for you? Just -- I don't know if there's any way to decide or what you're seeing in terms of the cyclical versus structural over there at this point.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. If you think about China itself, right, a majority of our electronic businesses -- if you look at our electronic business divisions, more than 75% of their revenues is in Asia, right? And significant part of that is in China. So if you think about our China, Asia Pac impact, what you find is the majority of the China impact is due to electronics. And so, that is more cyclical and we fully expect that it follows the cyclicality. What we -- what we do see is our major global customers. So if you think about our China exposure, our China exposure is following large international global customers to China. And we do have some mid-tier Chinese customers that we serve, but across the segments, mostly it is global customers. What we find with most of our global customers, there is some amount of rebalancing of supply chain going on, but we don't see anybody making significant moves out of China. It seems from our work with our customers in other regions, be it in North America or be it in Europe or in other parts of Asia, we do see customers building, let's say, additional capacity or new capacity in different regions other than China. So that's why you begin to see in our regional numbers a nice growth in Americas and a nice growth in Europe and a decline in Asia Pac. Asia Pac, in some ways, a big part of it is China. Japan in general is doing really well for us. It's a smaller business, but it is doing well. So, from what we can see, the majority of the decline that we see today is cyclical related to electronics. We do see some large system misses which are and could be up and down given in any quarter. So, we don't see anything structurally changing, but we do see investments happening in other places, if that makes sense.
Allison Poliniak: It does. That was helpful, thanks. And then, backlog is still relatively strong. There's been a lot of supply chain rebalancing this year. Do you feel like a lot of that's out of the backlog at this point and it's really just sort of backlog growth as we look forward or projects being pushed out? Just any color on that backlog number would be great.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I'll give you some color and Joe can help me with some additional detail, but the way to think about is our backlog is so historically high. And that historically high backlog is driven by couple of system businesses and our medical interventional business, where we get longer-term orders, which kind of go into our backlog, right? So if you think about majority, about 60%, 70% of our business, we fundamentally believe our backlogs have normalized to the pre-pandemic levels. So, you can think about supply chain normalizing in 60%, 70% of the businesses, these elevated targets mainly related to large system businesses, be it our polymer processing business or our ICS business and our medical IS business, which is sort of our -- where customers give us blanket orders. Joe, would you add anything more to that?
Joseph Kelley: No. I would just -- I would be just repeating what you said. I mean if you think about our backlog worth of $1 billion, it used to be balanced across all the divisions. It has migrated over the last, I would tell you six months, maybe nine months and today, it's disproportionately heavy weighted -- heavily weighted on the large systems businesses and medical IS where the remaining, which is the majority of our business has normalized to historical levels.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Yeah, thanks. Couple of questions. If we kind of think about fiscal '24 at a high level with the electronics piece seemingly turning in the second half, does that -- is that going to line up or coincide with a continued strength in T&I, or is there a little bit of give and take here? And I basically has the same question for the medical side of the business. As biopharma begins to reaccelerate, does medical interventional begin to rollover or decelerate? And I guess at the end of the day, I'm trying to conclude whether or not we can see a thinking, if you will, of organic growth between all four of those different pieces of the business, such that we see pretty good things out of Nordson towards the latter part of next year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. So let me -- I'll give you some color around the end markets and what our expectations are, and Joe, maybe you could add some numbers next to with -- to the extent that we can. So first of all, we're not giving guidance for '24 yet. So that's the perspective I'd give you, but in terms of end-market color, Matt, that's a really good question. Our expectations in -- let me start with electronics. My expectations are that our electronic cycle sort of rebounds calendar 2024 -- middle of calendar 2024. And at that time, our expectation is that you're going to see growth both in T&I and EPS. All along, we've talked about T&I yielding the amplitude of the cycles. That's really what T&I is doing for us. It is not -- it is not like T&I is not cyclical, it's just the cycle amplitude. It's smaller in T&I when compared to EPS, based on the business, as we -- based on the customers and the end applications we serve. So clearly, ATS, from a historical perspective, is muted, but as it comes back, you're going to see EPS bounce back nicely like the traditional way we've done. But T&I will benefit from this as well. So it is not -- T&I is not going to benefit. So that is the electronic piece of it. If you think about our biopharma and medical, what you're going to find is medical has some very strong double-digit growth here for the last couple of quarters, mainly because as you're coming off of backlog and as you have elective surgery all getting back to normal. What you find is this pretty big uptick in demand for medical interventional compartments. That certainly, as we get into '24 and later, you would expect that start to go to its historical mid to high single-digits growth rate. On the biopharma, we fundamentally believe that it has bottomed out and it's sort of settling in at these current levels. By the end of first quarter, what you begin to see is we anniversary the growth rates that we have enjoyed for two years -- two full (ph) years of double-digit growth in fluid components, that anniversaries itself. But I would caution us in terms of how fast we get back to the high-single-digit growth on biopharma. We fundamentally believe we'll get there. What we are not sure right now is how long it takes for us to get to that high-single-digit growth rate. We believe nothing is impaired, but we're also cautious in terms of how fast the ramp happens. Hopefully, that gives you color on both those questions. Joe, anything else to add on the numbers?
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. I would just say, Matt, when you think about it, the electronics, the EPS division is down like roughly 20%. When you study the T&I, given the diversity of that end-market, those applications, while it may go through ups and downs and it's been growing the last several years, I wouldn't anticipate a scenario -- we don't see a scenario where that's down 20%, offsetting some recovery in EPS. And similarly, I would tell you, if you go to the medical mix -- in our -- the destocking going on there in the biopharma is quite unique, where it's down 30%, 40%, whereas the medical interventional solution, yes, it's growing nice double-digits now, but if you go back during the pandemic, the COVID, that was only down in the, I would say, 10%, maybe 15%. So, it just doesn't have the magnitude of the swings that we're seeing in the current down-cycle. So, I wouldn't anticipate that to offset the recovery in those in '24.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think...
Matt Summerville: Got it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And just in addition to that, I would say, is medical fluid components flattens out, maybe picks up a little bit. And our interventional component grows high-single digits is sort of how I would...
Matt Summerville: Got it. That's helpful. And then, just as a follow-up, can you maybe talk about -- it sounded like you were running two concurrent $1 billion M&A processes over the last few months. Maybe talk about what made you kind of halt or walk away from the other deal and why ARAG maybe won out over the other potential candidate?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. If you look at both the deals, we were excited strategically for both those opportunities. They fit right smack dab in the middle of where we want it to be, highly-differentiated precision technologies, very attractive growth rates in end markets we really like in places we really understand and do well and have a customer-centric business model. So strategically, both of them were exactly where we want it to be and we pursue both of them equally, yeah. And so, what really when we came down to final due diligence, we exercise financial discipline, we've always talked about, look, we first go through the strategic criteria and if we like it, we go to the next step and then when it's financially make sense for the company, has a returns we'd like, then we do it. So what I'm telling you is that, on ARAG, we hit both of them. In the other deal, in the final analysis, we couldn't get there and we were financially disciplined and so we walked away from it.
Matt Summerville: Thanks, Naga.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Go ahead, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. One thing I would add, as we were talking about the end markets, Matt, in your question, the end-market challenges and the upsides and we talk about the two acquisitions. I would kind of step back and think about this quarter. And if you think about this quarter, what Nordson's team really did was have an operational excellence that kind of came through in the results. It really showed there were some challenges on the topline, but the team did an incredible job. And that showed during the bottom line, right? And one to look at it and say that's operational excellence and you could simply walk away. But from my vantage point, what really shines through is the work we've been doing inside the company around Ascend strategy and the competitive advantage we are building. And this competitive advantage of Ascend strategy really what it is, is you've got strong winning teams with an incredible owner mindset that are executing the NBS Next growth framework and delivering results, right? That's the competitive advantage we are building and that shows up in three different ways. One, it shows up in divisions where end-market conditions are challenged, the team really takes an owner mindset and figures out what kind of cost actions we need to take and deliver decremental margins that we've talked about in the 55%. Then you have a set of divisions that have strong market opportunities and really fully participating in that growth through incredible customer service and delivering really strong incremental margins, right? And then on the third side, the company not sitting idle, certainly looking at what are the growth opportunities through acquisitions. And so, the team really -- the three different themes and end of the day, that's what we're talking about here. That's in my mind is what is coming through in our results in the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning, Naga and Joe, Lara. I was curious about the polymer markets, if there is any sort of interesting structural dynamics, what you're seeing in terms of a typical timing around a recap cycle or market penetration momentum? Just curious for a higher-level view of that market.
Sundaram Nagarajan: What we're seeing is, this is a set of businesses that we've gone through some pretty good work around setting the business up for taking advantage of the growth opportunities. Really the biggest growth opportunity that is out there that this team is pursuing really is the recycling. And what we find is given this whole issue around plastic usage reduction, I don't know whether I go as far as to say plastic ban, but in certain parts of the world, those words get thrown around, but we do find incredible demand for recycling. And we have some unique technology in our BKG business in Germany that allows us to serve that particular market. And I would highlight that as an pretty strong secular trend that is going on. And that business has some pretty strong backlog going into next year, significant part of next year.
Joseph Kelley: Chris, I would add when you think about that polymer processing you go back in time and remember the divestiture of the Xaloy business. The divestiture of that product line, I would tell you, resulted in upgrading the quality and the degree of differentiation of the product lines that remained in that polymer processing division. And so, I think that's what you see also fallen through some of these numbers.
Christopher Glynn: Makes sense. Thanks. And just going back to Jeff's question on the D&A for ARAG, you referenced kind of rule of thumb metric informing the 4Q guide in terms of percentage of sales D&A. Just curious if that rule of thumb sort of correlates around 2.5%, 3% of purchase price, since you kind of put it in generic terms and also on ARAG, just the 40% through distribution, I know it's viewed as recurring, but stocking comes into question, particularly on the heels of a couple year of global supply chain volatility. So just curious how you view the inventory levels the channel kind of balances and equanimity across that stock and flow sort of business.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So maybe help me. So you want to take the D&A question first, and then I can maybe make a comment around the inventory piece.
Joseph Kelley: Yeah. The answer to your question is, yes, that typical 2.5% of purchase price is our starting point in terms of the annual amortization.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And in terms of inventory, remember, the recurring revenue here are parts. They're not significant systems are big units that are sitting in our distributor shelves that takes a little bit longer time. These are small sprayers and that sort of component. We're still -- we still don't own the business. Obviously, we don't have a lot of detailed information around where they are at. But my expectation would be that, that is not a significant issue for us in that business.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for the extra color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran of Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Participant: Hey. Good morning, everybody. This is [indiscernible] for Mike. Hoping you could provide a little bit more color on the order entry comment. It looks like orders were down sequentially. You talked about pressure in China in the Asia Pacific region. And then obviously, some of the -- some of the businesses are bouncing along the bottom. Can you maybe talk about some of the puts and takes that kind of got you to study? It just sounded like maybe the commentary was skewed a little bit more on to the negative side. And if you could just provide a little bit of color around order entry so far through August, if you said, that would be great.
Sundaram Nagarajan: All right. Let me start with where we're at in terms of the businesses, which is our electronics business and our fluid components biopharma business, both of those order entry has bottomed out is the best way to put it. So where they are currently performing, they have come to a place where we feel good about that it is not any further declines. We've seen as the quarter progressed, we could start to see that this is at the bottom. In terms of our businesses that are performing incredibly well and contributed to the growth, medical interventional business and our polymer solution business on the other end of the spectrum have done well and the order entry remains pretty robust. And then you have a group of businesses sort of in the middle, some a little bit high, some a little bit low. In all of those cases, what we truly find is the order entry has sequentially improved. They have improved through the quarters, and that's kind of where we would say. The order entry has not significantly picked up or significantly declined. And that's really how we come to saying that it is about steady.
Unidentified Participant: Got it. That's super helpful. And then following up on the question differentiating between T&I and the dispense side within the electronics business. Naga, you mentioned that the amplitude of the cycles is different between T&I. But can you maybe talk about the length? I know, for instance, we kind of refer to a typical four to five quarter slowdown in dispense. When the paper comes for the T&I business, is it typical to think of the length of the cycle and slowdown in similar terms, or should we be thinking about them differently as well?
Sundaram Nagarajan: No. From what we know and based on our experience, no, it's about similar. Maybe -- is there an offset? There could be a slight offset, but nothing significant. We don't believe so.
Unidentified Participant: Understood. All right. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back to Naga for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our strong operating performance reflects the strength of our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model and diversified end-markets. Again, I want to thank Nordson employees for their commitment, which makes these results possible. The continued deployment of Ascend strategy will position us well for long-term growth. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-05-23 10:25:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Nordson Corporation's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Results Conference Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 23, to report Nordson's fiscal 2023 second quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our Web site at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor Web site and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday, May 30, 2023. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss second quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Joe will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high-level commentary about our earnings performance. He will conclude with an update on the fiscal 2023 full year and third quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 second quarter conference call. During the second quarter, Nordson continued to experience a macro environment that can be described as a multi-speed economy. Customer demand in industrial, consumer non-durable and medical interventional end markets were solid.  Alternatively, electronic dispense product lines are being negatively impacted by the downside of the semiconductor cycle. And sales of biopharma product lines in our medical fluid components division continues to normalize the gains challenging prior year comparisons as customers continue to work through excess inventory. These factors balance themselves out and the team delivered organic sales growth of 1% compared to prior year's second quarter.  During the quarter, the teams also took targeted cost actions in areas where we are seeing weakness in customer demand. We believe these will enable us to effectively navigate the current business environment and strengthen our long-term position for profitable growth. Overall, we remain invested in our competitive differentiators, including our direct sales force, product innovation, and the training and execution of NBS Next growth framework. In a few moments, I'll speak more about the business and what we're seeing in our end markets. But first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Joe Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide 5, you will see second quarter fiscal 2023 sales were $650 million, an increase of 2% compared to the prior year's second quarter sales of $635 million. The increase was driven by organic growth of 1% and a 3% benefit from the CyberOptics acquisition offset by unfavorable currency impact of 2%. During the quarter, sales were strong in Asia Pacific with 7% growth, partially reflecting the timing difference related to the Chinese New Year.  Gross profit for the second quarter of fiscal 2023 totaled $352 million. Excluding severance costs, gross profit totaled $354 million, or 55% of sales, comparable to first quarter 2023 profitability as the team continues to actively manage the price cost dynamic and these inflationary periods. When compared to the prior year, adjusted gross margins are down 180 basis points resulting from sales mix changes and factory inefficiencies at sites dealing with reduced volumes.  Operating profit totaled $173 million in the quarter. During the quarter, we recorded one-time severance costs totaling $3 million. Adjusted operating profit, excluding these non-recurring items, was $176 million in the quarter, or 27% of sales, 4% below the prior year adjusted operating profit of $184 million.  EBITDA for the second quarter was $203 million, or 31% of sales, which is in line with our long-term target profitability level; however, $6 million below the prior year EBITDA of $209 million. The decrease was primarily driven by a $4 million currency translation headwind plus unfavorable sales mix, offset by the CyberOptics acquisition growth.  Looking at non-operating expenses, interest expense increased $5 million associated with higher borrowings and increased interest rates. Other net expense decreased $38 million, primarily related to the prior year non-recurring, non-cash pension annuitization charge of $41 million. Tax expense was 34 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which is in line with the prior year second quarter rate and the forecasted full year rate for 2023.  Net income in the quarter totaled $128 million, or $2.21 per share. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding non-recurring severance costs, totaled $2.26 per share, a 7% decrease from the prior year adjusted earnings. The decrease is primarily driven by lower operating profit and higher interest expense.  Now let's turn to Slide 6 through 8 to review the second quarter 2023 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $336 million increased 6% compared to the prior year second quarter, driven by strong organic growth of 9%, partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts of 2%. The organic growth was driven by robust demand in the polymer processing product lines as well as products sold into consumer non-durable end markets across most regions.  Operating profit for the quarter was $112 million, or 33% of sales, which is an increase of 9% compared to the prior year adjusted operating profit of $102 million despite some unfavorable currency translation impacts. As mentioned last quarter, IPS remains our most globally diverse segment, and therefore most exposed to currency translation changes and the timing difference with the Chinese New Year.  Looking on a constant currency basis and year-to-date, this segment has delivered 5% organic growth and incremental margins of 60% ahead of our targeted 40% to 45% incremental margins. This segment's continued strong performance demonstrates the power of the NBS Next growth framework.  On Slide 7, you'll see Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $167 million, decreased 3% compared to the prior year's second quarter. This change included a decrease in organic sales of 2% and a 1% decrease related to unfavorable currency impacts.  Strong demand for medical interventional solutions product lines, primarily in the Americas, was more than offset by softness in the medical fluid components serving biopharma applications and fluid solutions product lines in Europe and Asia. These factors drove a net 2% organic sales decrease.  During the second quarter, we took targeted cost actions in businesses responding to volume pressure that resulted in $1 million of non-recurring severance costs. Second quarter adjusted operating profit was $49 million, or 30% of sales, which is a decrease of $9 million compared to the prior year operating profit of $58 million.  The decrease in operating profit was driven by the meaningful sales mix changes within the medical product lines and related factory inefficiencies due to reduced volumes. It is noteworthy that the segment profitability sequentially improved 400 basis points over the first quarter of 2023 and is again running more in line with the profitability levels of the prior two years.  Turning to Slide 8, you'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $148 million, a 1% increase compared to the prior year second quarter. During the quarter, the CyberOptics acquisition contributed 12% growth. Organic sales volumes were down 10% and unfavorable currency impact during the quarter was 2%.  The organic decrease was driven by electronics dispense products serving the semiconductor end markets in the Americas and Asia, slightly offset by continued growth in the test and inspection product lines. Cost reduction actions during the second quarter of fiscal 2023 to address the significant decrease in electronics dispense product lines were structural in nature and resulted in $2 million of non-recurring severance costs.  The second quarter adjusted operating profit was $28 million, or 19% of sales, which was below the prior year second quarter operating profit of $40 million. The decrease in adjusted operating profit was driven by the organic sales decrease, partially offset by the profitable acquisition growth.  Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 9. Our second quarter balance sheet includes cash of $129 million and net debt was $820 million, resulting in a one-time leverage ratio based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA.  We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Free cash flow in the quarter was $159 million, bringing the year-to-date cash conversion rate on net income to 118% as working capital efficiency improved during the current quarter.  During the second quarter, we made $37 million in dividend payments and spent 47 million on repurchasing approximately 221,000 shares of company stock at an average price of $212 per share. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 2023, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22% and capital expenditures of approximately $45 million to $50 million.  We'll now turn to Slide 10, and I'll turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Joe. Going into fiscal 2023, we knew we would be dealing with a dynamic environment. As the year progresses, we gain better visibility through our customers. And I would now like to provide an update of what we are seeing in our end markets. In the Industrial Precision Solutions segment, we continue to see steady demand in industrial and consumer non-durable product lines. Investments continue to be made in automotive product lines, notably electric vehicles. We're also seeing continuing strength in our polymer processing product lines related to recycling and battery applications. These diverse end markets and applications combined with our direct sales and the combination of both systems and parts revenue is driving the strong year-to-date profitable growth for this segment, which Joe reviewed.  Turning to the Medical and Fluid Solutions segment, we continue to experience double digit growth in our interventional solutions product lines and the backlog is strong. These products include balloons, cannulas and catheters that are integrated into medical devices for a variety of procedures, including heart valve replacement, stent delivery, angioplasties, and ECMO for blood oxygenation.  The fluid solution product lines within the MFS segment serve a diverse set of end markets, including industrial, construction, electronics assembly, animal health and medical. The construction and electronics assembly end markets within this product line continue to see soft demand, particularly in Asia and Europe.  Finally, in the MFS segment, our medical fluid component product lines which makes single use plastic connectors, stopcocks and valves for the medical and biopharmaceutical markets. Over the past two years, this division benefited from strong double digit organic growth in biopharma applications.  As we shared in the last quarter, our customers in this end market are continuing to work through inventory destocking. As this business normalizes, the patient care applications within fluid components, such as blood pressure cuffs and IV bags remain stable. That said, the normalization within the biopharma market continues to provide a significant growth headwind for this segment.  Within the Advanced Technology Solutions segment, we're in the midst of the downside of electronic cycle. This has impacted sales in our electronics dispense and CyberOptics product lines. We firmly believe in the long-term growth of the electronics end market. We have not yet seen the benefits from investments related to the CHIPS Act, as we all know that the investment in automation, memory and electronic new product innovation will continue.  While the teams took targeted actions to adjust cost structure for current volumes, we remain invested in product innovation that will serve this end market. Growth in our X-Ray test and inspection product lines are successfully muting the historic volatility of this cycle. Even in the downside of the cycle, customers continue to invest in T&I systems to ensure quality and efficiency in their manufacturing lines.  Our CyberOptics acquisition has more exposure to the memory end market, so its product lines have experienced weakness. Regardless, we remain excited about the long-term growth opportunities in the optical end market, and we are pleased with the ongoing integration of this business. I remind investors the past two years this segment delivered 17% organic growth on average. This multiple quarter dip is simply the cycle of semiconductor capital expenditures and we continue to be encouraged by our differentiated technology serving this long-term attractive growth market.  Overall, the diversification of the Nordson product portfolio end market and geographic exposure enables sustainable profitable growth. However, we are in a period where two divisions are seeing significant market corrections, semiconductor equipment and biopharma connectors. The remaining nine divisions or approximately 80% of Nordson is delivering 5% organic growth year-to-date at targeted incremental profit levels.  Considering the combination of these end market headwinds and tailwinds as well as current order entry, we are maintaining our previously provided 2023 revenue guidance of 0% to 3% growth over fiscal 2022 and narrowing our adjusted earnings to the range of $8.90 to $9.30. Looking specifically at the quarterly sales and earnings split, Q2 2023 was stronger than anticipated, as some sales previously forecasted for Q3 were pulled into Q2. Therefore, we're now forecasting third quarter fiscal 2023 sales to be comparable to the prior year third quarter. Third quarter earnings are forecasted in the range of $2.20 to $2.35 per share. We expect fourth quarter sales to be the strongest of the year, increasing low to mid single digits over the prior year fourth quarter.  Our full year guidance range sustains our record 2022 sales performance, which is a testament to our dedicated employees, our customer-focused business model, the diversification of our end markets, and the solid execution of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support.  With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Jeff.
Joe Kelley: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: I just want to focus on the biopharma piece. I know you talked about inventory destocking. I think you had thought maybe by 2Q it'd be wrapping up, but it sounds like it is lingering. So just trying to get a better sense of your visibility for that business to kind of either hit easier comps or re-inflect positive?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. Overall, I would start with biopharma secular growth drivers all intact. There is no negative impact to what we have always thought about this business. So this is a strong, high single digit growth business. In terms of this short-term destocking, what we had expected was maybe we would be in the second quarter recovering from it, but it doesn't look like it as we have indicated. Our expectations are by the end of this year, we should be back to normalized order patterns from our customers. And so also by this time, you would have the comps -- the growth comps would also be anniversaried by that time.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. And then can you give us a little more color on where you saw the systems pull forward in terms of segment or business detail? And then just a little more color on your level of visibility for that strong fourth quarter ramp? Thanks.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Jeff, I guess as it relates to the second part of that question, the visibility, what I would tell you is our backlog remains at a very elevated level, near $1 billion. But the mix is very different. If you think about our business and our backlog pre-COVID, we typically ran with a backlog that was 80% to 90% of quarterly sales. But today, I would tell you, 65% of our business has roughly normalized where the backlog is about 1% of quarterly sales. But there's 35% of our business where the backlog remains elevated, I'd call it 2.5 quarters worth of sales in backlog. And the majority of this is our large systems business, particularly in the coatings and plastics processing, which to answer your question is in the IPS segment. Here, these are discrete large system orders where we have customer prepayments and we have clear visibility to customer requests dates. That being said, they can't move depending on the customer request dates and our ability to ship within the quarters. The remainder of the heavy backlog is in our medical interventional solutions business. And here, these are large blanket orders placed by our customers for spec in product. And then they routinely communicate delivery quantities. So when you think about it and our strong Q4, it's predominantly driven by these heavy systems businesses where we do have backlog. But it could fluctuate on any given quarter. As you saw here in Q2, some of the IPS, the coatings particularly and the coatings and the plastic processing, which was quite strong, the plastic processing was where we saw the pull in from Q3 to Q2. And so that's -- it's really the large systems business within IPS that's driving our clear visibility, I would say, to Q4 and customer timing, but also results in our ability to pull in or push out on any given quarter for these large systems.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me add something to that color is that we feel really strong about the systems businesses, as Joe indicated. It is also a strong testament of NBS Next growth framework in action. What you find here is that the businesses are truly focused on our best products and have the agility and flexibility to respond to customer demand in a market leading way, so we feel really, really strongly about it. And we also feel good about our medical intervention of business, which is showing some pretty strong strength. I would say those two things drive our optimism for the fourth quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saree Boroditsky from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joe Kelley: Good morning.
Saree Boroditsky: So I guess first, the weakness in ATS obviously it's been well telegraphed. But there's also a lot of government funding going towards semis. You mentioned a little bit about the CHIPS Act. So when would you start to see that benefit? And then how long do we think about this down cycle given that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. The way to think about it, if you look at historical semi cycles, expect that -- the normal cycle expects about four quarters of downturn. And so we are in quarter two is really where we are. So what we expect is somewhere middle of next year for sure we'll be in a place where this expenditures start to come back, the CapEx expenditures start to come back. Our conversations with our customers are pretty bullish about the long-term prospects for this business. As you know, given geopolitical considerations, given that CHIPS Act is going to come in, what you find our businesses benefit from CapEx expenditures that are allocated from these kind of investments our customers are making are typically towards the end of their construction. So right now people are constructing plans, they would eventually start putting in equipment, ours would come in at sort of the back end of that expenditure that goes towards packaging of semiconductors. That's where you would see us benefit.
Saree Boroditsky: That's helpful. Then thinking with ATS, margins there have been rather volatile. I know some of this is mix related. But what is normalized mix? And how do we think about margins here into 2024 and over the long term?
Joe Kelley: Yes. Saree, when you think about the ATS business, as I mentioned in the quarter, we were responding as you saw to the lower volumes for semiconductor. And some of those cost actions were structural in nature, which will help us going forward in terms of the margin profile. But a portion of that I would tell you at the consolidated level over 100 basis points was the impact of responding to the lower volumes both in semiconductor and in the medical fluid components business. But specifically, on the ATS segment, when you think about the profitability, over the last several years, that has improved quite significantly from let's just say 11% operating profit margins up to ending last year at 29%. So right now, running at these volumes, it's roughly 19% in the quarter. And that's how I would think about it for this year at these volumes with this mix.
Saree Boroditsky: And as you think about 2024, is there anything like mix related that we think about benefitting or is it really a question of volume at this point?
Joe Kelley: Yes, I see no reason as we recover that we wouldn't get back to the '22 tight margins for this segment.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Dankert from Loop Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. As I look at the guide for fiscal third quarter here, the reason for the comp below seasonal sales expectation, is it just the timing of backlog, is it that semis are actually getting weaker? Just can you kind of give us a little more color around how to think about that third quarter sales guide?
Joe Kelley: Yes. As it relates to the semiconductor, and we've commented, order entry appears to have leveled off as it relates to those particular product lines. And so while we saw a sequential deterioration in semiconductor sales, the guide for Q3 does not imply further sequential deterioration from the Q2 levels for semiconductor specifically. It is the timing issue between Q3 and Q4. And actually Q2 is predominantly on those large systems sales, Chris, particularly in the plastics and in the coatings space where we do have the backlog. And there were cases where some got pulled forward. I would estimate roughly about 10 million got pulled forward from Q3 into Q2. And now roughly speaking, probably 10 million got pushed out from Q3 to Q4. That's how I would think about the guide.
Chris Dankert: Got it. That's very, very helpful. And then maybe just kind of a housekeeping thing here. Could you quickly remind us about the mix within that MFS segment in the interventional versus life sciences versus EFD, I think there's a little bit of confusion there?
Joe Kelley: Yes. So the way I would think about that is you're correct. So there's the medical biopharma, which is roughly I would tell you $100 million business and then there's the interventional solution which is roughly $300 million annual business. And then the remainder is your EFD, which is your fluid dispense. And as a reminder, that business serves a diverse set of end markets, some of which are medical, some of which are construction, some of which are industrial, and some of which are actually electronics; electronics assembly, some semiconductor. And so it's a very diverse set of end markets served by that business. And so in the quarter, we saw significant strength in the medical interventional solutions business, as Naga has mentioned, and that order entry there continues to be strong. Growth is strong. The biopharma has been talked about, but within that EFD business, I will tell you the electronics semiconductor component of that was pressured within the quarter and contributed to the performance.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me add some little bit more color to the fluid components business. Of those 100 million, not all of it is biopharma. A portion of it is biopharma. But you also have other medical fluid connector applications in that business. And so what you find is biopharma is the one that is sort of normalizing. But you have other connectors that have been pretty stable. But the biopharma normalization was fairly significant to show up at the division level. And as I indicated in one of my answers, we expect that this normalizes by the end of the year.
Chris Dankert: That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a couple quick questions. Just to put a finer point on third quarter EPS guidance relative to last year, roughly a $0.20 delta on flat revenue, currency is going to be probably a somewhat material tailwind in the quarter. Can you kind of parse out what's driving the year-over-year reduction in earnings on flat sales?
Joe Kelley: Yes. There's two components also to that earnings guide. One is interest expense is clearly up on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. On the full year, it's going to be up about 20 million. So that contributes. And then also last year, there was some FX hedged gains in the quarter, which benefited, which are not forecasted to repeat. And so those are below the OP, which I would tell you are having an impact on the year-over-year earnings guide.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sorry, Matt. Just to add, I think it's important to remember that in the quarter, we delivered 31% EBITDA margins, so about all of these above the line. Operationally, while the earnings are pretty strong at 31%, our expectation is that we are at that level going into the second half of the year.
Matt Summerville: Got it. That's helpful. And maybe just spend a minute, Naga, talking about any sort of evolution in your M&A funnel backlog relative to coming out of last quarter, how you're thinking about actionability, et cetera, therein?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Our acquisition pipeline remains healthy. We continue to work on projects. Our focus areas remain the same, which is sort of continuing to expand our test in inspection, continuing to add to any core businesses around dispensing if we run into that, or continuing to scale up our medical businesses. So those three things strategically have not changed. Pipeline, pretty healthy, but we remain financially disciplined. And we've talked about those criteria. And so we continue to work it. But you're going to expect to see us be disciplined, but our work continues. So there is -- I can only tell you that this is top of mind and it's an important piece of our growth strategy. Just as a reminder, we committed to delivering $500 million in acquisitions for over the plan period, and we have acquired up to $225 million in revenues already, and fully expect that we will deliver on that $500 million in the plan period. And so good work and we have demonstrated we are flexible in type of deals we're able to do. We have completed CyberOptics, which is sort of a public company deal. Last year, we did a public company carve out, but we remain invested in this process and feel good about where we are.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Halloran from Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Mike.
Joe Kelley: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: So a couple here. First, how are you guys thinking about backlog normalization still very elevated? It sounds like you don't expect that to get more normalized until probably next year. And then related, any -- in your guidance, is there any change in the assumptions for underlying demand at this point from current levels? Or is the run rate you're seeing kind of what's embedded in the guide from here out?
Joe Kelley: Yes. I guess let me take the first part on the backlog question, Mike. I would tell you, if you look at 65% of our business, that backlog is getting close to historical pre-COVID levels. If you say pre-COVID levels, we ran this business at about 80% to 90% of quarterly sales in backlog heading into any given quarter. For 65% of our business, we're at about one quarter worth in the backlog. So it's almost at historical levels. The piece that hasn't reverted and I don't know that it is going to revert to historical practices is about 35% of our businesses, which is the large systems business, the coatings business, the plastics business, and the medical interventional solution business. There where we continue to have backlog at an elevated level, orders continue to be strong and it's about 2.5 quarters worth of backlog that we're running in those businesses. And so we're not seeing that portion of our business revert to historical norms, while the remainder is.
Mike Halloran: And the second part of the question then.
Joe Kelley: Sorry. Could you repeat the second part of the question please?
Mike Halloran: Just within the guide, is there any assumption for improvement or deterioration underlying fundamentals avoiding backlog normalization noted in the guide?
Joe Kelley: Yes. So if you look at our assumption on order entry, we do feel that it has stabilized at the level we saw that stabilization throughout Q2. And so we continue to -- the guide assumes that we remain at these levels. And then what you have within the quarters is the timing of the systems deliveries. And so that's what drives the quarterly fluctuations.
Mike Halloran: Sounds good. And then within the medical business, the fluid business there, should that just correlate more with ATF at a high level on a forward basis? And how are you guys thinking about the normalization of that piece? Because within the biopharma piece, you've given a lot of context to the other parts of that medical side of things you're feeling pretty healthy about. So just more of the timing on that remaining piece and how you think about that normalizing?
Sundaram Nagarajan: The biopharma is part of MFS, I would say, normalizes by the end of the year, right? And so going into next year, we are back to the 7%, 8% year-on-year growth. That's our expectation for our medical and fluid component business. And as you think about ATS, that's going to be a little bit in the middle of 2024. So our fluid components comes in first, our APS business comes in next. And some of this is normalization of comps too.
Mike Halloran: No. Naga, I think you mentioned that earlier in the call. I was more specifically referring to the parts of that segment that are working construction, the optimizing, et cetera, type pieces.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay. Joe, do you want to take --
Joe Kelley: Yes. The management piece of MFS that's not on the medical interventional and not on the medical fluid components side, that piece of the business EFD I would tell you roughly half of that business has the exposure and market exposure similar to our broad ATS segment. And the other half is more industrial, construction, there's animal health, there's medical. So that's how we think about it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And then --
Mike Halloran: Go ahead. Sorry, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sorry, Mike. So for the portion that has the electronics and construction exposure in Asia, you are right. We got to think about it like the ATS.
Mike Halloran: Great, I appreciate it. Last question, you guys mentioned some actions internally to normalize for demand. Is there any way you could quantify what those cost actions look like? Or are you thinking about more just run rates with demand and helps mitigate what those detrimental margins would look like?
Joe Kelley: Yes. The cost actions in the quarter were 3.5 million roughly to respond very focused actions within the MFS segment and the ATS segment to adjust our cost structure. I will tell you some of those, Mike, were structural not just the [indiscernible] piece. But we did take some structural cost reduction actions, particularly in ATS that will help benefit that segment as profitability recovers back to historical level let's just say in '24. And so the savings generated within the quarter -- within the year will offset the 3.5 million.
Mike Halloran: Great. I really appreciate it. Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Mike, I know you didn't ask this question. But one thing I would remind all of us is that, yes, the business is adjusting to the market demand. And I think that was the right thing for us to do. But I keep in front of mind for all of you that we stay invested in our customer-centric business model, in our product innovation, in NBS Next deployment. So this is really important of making sure the company is well positioned as we adjust for the short-term headwinds, is well positioned for long-term continued growth. More than 80% of the business is growing. And so we want to make sure we stay invested in innovation, stay invested in our customer experience. So that we do well in those parts, but also even in the parts where we have some short-term headwinds, we are invested in innovation.
Mike Halloran: Thanks, Naga. And maybe next call, we'll have a smoother back and forth. I won't cut you off.
Sundaram Nagarajan: That's okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joe Kelley: Good morning, Al.
Allison Poliniak: Naga, I'm starting to get some questions on China's Micron ban. Just any comments or color on flow through to you guys or any risks that you guys see there. Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Micron is somebody that we work with in our optical business. We are focused more on the long term, because as Micron expects its capacity in other places, we are certainly going to benefit. As you have seen, they have made some pretty strong projections on where they're investing here in North America. So as I think about this, we're going to benefit from alternate investments they make in capacity. So as you, Nordson benefits when people add new lines, expand capacity or make alternative investments. So I feel like, yes, that might have a pressure on their questions on what their investment. But I think long term, the way you want to think about this is this is another reason why they would want to expand their capability. Yes, there may be some impact on their volumes in China. But we're not -- our business is not impacted by volume of chips manufactured. In a lot of ways, we are very close -- our customer-centric business model allows us to stay in touch with our customers in a very close way, and allows us to understand where they're headed and what we're doing. So this is pretty new news. This is probably we thinking about how does it impact us in the long term?
Allison Poliniak: Understood. Thanks. And then you made a comment, IPS generating better growth and execution the main thing you had laid out at the Analyst meeting. Just want to understand kind of where the surprise was for you in terms of that division, will it sort of be development of products, is it execution, just get a better sense on how sustainable you think that is going forward?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think there are a couple of things that I'd like to point to. First, I'll point to that each of our businesses have been thinking about our NBS Next growth framework and have been using what we call internally strategic discipline. Strategic discipline really is about understanding the best growth opportunities and doubling down on those best growth opportunities. So what you begin to see here is a concerted effort by all of our divisions to be focused on the best growth opportunities. Definitely, they benefit from some macro secular trends that we are pretty excited about, first in terms of onshoring or reshoring or [indiscernible], whatever you want to call it, what you find is our customers beginning to add capacity moving away from Asia and investing more closer to home, we suddenly benefit from it. So that is an important one. The other thing that we're benefiting from in this business is that there are a number of emerging electric vehicle applications that are -- electric vehicle as well as battery manufacturing continues to evolve. So I wouldn't say this is fully solidified yet. But these new applications certainly help us and help the company play in some new applications we have not had opportunities, but strategic discipline kind of brings all of that into focus for the business, allows them to invest there. So those would be the two things that I would point to. Certainly execution inside the business in terms of our factory dedication to our best products is certainly also playing out. So in the businesses we have realistically implemented NBS Next, you're starting to see a significantly better customer service that is market leading. So I would point to those three things as sort of where we see how NBS Next is helping our teams deliver on growth opportunities.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Liptak from Seaport. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Walt.
Walter Liptak: Maybe as a follow on to the last couple of questions using NBS Next with these strategic disciplines. In the ATS segment, I think you guys have been working on trying to broaden some of the applications from traditional semiconductor electronics to automotive sensors, IoT, things like that. And I wonder if there's a metric that you're looking at now, or if there's something that you tell us about sort of the fruits of that effort?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Within the business, we have got like four targeted KPIs that we measure, which sort of gives us a view of how we are doing in terms of deploying NBS Next and we call it leadership level performance. So we have leadership level performance on customer growth is one of the key metrics for the business within the company. And what you're beginning to see is where businesses that are not impacted by significant macro trends, that metric is trending towards where we would like to be, right, and it differs from business to business. So I can't give you a specific number. But what I will tell you is business by business, the teams are identifying what is leadership level performance and we are beginning to see some nice progress in businesses on customer growth, certainly on new product innovation. And there are a couple of other metrics around customer service levels that we are very excited about. So number of internal metrics that allows us to track the effectiveness of the strategy deployment and execution that is leading to some pretty strong customer experience that we believe translates into growth and profitable growth for the company.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right, great. That's helpful. And then just switching over to IPS, again, the 9% organic, I wonder if you could help us understand how much of that was volume growth and how much was price?
Joe Kelley: Yes. Walt, this is Joe. I would tell you that the price realization for Nordson broadly improved in Q2, and so I would estimate that approximately 4% of that 9% for IPS segment would be attributed to price and 4% would be volume.
Walter Liptak: And then --
Joe Kelley: Sorry, go ahead.
Walter Liptak: And the 60% incremental margins looked really good too. Is there NBS Next in there, so we're now operating at a higher level or is that just catch up on some of the price cost? 
Joe Kelley: No, I would tell you that NBS Next expressing itself on the price cost, we got to the point where I would tell you that that is no longer a headwind. If you'll recall the last two quarters that's been pressuring our gross margins. And so here, that is price cost balanced for Nordson is no longer pressuring the gross margins as we have realized the price increase to offset inflation and maintain our margins. So what you'll see there in the 6% incremental margin for IPS is largely consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years. And I would tell you, there's a host of issues there, but it's the benefit of NBS Next and being broadly implemented throughout those divisions.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Congratulations on that. Thank you.
Joe Kelley: I would like to make one other comment, I think it's back to Matt's question around the Q3 guide. I spoke to what was assumed in the guide below operating profit. But when you look at the operating profit line and the gross margin line, our gross margins were at roughly 54.5% here in Q2 consistent with Q1. That being said, the drivers of that were a little bit different than Q1. The price realization is no longer a headwind. But what you see in Q2, the margins are pressured by the lower volumes that we've talked about on those two particular businesses. And then offsetting that is the growth but the growth is coming with a less favorable sales mix as it's becoming and coming in product lines such as plastic processing and others who are delivering double digit growth. So the profitability when you think about Q2 going into Q3, profitability from gross margin and OP margin should be comparable because the mix is comparable.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Naga for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our performance reflects the strength of our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Again, I want to thank Nordson's employees for their commitment which makes these results possible. The continued deployment of NBS Next in the Ascend strategy will position us well for long-term growth.  We look forward to the opportunity to talk with you at upcoming investor events. Joe, Lara and Stephen Lovass, our MFS segment leader, will be at the Deutsche Bank Industrial conference on June 8 in New York. Joe, Lara and Jeff Pembroke, our IPS segment leader, will be at the Wells Fargo Industrial conference on June 13 in Chicago. And Joe, Lara and our segment leader of ATS, Srini Subramanian, will be participating in a Virtual Roadshow with Loop Capital on June 14.  Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-02-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. My name is Abby, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And I will now turn the conference over to Lara Mahoney. You may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, February 21, to report Nordson's fiscal 2023 first quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday, February 28, 2023. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss the first quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Joe will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high-level commentary about our earnings performance. He will conclude with an update on the fiscal 2023 full year and second quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2023 first quarter conference call. I want to thank our team for delivering another strong first quarter performance. There were a lot of bright spots in this quarter. To begin, it was the first quarter of contribution from our CyberOptics acquisition. The integration of the business is going well, and we are pleased with energy and engagement of our CyberOptics team. Test and inspection is a long-term growth focus for Nordson and we are very excited about the differentiated optical precision technology that CyberOptics adds to our portfolio. Next, we had a solid regional performance in the Americas and Europe, which collectively delivered 9% organic growth. This was partially offset by declines in Asia Pacific which saw weakness in China relating not only to the Lunar New Year shutdown, but also labor shortages due to the unfortunate spread of COVID-19 in the region. Once again, the diversification of our business and our steadfast dedication to the needs of our customers ensures we deliver results. Finally, I remain pleased by the ongoing deployment of the NBS Next growth framework. Each division is gaining momentum towards achieving top-tier growth, quality and on-time delivery performance. In this dynamic environment, NBS Next ensures we are focused on our greatest opportunities for profitable growth and it also clarifies where we can simplify so we can better focus resources on those opportunities. In a few moments, I will speak more about the business, and what we are seeing in our end markets, but first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Joe Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide number 5, you'll see first quarter fiscal 2023 sales were $610 million comparable to the prior year's first quarter sales of $609 million. The increase was primarily related to 1% organic growth plus the CyberOptics acquisition, offset by unfavorable currency impact of 4%. The organic growth, as Naga referenced, was driven by strong demand in Europe and the Americas, offset by weakness in Asia Pacific, primarily China. Gross profit for the first quarter of fiscal 2023 totaled $329 million. Excluding the amortization of acquired inventory step-up, gross profit totaled $333 million or 55% of sales, a 3% or 150 basis point decrease compared to the $342 million or 56% of sales in the prior year first quarter. The team continues to actively manage the price/cost dynamic in these inflationary periods in addition to unfavorable currency impacts. Similar to the fourth quarter of 2022, the impact of passing along the significant year-over-year cost inflation while slightly positive in gross profit dollars squeeze margins approximately 100 basis points. Additionally, the sales mix in the quarter was slightly unfavorable, with biopharma, fluid dispense and product assembly in Asia being down offset by growth in plastics processing and medical interventional solutions. On a sequential basis, comparing first quarter to fourth quarter 2022, adjusted gross margins improved approximately 150 basis points. Operating profit totaled $144 million in the quarter. During the quarter, we reported onetime transaction fees, inventory step-up and other nonrecurring items associated with the CyberOptics acquisition totaling $10 million. Adjusted operating profit excluding these nonrecurring items, was $155 million in the quarter or 25% of sales, 2% below the prior year adjusted operating profit of $157 million. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted operating profit 6%, offset by 4% constant currency operating profit growth. EBITDA for the first quarter was $181 million or 30% of sales, which is in line with our long-term target profitability level and comparable to the prior year first quarter. Looking at nonoperating expenses, interest expense increased $5 million associated with higher borrowings and interest rates. Other net expense increased $4 million related to higher foreign exchange losses and increased hedge costs, partially offset by lower nonoperating pension costs. Tax expense was $27 million for an effective tax rate of 20.5% in the quarter, which is in line with the prior year first quarter rate and the forecasted full year rate for 2023. Net income in the quarter totaled $104 million or $1.81 per share. Adjusted earnings share, excluding nonrecurring acquisition cost, totaled $1.95 per share, a 6% decrease from the prior year. The decrease is primarily driven by unfavorable currency changes. Now let's turn to Slide 6 through 8 to review the first quarter 2023 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $312 million decreased 4% compared to the prior year first quarter due to unfavorable currency impacts of 5%. The organic growth of 1% was driven by steady demand across most product lines and regions, offset by softness in Asia Pacific particularly product assembly China due to the timing of Chinese New Year and labor shortages from the spread of COVID-19. Operating profit in quarter was $102 million or 33% of sales, which is a decrease of 1% compared to the prior year adjusted operating profit of $104 million. Unfavorable currency negatively impacted operating profit year-over-year, 6%. IPS remains our most globally diverse segment and therefore, most exposed to currency translation changes. Looking on a constant currency basis and organic only, this segment now has delivered quarterly sales and operating profit growth, 8 out of the last 9 quarters, highlighting the strength of business, the team and the execution of the Ascend strategy. Medical and Fluid Solutions sales of $154 million decreased 3% compared to the prior year's first quarter. This change included a decrease in organic sales of 1% and a 2% decrease related to unfavorable currency impacts. The 1% organic decrease was driven by significant softness in the medical Fluid components serving the biopharma market and Fluid Solutions product lines in China, offset by strong demand for Medical Interventional Solutions product lines, primarily in the Americas and Europe. First quarter operating profit was $39 million or 26% of sales, which is a decrease $10 million compared to the prior year operating profit of $49 million. The decrease in operating profit was driven by meaningful sales mix changes within the medical product lines and related individual factory inefficiency due to reduced volumes. Turning to Slide 8. You'll see Advanced Technology Solutions sales were $145 million, a 14% increase compared to the prior year first quarter. Organic sales growth in the quarter was 5% plus another 14% from the CyberOptics acquisition. This was offset by an unfavorable currency impact of 4%. The organic growth was particularly strong in the Americas region and was driven by the Test and Inspection acoustic product line, which continues to benefit from new product innovation. First quarter adjusted operating profit, excluding the inventory step-up and acquisition transaction expenses was $27 million or 19% of sales, which was comparable to the prior year first quarter operating profit. Organic operating profit growth of 3% plus the acquisition benefit was offset by a 5% unfavorable currency impact. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 9. Our first quarter balance sheet includes cash of $122 million and net debt was $894 million, resulting in a 1.1x leverage ratio based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic opportunities inclusive of the borrowing that we incurred to fund the CyberOptics acquisition in November. Free cash flow in the quarter was $114 million, or a conversion rate of net income of 109%, an $8 million improvement over the prior year first quarter free cash flow. Dividend payments were $37 million, reflective of the 27% increase in the annual dividend approved last year. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares under our 10b5-1 plan. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 2023, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22%, and capital expenditures of approximately $50 million to $55 million. We will now turn to Slide 10, and I will turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thanks, Joe. I want to thank our teams or continuing to respond to the needs of our customers and deliver the strong first quarter performance. I'm very thankful that our operations in China are returning to normal as employees have returned to work following the spread of COVID-19 in the region. We will always prioritize the health and safety of our employees and we are so glad that they are well. Throughout the first quarter, I had many opportunities to engage with our employees and travel to sites in North America and Europe. I'm very pleased with the ongoing deployment of NBS Next, which continues to help us prioritize our greatest opportunities for profitable growth. In this dynamic environment, the accelerated deployment of this growth framework will guide our decisions on where to focus and where to simplify. Going into fiscal 2023, we knew we would be dealing with a dynamic environment as we have limited visibility into the full year. Turning to Slide 11. I'd like to spend a few minutes sharing what we are now seeing in our end markets. In the Industrial Precision Solutions segment, we are seeing increasing demand in automotive and steady demand in industrials and consumer nondurable product lines. Packaging and product assembly end markets continued to perform well in Americas and Europe, and there is softness in China. Within the Advanced Technology Solutions segment, we have started to see a softening of semiconductor orders over the past 45 days. Electronics is known for being a cyclical end market, and we benefited from the boom in investments over the past two years. Now our customers are starting to reevaluate near-term capital spending, which is having an impact on orders for electronic dispense product lines. In some cases, it's been a matter of pushing out system orders into the second half. We will continue to monitor this closely. We're also seeing weakness in optical Test and Inspection product lines relating to the memory end market. Our remaining Test and Inspection order rate remains strong is somewhat offsetting the areas of weakness in the segment. C&I is benefiting from new product innovation such as our new acoustic system that drove growth in the first quarter. The strategy to diversify our APS product offering in terms of technology and application is muting the historical volatility of the company's overall electronics exposure. Turning to the Medical and Fluid Solutions segment. We are experiencing double-digit growth in our Interventional Solutions product lines. This is a business that was pressured during the pause in elective surgeries during the pandemic. And now these product lines are returning to high single-digit growth levels. Orders for balloons, cannulas and catheters are a big part of our backlog. Elsewhere in the MFS segment, we're seeing continued weakness in our medical fluid components product lines. Over the past two years, we benefited from strong double-digit organic growth in this division. This was driven by demand from biopharma customers which partially benefited from the COVID vaccines and then from inventory rebuilding to compensate for supply chain concerns following the pandemic. Now we believe there is inventory destocking at large customers for these product lines. Over the medium to long term, revenue growth rates for these product lines remain strong, driven by secular growth drivers such as single-use components in biopharma applications. Finally, in our MFS Fluid Solutions product lines, we are seeing some weakening in injection molded product lines relating to the construction as well electronics applications in China. Considering the combination of end market headwinds and tailwinds, current order entry and the pushout of delivery dates, we are updating our previously provided 2023 revenue guidance to 0% to 3% growth over fiscal 2022 and adjusted earnings in the range of $8.75 to $9.50. I remind investors, while we are seeing some changes in order patterns, our guidance reflects sustaining our record-level 2022 performance, which is a testament to our dedicated employees, the diversification of our business and the solid execution of the Ascend strategy. Looking specifically at the second quarter 2023 on Slide 13, we are forecasting second quarter fiscal 2023 sales to be comparable to the prior year second quarter as acquisition benefits are largely offset by currency headwinds. Second quarter earnings are forecasted in the range of $2 to $2.15 per share reflective of the anticipated sales mix, which is comparable to the first quarter of 2023, while we remain financially prudent in this environment, we are adopting a balanced approach and will remain invested in innovation, differentiated service experience for our customers in strong core businesses. We also will continue to accelerate strategic investments to fully participate in high-growth markets while making tactical adjustments to cost structure in select businesses when it is needed. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Mike Halloran with Baird. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joe Kelley: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: So Naga, obviously, a lot of moving pieces here. Maybe help understand the change in 2Q and call it, a little bit more stability in how you're thinking about the back half of the year here. It seems like the outsized 2Q that we were -- you were talking about in the last quarter has been pushed in the back half. So maybe talk a little bit about the backlog, why you think it's sustainable risk in cancellations, what kind of seasonality you're assuming front half versus back half versus a normal year? And just any of the puts and takes to help understand those moving pieces a little bit better?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Mike, what I'll do is I'll take you through segment by segment, the end market trends. And then, Joe, if you could sort of bridge some of the questions that Mike has, will be great. So first and foremost, in the last 45 days what we have really seen, orders have fallen off approximately 9% versus the prior run rates. And portions of this could be attributed to Chinese New Year, some of it could be are softening in the electronic process solutions business, which essentially does fluid dispensing for semiconductor and back-end electronics. What you also are seeing is that in these end markets, in addition to softer orders, we have had customer requested pushouts of order delivery, right? So that's -- those are the two things that are happening. Broadly, let's go segment by segment. If you look at our industrial precision solutions, we're running at or above our long-term growth rates, increasing demand in automotive, steady demand in industrials and consumer nondurable product lines, packaging and product assembly, particularly pretty -- doing fairly well in Americas and Europe with some softness in China. So IPS in general, we feel really good about where the orders are, where the backlog is and how we're thinking about Q2 and the rest of the year. If you come to Advanced Technologies, this is below our long-term growth rates. One thing to remind you is that the growth rates we are looking for in this segment, particularly, because we have diversified the volatility in the segment is suddenly muted than what we have seen the past. So a couple of things happening here, as I said, softening semiconductor orders over the past 45 days. Electronics traditionally being cyclical. We benefited in the first two years. And what we are now seeing is the downside of cycle. Our customers are beginning to reevaluate more the near-term capital spending versus the long-term capital spending. We still feel good about the long term. But in the short term, there is some softness in the orders. We're also seeing some weakness in our optical test and inspection product lines as it relates to the memory end market. Remaining test and inspection looks pretty strong. And if we go to -- now going to our medical fluid components, this is also below our long-term growth rates, but there are two different things happening here. What you find is double-digit growth in our interventional product lines. So this is the part of the business where we were pressured due to postponement of elective surgery during the pandemic, and now you see this business coming back pretty strong. And orders for balloons, cannulas, catheters are really a big part of our backlog. And in our biopharma-facing fluid component business, the order rates continue to be -- continue to be weaker than we had expected. And this is partially driven by our biopharma customers who are destocking inventory. During the pandemic, they benefited partially from COVID, but also where rebuilding their inventory because of supply chain concerns. We fundamentally believe this is a strong business. It will get back to the high single digits in time. And the last bit, I would say, is there is some weakening in our fluid dispensing injected motor product lines in construction as well as electronics in China. So hopefully, that gave you -- I gave you a lot of things here, but give you some color segment by segment, what we are seeing. Joe, you want to - sorry, go ahead Joe.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Maybe if I could reconcile those comments to your questions around the guidance and the change in the guidance. So if you think about our revenue guidance at the midpoint, we brought it down by about $65 million from the prior guidance. The majority of that decrease is what Naga referenced and what we're seeing in a change in orders around the semiconductor and back-end electronics market. The remainder is the delay in the timing of the biopharma recovery and I would tell you also a little bit of the softness that we saw here in Q1 in China. From a timing perspective on the guidance, Mike, your question there, the timing is adjusted, not just for the order entry, but it's also given customer the pushouts of their delivery dates. And we're seeing that in electronic end markets. These are large system orders where we have prepayments from the customers. But we're seeing it in electronics, a little bit in the industrial coatings and in the plastics end markets where they're pushing out Q2 delivery dates into the back half. And again, we have prepayments on these, and so there's limited risk of cancellation. And then as it relates to your comments, as we think about the guidance in the back half versus Q2, when you think about the back half, first of all, last year's back half was very, very strong. As you know, for Nordson, a record Q3, followed by record Q4. And so the guidance, when you look at the back half, FX is going to become favorable on a year-over-year basis if we maintain the current exchange rates. So that would be would be favorable about 2%, acquisitions about 3%. And so it basically implies at the midpoint, the organic would be down about 2% in the back half based on comments Naga just made.
Mike Halloran: That's a lot of great color. I really appreciate it. So follow-up then on the fluid component side. What do you guys think the destocking is going to be behind you and maybe more normal order patterns start coming through, at least relative to underlying demand. And should we think about this as the right run rate for the margins of that segment until that mix is more balanced out versus normal?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me just comment on the order rates and, Joe, you can pick up on the margin for the segment. Order rates, what we are seeing is the customer order patterns have stabilized and might there be some green shoots in terms of a recovery of order rates from these customers. Long term, 7% to 8%, high single digits is how you want to think about this business. I'd love tell you that I know exactly when this is going to come back. From what we can see is we feel good about the stability in the orders and a slight pickup in orders that we're beginning to see if you push me to give an exact date, it's going to be difficult. But definitely, this is a recovery that has already begun is probably the best way to put it.
Joe Kelley: Mike, on the margins, the segment, as you know, in '21 was running at about 31%, '22 at about 32%. So this 26 that we did in Q1 is not the new normal, we would anticipate to recover back to the historical run rate as we move forward in '23. And the logic there is this initial drop off and then the comment I made on inefficiencies of -- within the individual factories as they adjust for this volume drop and adjust their variable cost that efficiency will improve as we move forward. 
Mike Halloran: Great. Really helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Alice.
Allison Poliniak: Just turning to IPS, it seems pretty stable. Asia Pacific was a headwind this quarter. Do we assume that headwind starts to mitigate here for Asia Pacific where that growth may be is a slight improvement from quarter-to-quarter. Just trying to think through that between 2Q and 3Q? Thanks.
Joe Kelley: Yes. Allison, I would tell you, as you know, our IPS business has a large China presence and Chinese New Year fell into Q2 last year versus in Q1 this year, so you will see sequential improvement in that segment, just given that. And then also within that business, I referenced the Industrial Coatings division as well as the Plastics division where there are large systems businesses. Those businesses are seeing some of those Q2 push-outs in the back half. And again, prepayments for all of those systems locked in. It's predominantly our customers, their projects are being delayed. Their projects are still taking place, but they're being delayed for other reasons, and they're asking those businesses to delay shipment in the back half, so sequential improvement and then sequential improvement first half into second half.
Allison Poliniak: Got it, thanks. And then Naga, you had talked about NBS Next in the innovation side. How are you thinking about that investment this year? Are you starting to tighten the lens a bit more? Are we looking for an increase there as you look to position the company coming out of this, just any thoughts there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think - the way to think about it is our NBS Next deployment is accelerating, gaining momentum within the company. And it is becoming more holistic than it was maybe two years ago. So what does that all mean? That means that our businesses are really sharp on what are the best opportunities, division-by-division, not the entire company in total, but division-by-division. And staying invested in innovation in our core strong businesses. That is a top priority for us. And we are also accelerating capital investments in businesses where we have pretty strong growth. For example, our interventional business, very recently, we have signed off on a significant capital to expand product lines, right? So I feel really good about where we are. I think it is really important to remember, not only are we staying invested in our core businesses where we have strong positions. But we're also investing in businesses that are - have a growth potential for us. In some cases, where the order entry has declined, we are adjusting cost more from a variable perspective. But even in those cases, we stay invested in our innovation in our electronic businesses, because that's - that is the source of our differentiation. Our customers count on us. These are not three-month kind of thinking process. This is multiyear because in our electronics business, most of customers long- term, we are going to see significant capital investments to expand capacity for semiconductor in North America and in Europe. And we need to stay relevant in those, continue to participate in those and fully leverage our technologies.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Is there any way that you guys can sort of parse out and try and quantify what the China-related impact was as it, pertain to COVID and the associated labor shortages? How much may be pushed at the end of the quarter due to the New Year - and do you think all of that gets recaptured in Q2 or is that also now become part of this just push out into the latter half of year? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Joe Kelley: So, let me take a stab at quantifying that. I would tell you, when we study the timing of the Chinese New Year is probably just $15 million to $20 million, depending on what quarter that falls into. And so that's consistent on our full year basis and has no impact. The COVID issues that they experienced right before the New Year and the lockdown at some of customer and supply chain challenges. I would characterize that as closer to about a $10 million disruption in the quarter. And I don't know that, that recovers in the full year. And so that was what I would tell you, part of our reduction in full year guidance was that about $10 million miss in Q1 in China, anticipating that, that doesn't recover itself within the year or make itself up in the year.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then maybe can you just comment on CyberOptics and what you're sort of expecting, if I recollect annualized revenues around the time you announced the acquisition were a little more than $100 million. You look at the contribution in Q1, clearly, nowhere near that run rate. So can you talk about maybe what you're seeing in that business and what a reasonable kind of year one, revenue in accretion outlook might be for that business? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, thank you for the question and follow-up. And on CyberOptics, we're incredibly pleased with the team, incredibly pleased with the technology that we are adding to company, incredibly pleased with the long-term prospects of this optical inspection capability positions the company for long-term in a really good way. In the short term, however, as you've noticed that what we see really is the memory market, which is sort of one of those areas where they're really strong in, is not near-term capital investments have been delayed. And because of that, they have not at the same run rate as what we had expected, right. And Joe, if you could spend a little time talking - that would helpful?
Joe Kelley: Yes, so I mean, as we highlighted in the first quarter, $17 million of sales. I can tell you - as a favorable - contributed favorably to our operating profit. And from an EBITDA standpoint, it's running in the mid-teens. And so, when you think about our forecast going forward, we have that contributing on the full year, approximately 3% to our year-over-year sales growth and to be contributing to operating profit growth on an adjusted basis.
Matt Summerville: Understood, thank you guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yep.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our next question from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for taking my question. Just kind of sticking on the electronics for a second, there's been some concern, I think, from investors on this space for a while. So was the softening in semi orders a surprise to you? And how have conversations with customers changed?
Sundaram Nagarajan: In terms of - is this a surprise? Certainly, the last 45 days, our order dropped off or it changed. It's not surprising, but more in line with what you're, hearing our customers sort of report on the outside. So if you think about semiconductor customers or memory customers, all of them very bullish about their investments in the long-term, but certainly reevaluating what they spend in the short-term as they manage through their P&L. So in line with what you would expect in the marketplace. But if you think about in the longer term, and if you compare with our volatility in the past, this is certainly muted. And what we are hearing from them is very bullish about the longer term, 24.5. Certainly, in the short-term, they're reevaluating spend. And is sort of how I would think about it, is that a surprise? Yes, the order rate decline in the 45 days was certainly surprised. But what is also strong is T&I excluding Optical, it is pretty strong and strong and continues to remain has a very strong backlog, and we think we'll do really well there. So I think this diversification and expansion into T&I has certainly reduced the company's historical volatility or muted the cyclicality. Saree, did I answer you?
Saree Boroditsky: Yes, thanks for that. And then you talked about, obviously, the push out of systems in the second half in industrial coatings. Could you provide more color on why these systems are being pushed out? And then generally, does your guidance assume any additional push outs across the segments and into 2024?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me take sort of what we are seeing with our customers and why the push outs. And then, Joe, if you have any additional color you can add to that. One of the things that I would tell you is, think, about our systems as large subsystems that go in a part of a larger manufacturing line. So typically, that's what we do. We play a - so when you have a large construction project of it, we don't hear any of our customers saying, these capital expansions are going away. That's not what we're hearing. What we are hearing is that in the construction phase of it, they do have other vendors that they are expecting delivery of systems, subsystems from are delayed and hence don't need this delivery in this quarter, right? And so it has been pushed to the second half. And the reason we are confident about this is just the prepayments. So all of these large system orders come with repayments and our prepayment increases are in line with our backlog increases. And so we feel pretty good about it. And that's -- hopefully, that gives you what you're looking for.
Joe Kelley: Yes. And Saree, if I could add to your question around timing in 2023, 2024, -- it's -- when you look at these large systems businesses in the industrial coating space and the test inspection space and the plastic space, those businesses, combined with our Medical Interventional Solutions, those are the businesses that comprise over 70% of our backlog. And so there are orders already on the books going out into 2024 for those divisions. And so when you think about our backlog and our confidence, it's not so much just '23, but it actually goes into '24 for that subset of the Nordson businesses. And so that means that, that supports, I'd say, less than half of our revenue. And so greater than half of our revenue is supported by only 30% of our backlog -- And so it's that portion of the business where our backlog only price is less than one quarter of sales. And so there is where we're more subject to changing order patterns and we need book and ship business in the quarter for that portion of the business.
Sundaram Nagarajan: One thing I would also just add to that is in these businesses where we have book and ship, our recurring revenues are more than 50% of our revenue. So -- and in those businesses, it's in some cases, a little higher. So our confidence level in these businesses more comes down to the fact that our customer confidence level on the supply chain has improved, and I think that's the good news. The good news is in 50% of our businesses, the customer has begins to believe that supply chain problems have gone away. And hence, their order entry are sort of in line with what you would expect for their real demand is. So that -- for me, that gives me pretty good confidence as well.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Walter Liptak with Seaport. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about the Industrial Precision segment. And just see if I can get a little bit more color on orders in the Americas and in Europe. And specifically about what's going well. I think you called out automotive, industrial and packaging. And I wonder if you could just talk about the last 45 days there and just the tone of the business, how you're feeling about it.
Joe Kelley: Yes, Walt, thanks for the question. Yes. In that that business, segment I think about it as we see the steady growth in line, as Naga mentioned with our long-term growth rates. And so there, what's driving it is, as we referenced, Americas and Europe, particularly in the quarter. But it's our consumer non-durable has been pretty steady in line growth for us. There, you'll recall is where we have several of our new product launches that were contributed to last year's performance and continue to gain traction. It's also within that, the largest factory within that segment was a pilot site for our NBS next. And so when you think about the traction and the improvement that they're having there with their on-time delivery, it's contributing to that growth as well. So that -- and then if you go to the coating side, as Naga mentioned, we're seeing a pickup, I would tell you, in automotive demand for the Industrial Coatings business there.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Good. Yes. So just to be clear, there was the steadiness that you were speaking of that was signed throughout the quarter and not just on average, but including in that 45-day period where other parts of the business soften.
Joe Kelley: Yes. As we said, it's -- the term, as I would say, a multi-speed economy. You have some that are going down, some that are steady and some of that are growing nicely. And I would lump that business into the steady growth in line with our long-term expectations.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. Great. And then just as a follow-up in IPS, how are you feeling about price cost? It sounds like you were a little bit positive this quarter, how are you feeling about the rest of the year?
Joe Kelley: Yes. So price cost, again, as we communicated in Q4 and here in Q1, it is net favorable from a gross margin dollar standpoint, but it is dilutive from a gross margin percent standpoint. But we have been successful in passing through the inflation but not passing through the inflation plus the 55% gross margin. So in diluted -- it's diluted our consolidated Nordson margins by about 100 basis points. And I would tell you this division has been successful and they incurred a significant inflation. And so passing that through this division clearly has, I would say, led the way and been successful in that pricing initiative.
Walter Liptak: Okay. That sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So you guys gave a lot of great color on kind of where the softness is. But I'm just wondering if you can kind of maybe parse out the split between -- it seems like IPS, no change. And then maybe the split between medical and ATS in terms of like the cut? Is it 50-50? Is it heavier one way or the other?
Joe Kelley: Yes. I would tell you, as I -- if you think about the change in our guidance, and so we dropped the midpoint on revenue, $65 million, the majority of that is simply in response to the semiconductor, what we're seeing in that market. And so -- from a segment perspective, the reduction is greater in ATS than it is in the MFS segment.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. That's really helpful then. And then just -- what are you hearing in terms of how long this medical destocking will take? And kind of what have you built in there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the way to think about this -- and I'd love to be able to give you a more precise answer on when this is going to come back. What I can tell you is the declines have stabilized, and we are beginning to see some recovery in order entry from big biopharma customers. And that is -- that's based on what we see today. I would hate to give you any more detail because it will be more speculation from my perspective. I feel really good about our loan because we feel this is going to be a strong high single-digit growth company. This is -- we have no -- our long-term prospects on secular growth drives of single-use components in this space still holds good. We expect a further more increasing use and less increasing use, but not answering your question on when exactly we will see this fully normalized. I sure hope it will be sooner than later, but -- what I -- what we are beginning to see and we feel confident about is that stabilized beginning to see recovery.
Jeff Hammond: That's great. And just -- 
Joe Kelley: I mean, that was part of the change in the guidance. If you think about our Q2 guide before, we thought the recovery might come in Q2, it appears to be delayed about in our guidance a quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. That's great. Just last one on CyberOptics. I don't know if there was seasonality, I don't recall it from their filings is, is the 1Q kind of revenue contribution run rate the right way to think about the go forward? Or is there some seasonal step up? Or -- and maybe just -- I don't know, it seems like that business is softer. Is that business going to be down year-on-year?
Joe Kelley: Yes, I would I would -- I guess comment, I wouldn't take the Q1 run rate and say annualize that. I think Q1 for that business like many businesses, is light. Again, our Q1 includes Thanksgiving. Our Q1 includes Christmas and our Q1 included the Chinese New Year. So I would think that their Q1 is not indicative of their quarterly run rate but probably $15 million to $20 million -- or 15% to 20% light.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. On a year-on-year basis, yes, they would be lighter, but it's not I wouldn't take our first quarter and run with that.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks so much.
Joe Kelley: Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. So I will now turn the call back to Naga for additional and closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our first quarter performance was solid, and it reflects the strength of our differentiated position technology, customer-centric business model and diversified geographic and product end markets. While we are seeing some change in order patterns, 2023 remains a strong year with our guidance reflecting our ability to sustain our record 2022 performance. We will remain financially prudent in this environment. We'll adopt a balanced approach that remains invested in innovation and differentiated service experience for our customers in strong core businesses. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-12-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Denis and I will be your conference Operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 conference call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, press star, one again.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Im here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO, and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 15, 2022 to report Nordsons fiscal year 2022 fourth quarter and full year results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during todays call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors.  This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until December 29, 2022.  During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A complete reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metrics has been provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to todays agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss fourth quarter and full year highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the three business segments. Joe also will talk about the year-end balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will conclude with a high level commentary about our enterprise performance, including an update on the Ascend strategy as well as our fiscal 2023 first quarter and full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, Ill turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2022 fourth quarter and full year conference call.  As I reflect on the past few years and in particular 2022, the Nordson team managed through supply chain constraints, inflation at a 40-year high, increasing currency pressures, labor challenges, and COVID-19 shutdowns, and yet we have achieved a second consecutive year of record results in fiscal 2022. I want to thank our incredible employees who have remained focused on our customers and successfully leveraged our NBS Next growth framework to prioritize their time, efforts and resources on the best growth opportunities during the year. We finished 2022 with a strong fourth quarter performance and carry momentum into 2023 related to the holistic deployment of NBS Next and our Ascend strategy. This is critical as we enter 2023. The environment will likely be as full of macro changes and challenges as the last two years.  Ill speak more to this in a few moments, but I will now turn the call over to Joe to provide more detailed perspectives on our financial results for this quarter and fiscal 2022.
Joe Kelley: Thank you Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide No. 5, youll see fourth quarter 2022 sales were $684 million, an increase of 14% compared to fourth quarter sales of $599 million. The increase was primarily related to 18% organic growth plus the NDC acquisition, offset by unfavorable currency impacts of 8%.  The 18% organic sales increase was driven by solid 14% volume growth and approximately 4% in pricing as we passed through cost inflation. The growth was in all geographies and most product lines with particularly strong demand in polymer processing, electronics and medical, and headwinds resulted from the U.S. dollar strengthening against the euro, the British pound, the Japanese yen, and the Chinese yuan during the fourth quarter. Early here in fiscal 2023, some of this increased pressure has subsided, moving back closer to the third quarter levels when the year-over-year currency impact on sales was unfavorable 5%. Gross profits increased 10% over the prior year to $363 million or 53% of sales compared to $331 million or 55% of sales in the prior year fourth quarter. The double-digit growth in profit dollars was driven by the strong sales growth while the year-over-year margin decrease of 200 basis points was influenced by several factors. Most significant was the passing through of cost inflation which, while relatively neutral from a gross profit dollar perspective, diluted the margins approximately 140 basis points. Additionally, the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar pressures the margins of our businesses that have U.S. dollar-denominated manufacturing costs and sell denominated in euros or other foreign currencies. These two factors contributed to the 200 basis point decline in margin percent while delivering a significant 17% constant currency growth in gross profit dollars. Operating profit was $178 million in the quarter or 26% of sales, as 17% increase from the prior year. Strong double-digit organic sales growth at attractive incremental margins more than offset the 10% unfavorable year-over-year currency impact on operating profit. Consolidated Nordson organic incremental operating profit margin inclusive of the currency changes was 43% in the quarter. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $202 million or 30% of sales.  Looking at non-operating expenses, other net expenses decreased $12 million year-over-year, relatively evenly split between lower non-operating pension costs and increased foreign currency exchange gains. The lower non-operating pension costs are sustainable heading into 2023 while the currency exchange gains resulted from the significant currency fluctuations in the quarter and are not likely to repeat. Tax expense was $36 million for an effective tax rate of 20% in the quarter, slightly below the full year and forecasted rate of 21%.  Net income in the quarter totaled $141 million or $2.44 per share, representing a 28% increase from the prior year earnings. This improvement is reflective of the 14% year-over-year increase in sales and, more importantly, consistent application of the NBS Next growth framework which leads to steady profitable growth with attractive incremental margins. Turning to Slide 6, I will now share a few comments on our full year results.  Sales for fiscal year 2022 were a record $2.6 billion, an increase of 10% compared to the prior years record sales result. This change in sales included an organic increase of 11%, a 3% increase primarily from the NDC acquisition. This growth was partially offset by unfavorable currency impacts of 4%.  Also a company record, adjusted operating profit was $707 million or 27% of sales, which reflects a 15% increase over the prior year, or on a constant currency basis growth of 21%. Organic incremental operating profit margins on the year were 55%, which is above the targeted range of 40% to 45%.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $9.43, a 22% increase from the prior year, and EBITDA for the full year increased to $807 million or 31% of sales.  Now lets turn to Slides 7 through 9 to review the fourth quarter 2022 segment performance. Industrial precision solution sales of $356 million increased 13% compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Organic growth in the quarter was 16% and the NDC acquisition added 7%. This growth was offset by an unfavorable currency impact of 10%. Robust demand in the polymer processing product line plus steady growth in industrial coating products and packaging product lines in the food and beverage industry, as well as the industrial end markets, drove this quarters results. All major geographies contributed to the quarters growth. Operating profit for the quarter was $110 million or 31% of sales, which is an increase of 8% compared to the prior year operating profit of $103 million. This growth was driven primarily by leveraging organic sales growth at incremental margins of 43% plus the benefit of the NDC acquisition. Medical and fluid solution sales of $181 million increased 11% compared to the prior years fourth quarter. This change included an increase in organic sales volume of 15% and a 4% decrease related to unfavorable currency impacts. Growth was across all product lines with robust growth in the biopharma fluid component product line. All geographies contributed to this quarters growth with particular strength in the Americas. Fourth quarter operating profit was $52 million or 29% of sales, which is an increase of 2% compared to the prior year operating profit of $51 million. This growth was driven by sales volume leverage offset by manufacturing inefficiencies following the third quarter factory consolidation within the fluid dispense division. These challenges should be temporary in nature as the consolidated factory ramps to targeted production levels and efficiency. Turning to Slide 9, we will see advanced technology solution sales of $147 million increased 21% compared to the prior years fourth quarter. This change included an increase in organic sales of 28% offset by a 7% decrease related to unfavorable currency impacts. This segment had double digit growth in both the test and inspection and electronics dispense product lines, serving predominantly the semiconductor and electronics end markets. All geographies contributed to this quarters growth. Fourth quarter operating profit increased $21 million or 131% from the prior year to $38 million or 26% of sales in the quarter. The growth was driven by sales volume leverage and realization of benefits from cost control measures taken in the prior year. Deployment of our NBS Next growth framework continues to be a key element in the success of this segment delivering profitable growth. Finally turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 10, through our disciplined approach to capital deployment, we ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and abundant borrowing capacity. Cash totaled $163 million and net debt was $574 million, resulting in a 0.7 times leverage based on a trailing 12 months EBITDA.  Free cash flow in the quarter was $161 million, which brings the full year 2022 free cash flow total to $462 million or a conversion rate on net income of 90%. This conversion rate was below the normal target of 100% because of strategic investments being made in inventory throughout the year to address supply chain constraints and support the backlog. Dividend payments were $37 million in the quarter, reflective of the 27% increase in the annual dividend that our board approved during the quarter. Also, with the ongoing market volatility, we again capitalized on the opportunistic repurchase of shares within the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total spent in share repurchases to over $260 million at an average repurchase price of $219 per share. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 2023 assume an estimated effective tax rate of 20% to 22% and capital expenditures of approximately $50 million to $55 million, with minimal cash pension contributions given the pension annuitization that took place earlier this year.  In summary, fourth quarter 2022 was a very strong finish to a record fiscal 2022 performance. All three segments contributed both sales growth and operating profit growth in the quarter. Consolidated revenue growth of 14% despite an 8% currency headwind and delivering 43% incremental margins on the organic growth evidences our NBS Next growth framework delivering results. This makes for the second consecutive year of delivering record annual sales and earnings. Ill now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you Joe. Again, thank you to the Nordson team for another strong year. I want to re-emphasize Joes comments - we achieved record results with all segments contributing to both sales growth and operating profit growth for the quarter and year. Thats quite an accomplishment. Beyond the financial results, Im very pleased with our steady deployment of the NBS Next growth framework. NBS Next has evolved from an aspiration to a working model within the business. This data driven segmentation framework drives choices, focus and simplification. We now have two divisions that have achieved market leading business performance. They use the framework as a competitive advantage to deliver on time quality products to their top customers, winning the business and growing market share. Leaders from these divisions are now sharing their lessons learned internally by hosting facility tours and teaching at our Nordson accelerated training programs.  Earlier this month, I visited several sites in Europe and Im excited by the progress I observed. The questions that were asked as well as the progress that was shared during the manufacturing facility tours clearly demonstrates the engagement and adoption of the framework as the way we do business. NBS Next is becoming a competitive advantage for Nordson moving into 2023 and beyond. This new capability combined with the core elements of the Nordson business model has positioned us to deliver results through more challenging economic demand environments.  First among the core elements of Nordsons business model is the fundamental focus on our customers. Our intimate customer relationships allow us to add value by solving critical customer problems, whether that is enabling their new product ideas or helping them operate more efficiently. This customer partnership has been further strengthened over the past two years as we worked through numerous challenges to consistently deliver quality product. Second is the diversity of our business from both a geographic and end market perspective. For example, in fiscal 2022 we overcame the shutdown of our Shanghai, China IPS facility as a result of our strength in other regions. We also serve a wide variety of end markets including consumer non-durables, medical, electronics, industrial and more. Within these end markets, we are diversified; for example, a quarter of our medical platform is the fluid component solutions used in biopharmaceutical applications, while the remaining is our interventional solutions that includes catheters, cannulas and medical balloons. In addition, our electronics applications are split between dispense applications and more secular test and inspection processes. This diversification makes us largely recession resilient or able to withstand the ebbs and flows of individual end market applications or geographies which may be more cyclical or volatile in any given period.  Finally, the third core element of our business model is the recurring revenue. Over 50% of our sales mix is aftermarket parts and consumables, which has been proven to sustain our business even in down periods. These core elements position our base business to perform well during periods of economic uncertainty. In addition, the execution of a disciplined M&A strategy continues to strengthen our position technology platforms.  The NDC measurement and control division which we acquired in November of 2021 is integrating well and contributed nicely to the fiscal 2022 performance. Recently we closed the CyberOptics acquisition which expands our applications in the optical test and inspection end market. We are excited about the opportunities we see in that space. Turning now to the outlook on Slide 12, we enter fiscal 2023 with approximately $1 billion in backlog, inclusive of the acquired CyberOptics backlog. The book-to-bill in the fourth quarter of 2022 was slightly unfavorable and the year-over-year currency headwinds are significant, as evidenced in our fiscal fourth quarter results. Based on the combination of order entry, backlog, customer delivery timing requests and current foreign currency exchange rates, we anticipate delivering sales growth in the range of 1% to 7% above the record fiscal 2022. This includes an estimated 2% currency headwind. Full year earnings are forecasted in the range of $8.75 to $10.10 per share. This full-year guidance assumes an unfavorable currency impact of approximately 3% on the earnings, the increased interest rate environment, and contemplates some demand uncertainty related to the back half of 2023.  As you will see on Slide 13, the first quarter 2023 sales are forecasted in the range of $605 million to $630 million and adjusted earnings in the range of $1.85 to $2 per diluted share. Included in the forecasted guidance are the unfavorable currency impacts of approximately 4% on sales and 7% on earnings.  Again, I want to thank our employees, customers and shareholders for your continued support. We will now open the phone lines for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question is from the line of Matt Summerville with DA Davidson. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple questions. First Naga and Joe, can you maybe talk about the order cadence you saw over the course of fiscal Q4 and what youve seen thus far in the fiscal 23? Maybe talk about some of the pluses and minuses youre seeing across the business and how that informs your view on what youre calling a bit of an uncertain second half in the fiscal year, and then I have a follow-up.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, thank you Matt. A couple of things. Lets go by our major end markets. If you think about ATS, the backlog is pretty strong going into Q1 and first half. For the full year, we expect single digit organic growth for the year. Both T&I--you know, both our test and inspection and our dispense business are expected to grow in the year. If you look at our industrial business, or IPS, end markets remain solid. A couple of our system businesses are expected to deliver and are expected to grow double digits, while our consumer non-durables are expected to sustain their current record levels. If you think about MFS, our forecast is again this segment is also expected to grow in single digits. What you see is our interventional components, the medical fluid components, if you think about the interventional side, which is our balloons and catheters, this business is returning back to pre-COVID levels of high single digit growth. Our fluid components, which is approximately 20% of this business, had a great two years of double-digit growth, and what we understand, and we watch this end market with some caution as some of our customers have built up some excess inventory, but important to remember this is 20% of our MFS segment. Hopefully that gives you some color, and this is what is embedded in our guidance for the quarter and the year.
Joe Kelley: Maybe Matt, I would just add--
Matt Summerville: I appreciate--sure?
Joe Kelley: Yes, Id just add, as we said, as it trended throughout the year, we saw strong performance in 21, 22 - most of the quarters, we were running with a favorable book to bill, and in Q4 some of that started to moderate. The book to bill was slightly unfavorable. 
Matt Summerville: Understood. Maybe if you can just comment a little bit more on M&A, and even CyberOptics - you know, what are you incorporating into the guide as it relates to EPS accretion from CyberOptics, and what are you seeing looking forward in terms of actionability within your current M&A pipeline? Thank you. 
Joe Kelley: Maybe Naga, Ill handle the first part of that and you can take the second.  As it relates to CyberOptics, we are very pleased, everything is on track. Just a reminder, its about a $100 million business, were integrating it into our test and inspection division. We paid about 18.5 times EBITDA and as we execute synergies over the next year or so, were going to take that to roughly 14.5 times EBITDA. Everything that weve got in CyberOptics is what we expected and were very pleased with it, and thats--. As it relates specifically to our guidance, what it will be, when you look at our full year guidance, the assumption is that that is slightly accretive for the full year.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Joe, let me take the question around our acquisition pipeline. Maybe just as a reminder, Matt, we have clear strategic and financial criteria when we look at acquisition ideas and when we consummate deals, and just as a reminder, the strategic criteria really are were looking for differentiated position technologies, we are looking for businesses that serve markets with high growth rates, certainly looking for businesses that have a customer-centric business model. On the financial side, we certainly look for businesses that have attractive growth rates and with Nordson-like gross margins, EBITDA margins around 20% with a clear path with expansion opportunities and an ROIC that is ahead of our cost of capital in five to seven years. Thats really sort of our--thats what informs what deals we pursue and what we consummate finally.  Our focus still remains on scaling our medical and test and inspection platforms. We certainly will look at adjacent position technologies if they meet our strategic and financial criteria.  Having provided you that background, our pipeline is pretty healthy. We are pursuing a number of different opportunities. Certainly well act on them thoughtfully based on our strategic and financial criteria - thats really important to remember.  We are confident in our ability to deliver on $500 million of acquisitions, which is an important part of us reaching the $3 billion target we set for ourselves in 2021. Again, another reminder, we have acquired about $210 million worth of acquisitions towards that $500 million already, right - we did NDC, CyberOptics and Fluortek, and all of that gives us about $210 million. One other thing I would comment, through what we have done thus far, we have now been opened to many types of deals - for example, CyberOptics was a public company deal, NDC was a carve-out from a public company in Europe, so we feel good about our pipeline. We will remain strategically and financially diligent and disciplined.
Matt Summerville: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joe Kelley: Morning Mike.
Mike Halloran: Maybe help me understand some of the comments you had about the seasonality through the year. Obviously the first answer to Matts question was very helpful as far as how youre thinking about the various moving pieces and orders trends; but Naga, you highlighted that the guidance assumes uncertainty around what the second half looked like, so maybe you could talk a little bit about what the seasonal assumptions look like, how the front half compares and the back half compared to what normal seasonality looks like, and whats behind the uncertainty that youve got embedded in the back half. Im not saying its not prudent, I just want to make sure I understand where you guys are coming from.
Joe Kelley: Sure, maybe again, Naga, Ill take the front half of that. Mike, if you think about our full year guide, basically the midpoint is 4% sales growth and flat earnings on the full year. The simple way to think about this is acquisitions are roughly 4%, so the organic growth is probably 2% to 3%, and this is offset by our assumption around unfavorable currency impacts. The organic growth is coming in at incremental margins of 40% to 45%. The CyberOptics acquisition, as I mentioned before, is slightly accretive, but whats embedded in the earnings guidance is theres a currency headwind of about 3%, so when you think about 1% in sales of currency headwind, it translates to roughly 1.3 to 1.5 headwind on the earnings line. Interest expense is driving an increase given the change in interest rates, plus this year we did benefit from some foreign currency hedge gains, so those are not forecasted to repeat, so thats about a $0.20 headwind or 2% headwind to earnings. Thats the full year, kind of what were thinking about. To your question on timing, we feel pretty good about our visibility into the first half of the year. Were entering with a billion-dollar backlog, so we see organic growth in the first half of the year of about 4% to 5% - this is following two consecutive years of double-digit organic growth. But when we look at the second half, our guidance assumes that the organic growth is actually relatively flat at the midpoint, and so--and thats just given our visibility. We have good visibility to the first half, I would tell you, given some of our backlog in systems orders, and limited visibility to the second half.  When you think about the first half, its actually not evenly split between Q1 and Q2. Your have Chinese New Year last year fell in Q2; this year, it falls into Q1, plus as you know, our systems business has grown nicely and so with that backlog, when we look at the scheduled customer system delivery dates, Q2 will be much stronger than Q3. Thats kind of how were thinking about it. When you think about FX, the FX headwind is going to be heavier in Q1 and Q2 at about 4% to 5% unfavorable on sales, where that will moderate to be relatively neutral in the back half provided we stay at forecasted exchange rates.  Hopefully that helps.
Mike Halloran: No, that was great. To paraphrase quickly, first quarter youve got some headwinds, second quarter you feel really good about the delivery schedule you see based on the backlog, but maybe some expectations for orders to be somewhat soft, youre just not sure what the environment look like, so the back half then, youve got maybe below normal seasonality 2Q to 3Q and well just see how it plays out as we get closer to that date. Is that a fair, very quick interpretation?
Joe Kelley: Thats a fair interpretation, yes. The FX is a heavier impact in the first half then the second half, just given the way exchange rates have moved. Thats a fair interpretation.
Mike Halloran: Thanks for that. Then the second and related piece is on the medical piece, you mentioned the inefficiencies. Could you maybe just help bucket out what kind of an impact that was in the quarter and then when you think the timing of that could get back towards what you think the more normal run rate for margins are in that segment?
Joe Kelley: Yes Mike, so the reference there is to our MFS segment, which saw--you know, in the quarter had nice 15% growth and the operating profit grew, but it was negatively impacted, I would tell you, by approximately probably $5 million due to some manufacturing inefficiencies. This again was tied to the consolidation of the factories Q3, and so as we look into 2023, that factory as it ramps up to targeted efficiency levels and production levels, that will start to mitigate as we move throughout, I would tell you, the first half of 23.
Mike Halloran: Great. Really appreciate the color, that was helpful. Thanks everyone. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you Mike.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Naga and Joe, I want to go back to your comments around the moderating book to bill here. I know lead times have been extended on the order side. Are we seeing some normalization thats driving some of that as well, or are you seeing specific volatility in certain end markets or geographies? Just any thoughts there.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, if you think about our Q4 contribution and the full year contribution, it was fairly broad-based, all our business lines across all the three segments, and the same can be said for our geographies, so historic two years [indiscernible] organic growth going into [indiscernible].  As Joe said, we have good backlog, and we talked about by those different end markets, so in general we feel very strongly about first half, we have good visibility. I think second half, the best way I would tell you is our assumptions are it is a flat kind of organic growth, is really what we are assuming. Remember, this is flat on historic revenues in second half of 2022.
Allison Poliniak: Thats helpful. Then I know you talked about some timing of deliveries, you know, Q1 versus Q2, but was there any timing deliveries maybe that shifted into Q4 that could have been Q1? I know organic was maybe quite a bit stronger than we had anticipated. Just any thoughts there, thanks. 
Joe Kelley: Yes Allison, I would tell you Q4, particularly on the systems side, came in stronger than anticipated, and so there was a portion of that which you could contribute to timing, perhaps getting pulled into Q4 as opposed to Q1, so that does contribute a little bit to our guidance in Q1.
Allison Poliniak: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Hammond from Keybanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning guys. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Jeff Hammond: Just on advanced tech, it sounds like great finish to the year, kind of in line-ish growth versus the rest. Im just wondering if you can parse out momentum in test and inspection versus electronics. Any softness around--you know, emerging softness around the consumer-related portions of your business or any of this China regulation noise, either on the core or on CyberOptics?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think the way to think about this, our test and inspection business continues to have strong momentum coming into the year, and as we can see it, we feel good about our test and inspection business. We do see some moderation or book to bill that is unfavorable in our dispense side of the business, which has a portion of it is consumer-related, not all of it, because there is still semiconductor. But overall, we feel good that both these product lines will grow in the year and ATS as a segment would have single digit growth in the year, so feel good about that. First half, really good visibility, second half is a flattish kind of assumption. In terms of China regulation, Jeff, is one of the questions you asked, we dont see any significant impact that we know of today, so we dont really see that.  I know you had another piece there, Jeff, that I may have missed, if I didnt answer all of yours.
Jeff Hammond: No, I think that covers it. Then just on the guide, maybe its around macro uncertainty but the range is pretty wide, and maybe outside of the sales range, what are some of the other moving pieces that will inform maybe the wider range, and then if you can just give us an interest expense number so we can kind of fine-tune how to think about the increase there, thatd be great. Thanks.
Joe Kelley: Yes Jeff, maybe Ill take the interest expense first. I would think about that going from roughly $20 million to $40 million based on the interest rate movements and our average powering balances 22 to 23. As it relates to our guide in terms of the sales range, again I just would go back and share that we have pretty good visibility into Q1 and Q2, and so the first half, the organic growth for the first half is 4% to 5%. You can think about acquisitions as a 4% favorable, and then FX is 4% to 5% unfavorable in the first half. When we go to the back half, its really relatively flat - organic sales 4%, acquisition, and then FX starts to moderate and is maybe flat to negative 1%.  Then as it relates to the range, I would tell you that--you know, appreciate roughly 50% systems and 50% parts and consumables, and we have pretty good visibility on the systems side. The parts and consumables again is a shorter book and ship time frame, and so were just looking at our order entry and monitoring that and being--you know, putting a range particularly on the back half, and so as you see our Q1 guidance is relatively tight and, to your point on the earnings, the interest expense will be a headwind to earnings in Q1 particularly.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thanks. A similar line of questioning here. Basically, can you help us think through how much price youre carrying into next year, and then how much visibility you have on that and how much youre thinking about upside-downside on that, and sort of similar question on volume.
Joe Kelley: Yes, so if you think about it, our price, we exited Q4 with roughly 4% realization in price, so as you can appreciate, that impact grew throughout 2022 as we realized inflation and then we took pricing actions to pass that inflation through. As a reminder, our stated strategy was to pass through the inflation, not the inflation plus 55% gross margins, and we were effective on that. It had a diluted impact on the percentage but we were effective. To your point, were carrying into Q1, so part of the first half growth, organic growth of 4% to 5%, you can probably think about that as roughly split - half would be pricing given the timing of price realization last year, and half of that would be volume. Then as you can appreciate, as you get then to the back half of next year, the pricing impact on a year-over-year basis will be less simply because we had realized more throughout the year as we experienced the inflation. All that said, we clearly remain in a dynamic environment and responsive. As the cost pressures and inflation change throughout the year, we will be responsive, and again were targeting and weve been successful in maintaining incremental operating profit margins of 40% to 45% on the organic growth - we delivered that in Q3 at 43, we delivered that for the full year at 55%, which was actually ahead of our target, so thats how we think about it and, to your point, well continue to manage that.
Sundaram Nagarajan: One thing to add to our pricing effectiveness, there are a couple of things to remember. The gross margins are over 50%, right, that is because we create value for our customers, and this value allows us to get paid for any cost increases that we have, so weve been very prudent in managing the cost increases. But youve got to remember, we create value and we get paid for it. The second thing I would tell you, from our customers point of view, our cost structure in their total cost stack is a fairly small number, so we are a low cost component creating incredible value and critical value, and that allows us to continue to be effective along price increases. But you know, we certainly want to protect our customer relationships and were being prudent, and thats what youre going to see us do in this environment that we are experiencing.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, understood. Thank you for the context there.  Just thinking through the guidance range, maybe just a little bit of a clarifying point, are you--when you think about the high end versus the low end, are there certain end markets that you are risking higher or lower? You made the comment earlier about the systems versus components, but can you just sort of clarify if there is specific markets that youre particularly watching in driving that wide range or is it just the broad economic uncertainty?
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the way to think about our range is that, first as Joe indicated and reiterated, we are very comfortable because of the visibility we have and because of the system orders we have. There is a split between the first quarter and the second quarter given Chinese New Year timing as well as systems shipments. But second half, Connor, we are assuming flattish growth on some very historic record revenue levels that we were running in 22. We expect all of our segments to grow in the year, albeit single digits, so. The two end markets we are watching that weve talked about is our biopharma fluid components, which is 20% of our MFS segment, its a small part of our MFS segment. That is where we have customer inventory is fairly high, from what we understand, so well watch that one. The other one that I indicated was our dispense business in the ATS segment, which has had some incredible growth here in the past two years. What you see--you know, coming into the quarter, there was some unfavorable book to bill trends there, so were watching that, so those would be the two we would be watching. Our industrial businesses seem to be remaining pretty solid, our system industrial businesses are actually growing very nicely. Our medical business is back to pre-COVID levels, which is our medical interventional business, I should say, so. Hopefully that gives you some more color.
Connor Lynagh: It does, thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, if you would like to ask a question, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Your next question is from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning guys. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joe Kelley: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: I have a question. Was interested to hear the call-out on the polymer product lines. I dont recall if that got a call-out in recent quarters, but curious if youre seeing some emerging vibrancy in those markets or kind of a recap trend.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think that is a business--if you remember, a number of years, a few years ago, we had exited our [indiscernible] barrels business but we kept some parts of the business that we really liked which had some long term trends, and so--and certainly weve had to address a number of cost structure issues in that business over the period of time. I have a great leadership team thats taken us through that and has positioned the business to go after the best growth opportunities there, and so all that work has resulted in a pretty nice growth rate.  Again, this is a business that we liked. There were parts of the business we liked and there were parts we did not like, but I think were in a place where this is a good business and it is growing nicely for us. I wouldnt say this is our biggest strategic part of the company [indiscernible] medical growth and test and inspection growth, but it is a solid part of our portfolio. We really appreciate what the team has done in this part of the business to really reposition the business, and now it is growing.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Is there any different appetite or healthier trends in the end markets?
Sundaram Nagarajan: I would say a couple of things. There is certainly this whole trend around recycling, its a trend that is certainly benefiting this business. What we also see is in some parts of the business, there is some specialty film that is used in EV battery manufacturing that they have a pretty good customer base.  Again, these are all small opportunities, Chris. I dont want to make it to be significant, but it really has pretty nice momentum in these two areas and the team is doing--and there is some bio plastic materials also that the team is working on, so. Again, singles and doubles is the way you want to think about [indiscernible]. I think the bigger takeaway should be the company is, you know, with some incredible leadership from our teams, reposition [indiscernible] better place and growing.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. On ATS--or in MFS, rather, I wanted to look at the non-medical side. I think its basically EFD, something over a couple hundred million. Just want to remind what the customers and applications are there, the cyclicality and how thats positioned. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, that business is--you know, its actually one of our most diversified applications. Quite frankly, [indiscernible] fluid dispensing applications to electronics dispensing applications to life sciences. That business wins with applications, so its pretty diversified. [Indiscernible] GDP kind of growth is what it typically does, maybe a little bit more if the electronics cycle is going strong for them. Its a good business but a growing part of it is also life sciences.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Q&A session of todays call. I will now turn the call back over to Naga for any closing comments.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on todays call. Our core capabilities combined with the NBS Next growth framework positions us well for a dynamic environment. This was evidenced in 2022 and we expect it to position us well for fiscal 2023 as well. We remain focused on achieving our long term objective of delivering top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns.  We wish you a happy holiday season. 
Operator: This concludes the Nordson Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-08-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rex and Ill be your conference operator today.  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporations Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Conference Call.  All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, again press star, one. Thank you. Ms. Mahoney, you may begin your conference.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Im here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO, and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 23 to report Nordsons fiscal 2022 third quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during todays call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors.  This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until August 30, 2022.  During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metrics was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to todays agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss third quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the two business segments. Joe will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will then share a high level commentary about our enterprise performance, including an overview of the CyberOptics acquisition announcement. He will conclude with a review of the fiscal 2022 full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, Ill turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2022 third quarter conference call.  Before we begin, Id like to congratulate the Nordson team for delivering another record third quarter. As you may recall, we reported record sales and profitability in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. The fact that the team delivered above this result is a true testament to our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, effective deployment of the NBS Next growth framework, and the dedicated Nordson employees who are driving our strong profitable growth. Ill speak more about the business in a few moments, but first, Ill turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter. 
Joseph Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone.  On Slide #5, youll see third quarter fiscal 2022 sales were a record $662 million, an increase of 2% compared to the prior years third quarter sales of $647 million. The increase was primarily related to 4% organic volume growth plus the NDC acquisition, offset by unfavorable currency impacts of 5%. On a constant currency basis, our sales increased 7% compared to prior year third quarter, which was the previous quarterly sales record.  The organic growth was broad-based across most end markets and geographies except for Asia Pacific, which was impacted by the Shanghai, China COVID lockdowns for the first month and a half of this fiscal third quarter, as expected. We are very thankful for the outstanding efforts of our China employees as their return in full force helped to offset a significant portion of the lockdown impact and contributed to the record sales quarter. Gross profit for the third quarter of fiscal 2022 totaled $366 million or 55% of sales, a slight increase compared to the $365 million or 57% of sales in the prior year third quarter. Excluding one-time restructuring costs, adjusted gross profit totaled $368 million or 56% of sales. The team continues to actively manage the price-cost dynamic in these inflationary periods in addition to unfavorable currency impacts.  Operating profit totaled $185 million in the quarter. During the quarter, we recorded one-time restructuring costs associated with a facility consolidation in the EFB division of the ATS segment and the closure of our Russian operations. Adjusted operating profit, excluding these non-recurring items, was $188 million in the quarter or 28% of sales compared to the strong prior year third quarter operating profit of $188 million.  Organic sales volume leverage contributed to the operating profit result and was offset by unfavorable currency impact and inflationary pressures. EBITDA for the third quarter was $213 million or 32% of sales, which is ahead of our long-term target of 30%.  Looking at non-operating expenses, other net expenses decreased $3 million primarily driven by lower non-operating pension costs and foreign currency exchange gains. Tax expense was $39 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which is in line with our prior year third quarter rate and the forecasted full year rate for 2022.  Net income in the quarter totaled $142 million or $2.45 per share. Adjusted earnings per share, excluding severance and facility closure costs, totaled $2.49 per share, a 3% increase from the prior year. This improvement is reflective of the year-over-year increase in sales and, more importantly, the consistent application of the NBS Next growth framework which leads to steady, profitable growth.  Now lets turn to Slides 6 and 7 to review the third quarter 2022 segment performance. Industrial precision solution sales of $341 million decreased 1% compared to the prior year third quarter, but grew 5% on a constant currency basis, with the NDC acquisition providing a 7% sales increase which was offset by an organic volume decrease of 1%. The unfavorable currency impact on this segment was 7%.  The organic 1% decrease needs to be properly interpreted as IPS third quarter 2021 was a very strong quarter, 10% above the quarterly average in fiscal 2021 as it was inclusive of several large system orders which customers pulled forward. Also, the IPS segments China operations are headquartered in Shanghai and therefore the segment was disproportionately impacted by the COVID lockdowns in May and June of this year. The organic growth, excluding these factors, was driven by robust demand for packaging and product assembly product lines in the food and beverage industry and industrial end markets in most geographies.  Operating profit for the quarter was $120 million or 35% of sales, which is a decrease of 3% compared to the prior year operating profit of $124 million. Unfavorable currency negatively impacted operating profit despite comparable sales to the prior year record third quarter. Moving now to advanced technology solutions, sales were $321 million, a 7% increase compared to the prior year third quarter and sequentially beat the second quarter 2022 quarterly revenue record for this segment. The record quarterly sales included an increase in organic sales volume of 10% offset by unfavorable currency impacts. Growth was across all major product lines but particularly strong in the electronics dispense and biopharma fluid component product lines. All geographies contributed to this quarters growth with particular strength in the international regions.  Third quarter fiscal 2022 results for ATS included $2.5 million of non-recurring facility closure expenses associated with the consolidation of manufacturing operations within the EFD division. This consolidation will enable improved operating efficiency and customer service levels to support the growth of this division once complete. Third quarter adjusted operating profit excluding the consolidation expense was $89 million or 28% of sales, an increase of 10% over the prior year operating profit of $81 million. The profit growth was driven by sales volume leverage offset partially by currency and inflationary pressures. This segment continues to deliver impressive sales growth at very attractive 40%-plus incremental operating profit margins. Deployment of our NBS Next growth framework continues to be a key element in the success of this segment delivering profitable growth. Finally turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 8, our third quarter balance sheet includes cash of $129 million and net debt was $675 million, resulting in a 0.9 times leverage ratio based on the trailing 12-months EBITDA. We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities, such as the CyberOptics acquisition announced on August 8. Free cash flow in the quarter was $111 million or a conversion rate on net income of 78% as strategic investments are being made in inventory to address portions of the current supply chain constraints and increase capacity to address the growing backlog. Dividend payments were $29 million in the quarter and our board approved a 27% increase in the annual dividend effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. This marks the 59th consecutive year the company has increased its dividend. The significant increase of 27% reflects the strength of our financial results, which are driven by our continued progress in executing the Ascend strategy combined with the desire to maintain targeted payout and yield ratios. The annual dividend yield now will be slightly over 1% at current market prices. Also, with the ongoing market volatility, we again capitalized on the opportunistic repurchase of shares. Year to date, we have spent over $230 million on share repurchases averaging a price of $219 per share.  For modeling purposes in fiscal 2022, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 21% and capital expenditures of approximately $50 million.  I will now turn the call back to Naga. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you Joe.  We are working through incredibly dynamic times, yet our teams continued to meet the needs of our customers. It is their dedication and focus on our customers that resulted in another record-breaking quarter. I want to pause and say thank you to our employees. You make these results possible.  We continue to manage through the challenges of the short term macro environment and we are making solid progress on our Ascend strategy. As illustrated on Slide 9, we announced our decision to realign our business segments to better focus on our best profitable growth opportunities. Effective August 1, we reorganized into three financial reporting segments.  Industrial precision solutions led by Jeff Pembroke will focus on proprietary dispensing and processing technology for adhesives, coatings, paints, finishes, and other materials across diverse end markets. Jeff joined Nordson in 2005 and has driven growth in multiple businesses across Nordson. He also was instrumental in the development of our medical platform.  The new medical and fluid solutions segment will include Nordsons fluid management solutions for medical, high tech industrial, and other diverse end markets. This remains one of the companys growth engines both organically and acquisitively. This segment is being led by Stephen Lovass. Stephen joined Nordson in 2016 as the leader for the industrial coating solutions business. In 2020, he was appointed the head of our Strategy and Corporate Development group where he has actively advanced our Ascend strategy.  Finally, our advanced technology solutions segment will focus on test and inspection, precisely controlled dispensing, and surface treatment for electronics applications. Srini Subramanian is leading this segment. Srini joined Nordson in 2006 and has served in roles of increasing responsibility in corporate development, business management, and global market development. Srini was most recently Vice President of the Electronics Processing Solutions division where he is successfully driving the execution of the NBS Next growth framework.  Our new reporting structure will give better visibility into our medical and electronics platforms, which have grown significantly through both organic and acquisitive opportunities. Im also pleased that this structure gives us the opportunity to recognize and promote from within Nordson and advance our winning team strategy. We will share historic financials reflecting this new segmentation after the third quarter fiscal 2022 10-Q filing. Turning to Slide 10, Im pleased to highlight the new acquisition agreement that we announced earlier in August. Nordson has a very disciplined acquisition strategy. Were focused on acquiring businesses with differentiated precision technology that serve attractive high growth end market applications. We have been building platforms in two end markets that meet these strategic criteria: medical and test and inspection.  In the test and inspection platform, we have built a significant product offering for our electronic customers in X-ray and acoustic inspection. Using the NBS Next growth framework, the test and inspection division identified optical inspection as a high growth application in this end market. Further, our deep understanding of the semiconductor customer and industry trends indicates that the 3D automated optical inspection product category is growing double digits.  Optical inspection, which takes a picture of the surface level of an application such as semiconductors or printed circuit boards is an efficient non-invasive inspection method. CyberOptics, which established itself as a leading global developer and manufacturer of high precision 3D optical sensing technology solutions provides a new growth platform for us with existing and new customers in the electronics end market.  CyberOptics utilizes a proprietary sensor technology called MRS that significantly reduces reflection to create higher quality 3D image in diverse electronics applications. The innovative CyberOptics sensors combined with advanced software results in high quality images at market-leading speed, precision and resolution.  The company also has introduced WaferSense technology, which is a wireless diagnostic tool that provides real time data to ensure the calibration and process reliability of wafer production systems. Today this type of inspection requires machines to go offline, so WaferSense offers in-line diagnostic inspection that will improve a customers product quality and throughput efficiency. This technology will allow Nordson to further expand into the front end of the semiconductor manufacturing process where Nordson has limited presence today. We are very excited to soon add CyberOptics differentiated technology into Nordsons portfolio. This acquisition meets the strategic and financial expectations we outlined during our investor day in March 2021. We expect this deal to close in our first quarter of fiscal 2023. We will invest in this business to extend the technology to meet emerging customer needs and scale their global sales and service infrastructure to make their technology accessible to a broader range of electronics customers. Now lets turn to our updated fiscal 2022 outlook on Slide 11. Order entry remained strong throughout the third quarter with a favorable book-to-bill ratio maintaining backlog at over $1 billion. This growth in backlog is partially related to the ongoing extended shipment request dates for large customer orders in electronics, industrial and medical end markets. For the full year fiscal 2022, we are confirming our previously provided revenue guidance of 8% to 9% growth and adjusted earnings growth in the range of 18% to 21% over fiscal 2021, despite the increased currency headwinds. This is approximately 20% earnings growth following a record 2021 financial performance. It is a testament to our dedicated employees and the solid execution of the SN strategy.  Our financial results and expectations for profitable growth is rooted in our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Additionally, the ongoing implementation of NBS Next is making sure that we have a crystal clear view of our best growth opportunities and we remain disproportionately invested in them during this dynamic environment. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: and your results certainly about that trend in your commentary about strength in end markets certainly there. Any differences that youre seeing, maybe some of your earlier cycle order entry filling, just any dynamics that youre seeing that maybe you are raising some red flags in your head? And I guess in line with that, how do you view this portfolio now that youve built through cycles? It seems much significantly more defensible as we go forward here with particularly strength in that medical and some of the technology businesses, so just any thoughts there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Allison, we missed the earlier part of the question. If you dont mind, could you repeat it? Maybe I missed it.
Allison Poliniak: Yes, I would say just any red flags that youre starting to see. I know you talked to order entry being pretty strong still, but just any sort of normalization or slowing or some cautiousness around some of your customers that are out there today?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure. In general, as we indicated and our results show, it was a very broad-based demand environment that we are experiencing today, and points of strength, as we indicated, electronics, medical. We also saw some really good strength and solid order entry, as well as revenue profiles in our industrial businesses, and our consumer-facing businesses in North America were particularly strong as well.  As you think about orders, our comps are beginning to get difficult, right? If anything, thats probably what you would see, but in general very solid in electronics, very solid in medical, pretty good strength in industrial, so.
Joseph Kelley: I would just - in the quarter, our order entry from a strength standpoint was again a favorable book-to-bill, so thats the seventh consecutive quarter where weve been adding to backlog. So despite the record sales, order entry was north of our sales.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. And then the new segment structure that you put out there, I just recall ATS kind of before that push into medical was extremely volatile. How should we think of that volatility in ATS today? Is that test and inspection balancing some of that volatility that youve historically seen there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. If you think about our electronics business, and weve talked about this now for some time here, our electronics dispense business as such has gotten more broader and more diverse in the applications, as well as test and inspection is less volatile when compared to dispense and hence what you find really is less cyclical than before, but it is still a tech-facing business, it still has some cyclicality, might be amplitude of the cycles being muted is our expectation. 
Allison Poliniak: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh. Your line is open.
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if we could dive in on the CyberOptics acquisition a little bit more. Could you maybe discuss the competitive positioning of the company, sort of why you found it to be an attractive target? And then the second portion of this, if you could just detail some of the cost synergies. It seems like that was a meaningful portion of the deal.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, if you think about CyberOptics, CyberOptics is a leading global design developer of 3D optical inspection. And the reason we call that out as 3D optical inspection is that they have some unique technology around something called MRS, which is really -- which suppresses the reflection coming off of shiny surfaces. So what you find really is they are really strong in this and that leads to highly precise at greater speeds of 3D images than their competitors. So their competitor advantage really is on speed, precision and resolution. What we find is, theyre about a $100 million company in a market space about $1 billion, so we felt or we believe that there is an opportunity here for us to continue to expand their wonderful technology into existing customers of Nordson and use our global infrastructure to be able to gain share in the marketplace and certainly continue to solve problems for our existing customers. So from our perspective, it is -- the 3D inspection is a double-digit growing part of test and inspection technology, so a much faster growth rate that our existing test and inspection technologies, which are still growing nicely at high single digits, but 3D optical inspection is growing at double digits. So really like the growth rate, really like the technology, really like the market position and hence the combination of CyberOptics technology with Nordsons market presence and commercial infrastructure, believe that this is a really good addition to our portfolio. And Joe, do you want to take the question on synergies?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. Thank you, Naga. Yes, so when you think about the $6 million of cost synergies, I would tell you theres two main buckets. One is greater than 50% of those cost synergies are simply eliminating the public company costs. As youre aware, CyberOptics is a public company, and so theres some cost synergies there that are north of 50% of the total. The other one I would tell you is, when you look at Nordsons global sales infrastructure, theres opportunity there to leverage our physical infrastructure around the world to more efficiently support their existing sales force and start to leverage their presence in other geographies, and thats the remainder I would tell you of the $6 million cost synergies.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Id add one more thing on CyberOptics, and it is an important piece of why we have decided to go this route, is that the technology of CyberOptics is exceptional in our mind, and we intend to continue to invest in this technology to meet emerging customer needs. And so yes, we have the synergies, but its also equally important to remember that this is the reason we acquired CyberOptics, is really to invest in the technology and support the growth that they have experienced, which is incredibly good compared to their peers. 
Connor Lynagh: Makes sense, thank you. I was wondering, just broadly speaking within this value chain, are there any other areas that you see as particularly high growth, particularly compelling for further capital allocation?
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, there are a number of other opportunities out there that we continue to evaluate, so the opportunity pipeline looks pretty good. But in terms of this area, traditionally we have spent most of our time in the back end of the semiconductor manufacturing and also weve spent more time in components, as well as PCBs. What CyberOptics brings us is more exposure to the front end where we have limited opportunities, and so the front to middle part of semiconductor manufacturing still is an area where Nordsons capabilities align yet our presence is limited, so we do see opportunities there. 
Connor Lynagh: All right, thanks very much. Ill turn it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you, good morning. Congrats on the deal. Was curious on the longer cycle side of the business, you mentioned industrial markets along with electronics and medical, but in the industrial markets with the long lead time, large orders, Im curious if you could kind of differentiate among your industrial end markets, where youre seeing those long lead time, larger orders land.
Sundaram Nagarajan: If you think about our industrial coatings business, this is just one of those businesses where we have pretty--we have customers placing orders much into 2023, right, and so really we find--and its not only our industrial but theyre also consumer-facing, for example our container coating business is doing really well and the backlog is pretty strong as we look forward into 2023, we see some pretty good strength. Similarly what youre--on a broader basis, this is a trend that has been talked about but continues to emerge, which we see some strength in the U.S., is that as our customers think about supply chain constraints and as they begin to re-shore manufacturing to more regional places, we do see opportunities for our industrial businesses to continue to have strength and opportunities to grow.  You know, our newly acquired NDC Technologies, which we call it as the mission control systems business within Nordson, is also seeing some pretty good strength. Here, just as a reminder, what we manufacture here are sensors or sensing technologies that go on automated lines of manufacturing, so if youre in the food and beverage industry, our sensors detect and ensure that the chip, for example, has the right crispness, and if you are in a film cast line, it measures the thickness of the film to make sure that high quality film is produced.  Again, our sensor technologies aiding automation, another secular trend that we are very excited, that positions Nordson to continue to grow. 
Christopher Glynn: Great, thanks. Just wanted to touch on the short cycle industrial space - you know, how youre seeing the continuity there, particularly on some of the consumables, the OEM content that you sell.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. If you think about our OEM consumer-facing businesses, especially in our adhesive business, we have new applications that were very excited about. In electric vehicles, were starting to gain some traction there. Electric vehicle battery manufacturing is not completely solidified yet, but the number of emerging applications that are very beneficial to Nordsons hot melt adhesive and other technologies, so very excited about that. On consumer packaging, interestingly enough, in North America our businesses continue to have pretty good strength. In Europe as well, we seem to have good strength, but in Europe it gets muted by the currency headwinds that we are facing right now.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks for all the color.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, if I could just add a little color in number terms - I mean, if you look at our growth rate in the United States, it was up organically 5%, which is accelerating from our year-to-date growth rate in that business.
Christopher Glynn: Got you, thanks Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with Keybanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning Jeff.
Joseph Kelley: Good morning.
Jeff Hammond: Just back on the order front, any indications youre getting from customers that theyre going to start to kind of normalize the order patterns and kind of get away from this less long dated focus, or is that continuing to play out? Then just separately, I think Naga, you said electronics still very strong, but weve gotten a lot of mixed messages on semi capex, and just wondering how youre kind of looking behind the scenes to understand any cracks there. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, so let me take the electronics question first and then well talk about that.  In terms of electronics, what youre beginning to find is that based on what we see with our customers, our sales model, which is a direct sales model so we have direct interactions with our--customers dont have distributors in between, the order entry still looks pretty solid and still continues to be robust for our teams, both in the dispense side of the business as well as in test and inspection.  The thing to remember is something that has changed about electronics and digital businesses is that now electronics is just not limited to consumer goods, right? Electronics is much broader, a bigger part--a significantly bigger part of how people conduct business. Think about the explosion in cloud, think about number of different technologies now have become a common part of doing business, be it a Zoom call or a Teams call. All of this has digital infrastructure behind it that needs to continue to be supported, so. Our teams find that our electronics businesses and the need for electronics in this digital economy is much more broader than it ever has been, and so that might be part of the explanation why we continue to see strength in electronics for a longer period than before - that is one, and the second is the complexity of these devices, semiconductors, there is a lot of work going on to ensure throughput and quality of these devices, and hence we see our test and inspection businesses benefit from this trend about--you know, not quite 100% but pretty darn close to more in line examination and inspection than offline sampling, so you see that benefit. From an electronics business, from what we can see, what we have visibility to do, and we do have a lot of visibility because of our direct sales model, we feel really good about where the business is at today. In terms of our customers and order pattern changing, we have not seen it normalize yet, that people are coming back now. In the past, we used to have backlog for a quarter ahead, but now we have several quarters in front of us, right, and I think unless--at least, this is just my personal perspective, as we resolve supply chain issues and people feel more confident about our supply chain, not just Nordsons supply chain but global supply chain, this is not going to change, so until we have that, it is going to be this long dated orders is just people feeling I need to get my orders in line so that my project, which is going to come online in a year from now, doesnt get delayed.  You know, I wish I could give you a more clear answer, but thats what were seeing. We continue to see our customers keep the same pattern that we have seen in the last four to six quarters, that still are reflected in this large backlog we have, and I have not seen it normalize yet.
Jeff Hammond: No, thats great color. Then just maybe a preview on the segment change, any light you can shed on rough--I dont know if the business is ex-CyberOptics or going to be 50/50 between medical and electronics, or--you know, kind of size those, and should we expect a material difference in the margin profile or the growth profile of those businesses?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, shortly after filing our 10-Q, were going to issue a press release which will give you all the historical information financially for the new segments, going back quarterly 2019, 20 and 21, so [indiscernible] will be in that release.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, and then just a housekeeping, corporate expense was a little bit higher. How should we think about that run rate into 4Q?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would just take and think about the [indiscernible] average in corporate expense on a quarterly basis is the run rate. Thats how I would think about that.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks so much.
Joseph Kelley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks, good morning. Just building on the last question on the new reporting structure, can you just talk through how you are thinking about the independent long term growth outlook for the medical and fluids business and then ATS, and then how should we think about incremental margins on the separate businesses?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, so kind of like we highlighted at our investor day, when you think about the medical business and the long term growth rate there, if that was your question, Saree, that has, I think, a higher growth rate given the mega trends in that market and the applications with which we serve, and so thats slightly higher than our ATS business and the new segmentation, which is predominantly on the electronics side. I would tell you its probably about 200 basis points higher in terms of growth rate in the medical. Then as it relates to incremental margins, as youre aware on organic growth, we have committed to 40% to 45% incremental margins on our organic growth, and you see that a little bit higher in the IPS segment over the recent quarters, past several quarters, but going forward, I would commit to the 40% to 45% in all three of our segments.
Saree Boroditsky: Great, thank you, and then you mentioned a facility closure in the quarter, I think in ATS. Would you expect to see a margin benefit from this closure, and could you quantify that for us?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, the margin benefit as we consolidate that facility, I dont think theres going to be a material change in that. Its predominantly to support the growth and supporting that growth at the incremental margins of 40% to 45%, so I would tell you as kind of a capacity play as we consolidate it into and expanded an existing facility and consolidate it from a separate facility. 
Saree Boroditsky: Great, and if I could just squeeze one more in, I think your earnings guidance still has kind of a wide range for the fourth quarter. Could you just talk through the assumptions at the bottom and top end of the range, and what would you need to see to hit the higher or lower end? Thank you.
Joseph Kelley: You bet. Yes, so when you think about our Q4 2022 guidance, first of all, I would tell you maintaining the guidance range suggests an increase in the organic growth forecast, given the fact that FX was a greater headwind than it was when we initially gave the guidance, and so when you think about Q4, our guidance at the midpoint suggests about 10% sales growth and about a 20% earnings growth, and so considering the 5% FX headwind, thats about a 15% constant currency growth rate in Q4. Saree, to answer your question, on the lower side, who knows where the exchange rates are going to move. There was some volatility, as you saw in Q3, and that has continued in Q4, and then I would tell you theres just some overall, I would say, uncertainty in the marketplace, whether its geopolitical, if you look at the COVID lockdowns that we experienced in Q3 in Shanghai and if that will have any recurring impact in Q4, we dont know, and so its just the overall, I would tell you, volatility of the supply chain which continues to be a challenge as well as currency, which kind of has us maintaining the lower end of the range. If you look at the upper portion of our guidance range, it kind of suggests that Q4 from a sales standpoint should be comparable to Q3 at the record level $662 million, and then as we also look at the upper end of our guidance range from an earnings perspective, it suggests, lets just say 23% growth, however sequentially the earnings is down from Q3, and I would tell you theres two main factors that were taking into consideration there. One is IPS sales mix is expected to be less favorable in Q4 given the composition of the backlog and items scheduled to ship. This sequentially has a negative impact on profitability when you compare it to Q3 specifically. Then secondly, the stronger U.S. dollar - I mean, with the euro at near parity or below for the forecast for Q4 compared to where it was in Q3, this again has a negative impact on earnings when you look sequentially compared to Q3.  Those are some of the thoughts that went into our guidance, maintaining our guidance, which is really increasing our organic growth forecast.
Saree Boroditsky: Great, I really appreciate the color. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird. Your line is open.
Pez: Hey, good morning everybody. This is Pez [ph] on for Mike. 
Joseph Kelley: Hi Pez.
Pez: Wanted to dig into the backlog a little bit. Just wanted to clarify - I believe you said backlog was up sequentially based on the commentary, and then also mentioned continuing to see the extended shipment dates. Previously they were booking several quarters out. Is that extending, is that shortening, is it about the same?  Then also, could you maybe discuss the composition of backlog, maybe how thats changed quarter-over-quarter?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, just specifically, order entry exceeded our sales, so it was very slight but it was an increase in our backlog, and so it remains north of $1 billion. I would tell you its basically maintaining the timeline that we saw in Q2 in terms of getting in line order entry and backlog. Its predominantly, I would say disproportionately heavily weighted on the systems side where the longer lead times are. Some of our parts and consumables are more book and ship, as you know, and so theres not a heavy backlog there; but when you look at some of our systems businesses, its going out, as Naga mentioned, into 23. Your question, has it changed? It has--that dynamic hasnt changed from Q2 to Q3. It remains the same, I would tell you. 
Pez: Then could you maybe discuss how thats changed your visibility going into F2023? Obviously backlog is elevated versus prior years going into--sorry, calendar 2023, obviously backlog is elevated going into next year relative to prior years. Does that give you a little bit more comfort in the strength for the--excuse me, the sales conversion in the front half of next year, and does that give you a little bit more visibility on the front half?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would tell you for the systems business, yes, it does give us better visibility. Think how we used to run with a $400 million backlog, and now were running with a backlog of $1 billion. Clearly the heavy systems businesses, theres greater visibility, but Id also tell you in some of our medical businesses, theres better visibility than there used to be in the past, so that does, I would tell you, help us in terms of our forecasting accuracy. That being said, there is a large portion of our business which remains with a shorter cycle time of book and ship, and so its not even across the board, like I said earlier.
Pez: Great, thank you. Thats all helpful color. Ill pass it on.
Joseph Kelley: Thanks Pez.
Operator: Again if you would like to ask a question, press star and then the number one on your telephone keypad.  Your next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions here. I guess Naga, youve given us some really great color on CyberOptics and just some of the unique capabilities there, but I guess wafer level test inspection, its a much more competitive space than some of the back end niche stuff that Nordsons been doing historically. Is it because of the unique capabilities that we moved into this, or is there really an impetus to move further into the wafer-level inspection and kind of get into that space in a much more meaningful way, and how should we think about the TAM for T&I following this deal?
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, if you just think about just the TAM for CyberOptics itself, its about $1.3 billion. There are two things very unique about CyberOptics. The 3D inspection is something that Nordson does not have, right? We have a small optical business, but really we buy CyberOptics MRS sensor to make 3D inspection happen for us, so really were already a customer of CyberOptics so we understand the capabilities of CyberOptics technology.  Wafer-level inspection is a great opportunity, but in some of the wafer-level opportunity for CyberOptics really, they sell the critical component, which is the MRS sensor, to their customers who build the broader system, right, so it kind of resembles some of our other businesses where we sell the critical component into a major machine that one of CyberOptics customers markets, right, so thats an example of it.  Our interest in this business is that CyberOptics also sells 3D inspection systems in the back end. It is not just exclusively to the front end, right? The reason we highlight front end is that because we already do back end and middle end, we dont do the front end, thats really what we were trying to do, so it is not about that we want to move exclusively into front end or greater opportunities in front end, it is just and what we do in the back end, right, so thats sort of how I think about it. The other exciting technology that CyberOptics brings to Nordson is very different, which is their WaferSense technology, which is an online monitoring of manufacturing systems in wafer production. That is completely new for us, and I think that again puts us in a place where its a small device but performs a very critical function, adds a lot of value, so two exciting technologies we bring with the company, continue to expand our test and inspection portfolio, and all rooted in this secular trend of things becoming smaller, things becoming more complex, and hence test and inspection becoming more in line, more 100% rather than sampling, so a good secular trend for us and adding more capability.  You know, optical is--one more thing on optical inspection is that optical inspection is viewed as something that doesnt impact the component its inspecting, so you think about our X-ray inspection, it impacts not the first time but after the tenth time, it would impact the component it is inspecting, but optical inspection, that does not happen, so inherently optical inspection continues to grow as an inspection method and we wanted to make sure that we have a presence in that space.
Chris Dankert: Got you, thank you Naga. Thats very helpful color. It sounds like you are really picking your spots in that front end space, so thank you. I guess by way of follow-up, and again know were not talking about fiscal 23 yet, but just given the size of the backlog, is there any lumpiness to keep in mind as were shaping and building out the out year here?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would tell you if you look at our guidance for Q4 and what we just delivered in Q3, different than last year in the back half when you saw lumpiness in terms of our Q3 performance versus our Q4. Its really starting to, I would say, level out. You also saw that in our strong Q1 compared to historically lighter Q1s if you go back several years, so from a lumpiness, I would tell you its started to level out as opposed to increase. Theres one other point Id like to make as a little bit of follow-up on Sarees question on our Q4 guidance and properly interpreting our Q3 results. When you look at Q3 profitability by segment, there were changes in inventory valuation related to switching from LIFO method to FIFO method and obsoleting older product lines. The net impact of the adjustment was immaterial to the consolidated Nordson results in the quarter, but when looking specifically at the segment profitability in Q3 2022, these adjustments favorably impacted IPS and unfavorably impacted ATS by about 100 basis points, so when thinking about our Q3 performance and forecasting into Q4, I think thats important to understand despite the fact it was immaterial to the consolidated Nordson.
Chris Dankert: Thats really helpful, Joe. Thank you so much for that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just two quick questions. First, can you comment on where Nordson stands right now price versus cost, and then maybe just a quick word on the M&A pipeline beyond CyberOptics, comment on go-forward actionability, what the funnel looks like, multiples youre seeing. Thank you.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, maybe Naga, Ill take the price versus cost - again, it was favorable in terms of we were successful in passing through the cost increase in terms of pricing, but it was negative impact from a margin standpoint because its not like remaining cost increase plus 56% on top of it, it was simply favorable from a pass through standpoint.
Sundaram Nagarajan: In terms of our pipeline, it continues to be very active, continues to be pretty strong. We have a very disciplined acquisition strategy, very focused strategically around our medical businesses and our test and inspection businesses. Clearly if we find a core technology that is adjacent to what we do, we certainly will take a look at it, but we remain focused on medical and test and inspection. The pipeline itself is pretty good. Actionability - you know, it is very difficult to say. Given the kind of volatility, it seems that its difficult to predict, so I wouldnt comment much about the actionability other than we continue to cultivate our pipeline, continue to--and CyberOptics was a great example, right? We had known CyberOptics for a number of years, we just had a nice opportunity to take that opportunity and convert it to--you know, get to a place where we were able to have an agreement, so. Actionability depends, is the best way I could say it, but we are very pleased with the strength of the pipeline and the activity we have got going on. On valuation, in some areas we have, at least public equities, look like theyve moderated, but we are playing in highly differentiated businesses, highly differentiated end markets as well as technologies. We expect to pay market multiples, but were going to be highly disciplined on our financial return metrics, and so hopefully our last two deals that we have announced, NDC as well CyberOptics, are a good indicator of entering markets where it is very strategic to us and has a great opportunity for us to grow the company while at the same time being financially disciplined. 
Matt Summerville: Got it, thank you guys.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Naga, I turn the call back over to you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our continued performance reflects the strength of our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Again, I want to thank Nordsons employees for their perseverance and commitment which makes these results possible. The continued deployment of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy will ensure we remain well positioned in this dynamic environment. Thank you for your time and attention on todays call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-05-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and Ill be your conference Operator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporations second quarter fiscal year 2022 conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star, one again. Thank you. Lara Mahoney, you may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Im here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 24 to report Nordsons fiscal 2022 second quarter results. You can see both the press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during todays call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors.  This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday, May 31, 2022.  During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metrics was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to todays agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss second quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the two business segments. Joe will also discuss the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will conclude with a high level commentary about our enterprise performance as well as our updated fiscal 2022 full year and third quarter guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, Ill turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2022 second quarter conference call.  Once again, the Nordson team successfully navigated a dynamic macro environment and delivered strong sales and earnings growth despite continued supply chain constraints and inflationary pressures, as well as newer challenges from the COVID-19 lockdowns in China and the increasing foreign currency headwinds. Im very thankful for and proud of our employees who are staying safe and deploying the NBS Next growth framework to meet the strong broad-based demand from our customers.  Our company culture is deeper than our financial results and during the quarter, I was humbled to see our employees rise up to send care packages to our colleagues impacted by the COVID-related lockdowns in China and also raise money for family and friends impacted by the situation in Ukraine. This is the Nordson impact, and it is a very special part of who we are as a company.  Ill speak more about the business in a few moments, but first Ill turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you Naga and good morning to everyone.  On Slide No. 5, youll see second quarter fiscal 2022 sales were $635 million, an increase of 8% compared to the prior years second quarter sales of $590 million. The increase was primarily related to 7% organic volume growth and 4% from the NDC acquisition offset by currency headwinds, particularly the weakening of the euro. The organic growth was broad-based across most end markets and geographies except for Japan and China. China COVID-related lockdowns negatively impacted second quarter sales by approximately $20 million as our Shanghai facility was unable to ship products for five weeks and many of our customers and freight forwarders were unable to receive or ship products. We clearly view this impact to be temporary and it is beginning to resolve itself as the lockdown restrictions start to ease. Gross profit for the second quarter of fiscal 2022 totaled $358 million or 56% of sales, a 6% increase compared to the $338 million or 57% of sales in the prior year second quarter.  The team continues to actively manage the price-cost dynamic in these inflationary periods and benefited from improved price realization compared sequentially to the first quarter of fiscal 2022. Looking at the year-over-year margin decrease of 100 basis points, this resulted largely from a change in sales mix at the segment level as ATS delivered double-digit organic growth compared to the low single digit organic growth of IPS, plus the systems sales growth exceeded parts growth.  Operating profit was $184 million in the quarter or 29% of sales, an 11% increase from the prior year. Sales volume leverage and controlled spending contributed to the incremental operating profit margins of 38% in the quarter. Organic-only incremental operating profit margins were 70%, well ahead of our long term target of 40% to 45%. The NBS Next growth framework is clearly delivering tangible results. The strategic discipline element of the framework, which is a date-based view of the best opportunities in terms of customers, products and end markets, etc., this is driving improved sales mix within many of our divisions, resulting in strong growth and favorable incremental profit. EBITDA for the second quarter was $209 million or 33% of sales, well ahead of our long term target of 30%.  Looking at non-operating expenses, the increase in other net expenses of $36 million includes the $41 million one-time non-cash pension settlement charge. As we referenced in the first quarter call, we successfully annuitized the portion of our U.S. defined benefit pension liability associated with retirees in payment status during the second quarter. This transaction settled an estimated $178 million pension liability in exchange for plan assets totaling only 96% of the projected liability, leaving the remaining pension liability over 100% funded. This transaction not only removes significant risk from the company for the long term but also reduced our future pension cash funding obligations. The remaining $5 million year-over-year benefit included in other net expenses primarily reflects foreign currency exchange gains and ongoing non-operating pension benefits associated with plan assumptions and a reduction in amortization of actuarial losses.  Tax expense was $30 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which is slightly higher than the prior years second quarter but in line with our forecasted full year rate for 2022.  Net income in the quarter totaled $110 million or $1.88 per share. Adjusted earnings per share excluding the non-cash pension annuitization charge totaled $2.43 per share, a 15% increase from the prior year. This improvement is reflective of the year-over-year increase in sales and more importantly the consistent application of the NBS Next growth framework, which leads to steady profitable growth with attractive incremental margins. Now lets turn to Slide 6 and 7 to review the second quarter 2022 segment performance.  Industrial precision solution sales of $316 million, an increase of 6% compared to the prior year second quarter. Organic volume growth in the quarter was 3% plus another 7% from the NDC acquisition. This was offset by unfavorable currency of 4%. IPS organic growth was driven by robust demand for polymer processing product lines plus steady broad-based growth in consumer non-durable end markets for hot melt adhesives dispensing in all geographies except China. COVID-related lockdowns in Shanghai negatively impacted this segments second quarter sales by approximately $15 million. Operating profit for the quarter was $102 million or 32% of sales, which is a decrease of 2% compared to the prior year operating profit of $104 million. Favorable sales volume leverage in the quarter was offset by unfavorable mix compared to the prior year second quarter as the majority of the growth was from polymer processing systems and the NDC acquisition.  Moving now to advanced technologies and solutions, sales were $319 million, a 10% increase compared to the prior year second quarter, which is a new quarterly record for this segment. This change included an increase in organic sales volume of 11% offset by unfavorable currency impacts. Growth was across most major product lines but particularly strong in the electronics dispense, test and inspection, and biopharma fluid component product lines. All geographies with the exception of China contributed to this quarters growth with particular strength in the international regions. Second quarter operating profit was $98 million or 31% of sales. The 29% increase over the prior year operating profit of $77 million was driven by sales volume leverage and the realization of benefits from cost control measures taken in fiscal 2020 and early 2021. This segment continues to deliver impressive sales growth at very attractive incremental margins and the 31% operating profit in the quarter reflects a new record level performance for ATS. Deployment of our NBS Next growth framework continues to be a key element in the success of this segment delivering profitable growth.  Finally turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Slide 8, through our disciplined approach to capital deployment and strong operating profit growth, we ended the quarter with a healthy balance sheet and abundant borrowing capacity. Cash totaled $121 million and net debt was $670 million, resulting in 0.9 times leverage ratio based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. Free cash flow in the quarter was $84 million or a conversion rate on net income of 77% as strategic investments are being made in inventory to address portions of the current supply chain constraints and support the growing backlog.  During the second quarter, we paid $30 million in dividends and spent $105 million on repurchasing approximately 470,000 shares of company stock through our 10b5-1 repurchase plan. For modeling purposes in fiscal 2022, assume an estimated effective tax rate of 21% and capital expenditures of approximately $45 million. I will now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you Joe. Lets turn to Slide 9. Again, thank you to the Nordson team for delivering this outstanding performance. Im very proud of how our employees are navigating this dynamic environment. I continue to spend a lot of time in our facilities and I am excited by the caliber of talent and the dedication of our employees to meet our customer commitments despite the constraints of the supply chain. They are actively deploying NBS Next to choose the best growth opportunities and focus their time and resources appropriately.  Strategically, we have continued to make progress on the advancement of the NBS Next growth framework, the heart of our Ascend strategy. NBS Next boils down to three words: choices, focus, and simplifying. Expanding beyond our pilot sites, we now have several strong business examples of driving profitable growth in different divisions. With this in mind, we launched a four-month NBS Next accelerator training program which had its first in-person session in April. In the program, Nordson participants learned through hands-on exercises with real Nordson data as well as in-class discussions. More importantly, each participant left with a better understanding and a thoughtful action plan that will accelerate the deployment of the NBS Next growth framework across the company.  As practical application of NBS Next gets embedded deeper in our organization, the more aligned and skilled we are as a team to deliver top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns. This is an important investment in our people and company. Im grateful to the Nordson team for all that is being done to mitigate risks due to supply chain, inflation, labor, and COVID challenges.  In this dynamic environment, Im equally energized the secular growth drivers in key end markets leading to strong ongoing demand from our customers. As Joe noted, our ATS segment delivered record sales and profits. It is driven by Nordsons ability to deliver on exciting trends in electronics, including investments in both capacity and on-shoring, new product innovation, and the continued demand for semiconductors and PCBs. Both our electronics dispense and T&I product lines will continue to benefit from these trends. The medical end market also continues to grow. While we have talked at length about the growth in our biopharma fluid components, we are also experiencing the recovery of our interventional solutions product lines which are fueled by the aging population, shifts towards outpatient procedures, and medical OEM outsourcing. The diversity of Nordsons end markets and geographic exposure as well as high recurring revenue content positions us well to deliver consistent profitable growth through the economic cycle. Now lets turn to our updated fiscal 2022 outlook on Slides 10 and 11. Order entry remained strong throughout the second quarter with a favorable book to bill ratio growing backlog to over $1 billion. This growth in backlog is partially related to the ongoing extended shipment request dates for large customer orders in electronics, industrial and medical end markets. Looking specifically at the third quarter fiscal 2022, revenue and adjusted earnings are forecast to be comparable to the prior year results where the prior year third quarter was the strongest quarter of fiscal 2021.  For the full year fiscal 2022, we are guiding to a revenue growth of 8% to 9% and we are increasing the previously issued adjusted earnings guidance to the range of 18% to 21% over fiscal 2021. This is approximately 20% earnings growth following a record 2021 financial performance. It is a testament to the solid execution of the SN strategy.  Our financial results and expectations for growth reflect our differentiated precision technology, customer-centric model, and diversified end markets. Additionally, the ongoing implementation of NBS Next is making sure we have a crystal clear view on priorities in this dynamic environment. As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders, and the Nordson team for your continued support.  With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question today is from Matt Summerville with DA Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple questions. Obviously the second quarter was impacted by about $20 million related to the mandated COVID-related lockdowns in China. What sort of net impact do you expect in fiscal Q3, meaning are you still seeing top line impact today but on a net basis, given $20 million effectively pushed, do you think that is a net positive to your Q3? I guess Im trying to understand how that dynamic plays into the go forward views here.
Joseph Kelley: Yes Matt, thank you for the question. As it relates to our forecast and our guidance for Q3 and the lockdowns in the Shanghai region of China, we anticipate those to start to subside. Weve had no shipments for five weeks in Q2 and so were starting to--things are starting to open up there, were starting to get people back in the factory, were starting to be able to ship. Were not yet at 100% but we anticipate being 100% roughly by mid-June, so that is whats included in our assumption.
Matt Summerville: Then you had very strong quarter-on-quarter and year-over-year incrementals in ATS, part of that attributable to some actions that youve taken on the cost side, also expense discipline. Go forward, how should we be thinking about maybe the forward-looking margin cadence in ATS specifically? Thank you.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, so when you think about ATS, any given quarter theres a handful of mix that will impact any results, so I dont want to take one given quarter and say, annualize it. But I encourage us to look at the trend in ATS, and what you see going on over the last several quarters is consistently improving the profitability of that segment. Its kind of like the driver there, Matt, is the comment that I said in the script in terms of NBS Next, is that segment not only does the cost control, which you referenced, but from a gross margin and a profitability standpoint and the strong incrementals is really coming from improving mix within each of the divisions in that segment, so if you think about NBS next and strategic discipline, which is a database framework to say, what are my best growth opportunities, as those individual divisions are focusing on those best growth opportunities, they generally are the higher margin opportunities, and so as we outgrow in those high margin product lines, regions, end markets, its improving the mix within those divisions.  Thats whats contributing to those favorable incremental margins in ATS, and were quite proud of that trend. I dont know that I can say, hey, Q2 is now the ongoing run rate, but directionally thats what youll continue to see.
Matt Summerville: Understood, thanks Joe.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Hammond with Keybanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Joseph Kelley: Morning Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Can you just talk about the durability of the growth youre seeing in electronics and test and inspection? Weve heard kind of a line of tough comps and the consumer starting to slow here around mobility, PCs, etc., and just wanted to get what youre seeing on a go-forward basis.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, thank you for the question, Jeff. On our electronics business, what we see is this [indiscernible] of our customers and applications that we have undertaken over the last number of years, that you begin to see the business doing incredibly well in a couple of different areas. One of the areas is really semiconductors, and what we find is the ongoing capacity additions, on-shoring to mitigate some risks that all of us see in the industry, but in addition to that digital technology and digital way of doing business has just spurred this new secular growth that we see our customers continuing to benefit for some time to come.  From what we see in our businesses, our order rates are pretty strong, our shipments are pretty strong in the electronics area, so now just as a reminder, we have electronics dispense as well as test and inspection both benefiting from it, so in the quarter both the divisions had double-digit growth. Certainly there are comp issues, but we feel really good about prospects for these divisions and their contribution to growth for us.  We do have lesser exposure--you know, we have a broad-based supply chain we participate in, in electronics, so it is less correlated to one particular consumer product or the other. That used to be where we were a number of years ago, and we have talked to you about how we have diversified our applications, and so think of Nordsons electronic business participating in the entire electronics supply chain and that diversity is really helping us participate in a good way.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Then I just wanted to come back on this dynamic around the timing of the backlog and customers saying they want things a little bit later, because it seems like most of my other industrial companies have big backlogs and its more a function of we cant get stuff out the door, and were--you know, the order rates are just outpacing what we can deliver. Yours just seems a little bit different, and I just wanted to understand why it shakes out that way.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Jeff, thats a great question. In terms of our backlog, I wouldnt say we dont have the issue that youre talking about - orders ahead of shipments. We do have some of that, right - we are limited by the supply chain, meaning how much our suppliers can provide us in terms of components, especially for our systems business to be able to ship, so that is still a factor in our backlog.  The second factor, though, is we are seeing clearly, and we have pretty good line of sight to understand that we have customers placing orders ahead of where they normally have, and we see that mostly in our system business, now were seeing it in our interventional components business, medical interventional components business as well. If you look at our backlog, the majority of our backlog is from systems businesses and medical businesses, and partly driven by these long-dated customer request dates. 
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to stick on that backlog theme. I know theres certainly an extended backlog here. Is there a way to better understand the extent of that extension, meaning is it two weeks extended, is it a month, a quarter? Just any color there, and then just any thoughts on risk of cancellation in that backlog or double ordering, which I know is a concern of folks. Just any thoughts there, thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, thank you Allison. Let me take the cancellation first and then well talk a little bit about what were seeing in terms of customer long-dated requests. On cancellation, thats something that we monitor very closely in the business. Given our direct customer business model, it allows us much more insight into customer thoughts, sentiments and behavior, right? In general, we have not had issues around cancellation, and so from our perspective thats not manifesting itself in the business today.  The second thing I would tell you is also remember we--you know, more than 50% of our business is very system oriented, engineered systems, so this is not like you could buy it in a couple of different places. Once you place a system order that is very customized to your own application, that is a benefit for us, right, so from a cancellation perspective we have not seen it in the business now. The second question around long-dated customer requests, Ill give you a couple of anecdotal things that we see in the business as sort of indicative of what we are experiencing. One, in a couple of our system businesses, we have orders now that are dated to be shipped in second quarter of next year. In the past, the norm was you would get three, six months out request dates, and now were starting to see three, four quarters out, so thats one. Second is in our medical businesses, medical interventional business, we typically get blanket orders and those blanket orders cover us for a quarter of two, but now were getting blanket orders for a longer period of time, so those would be two anecdotal evidences that indicates what were seeing in our business. Joe, you want to talk a little bit about customer prepayments that might give an indication of what were seeing in the [indiscernible]?
Joseph Kelley: Yes Naga, so Allison, we also track not just cancellations and are looking out for that, but also our customer prepayments, and as the majority of the backlog is comprised of systems and medical orders, as Naga mentioned, those systems orders come with customer prepayments, and those are up now north of $90 million, and so proportional to our systems backlog, the prepayments have also grown. We view the systems backlog piece as very solid as it relates to future shipments, and the visibility is out now several quarters whereas our traditional, Ill call it non-systems heavy business, parts business, we see a modest uptick in the backlog but that is much more book-and-ship within a couple weeks, so that one is not out nearly as far.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks. Thats helpful. Then just price realization, Naga, I think you had mentioned sequentially improved. Are you in a more favorable price-cost situation today, and are you still comfortable with that second half being a net positive for Nordson going forward?
Joseph Kelley: Yes Allison, when you look at our performance going Q1 to Q2, actually our price realization was a little bit better than what we had anticipated going into Q2. Its forecasted to continue to improve here in Q3 again as we work through the re-pricing and the long backlog, so it was favorable in dollar terms in Q2 and was forecasted to slightly improve as we head into Q3, so we feel pretty good about that. I will tell you its a very dynamic situation with all the different cost components and the inflationary pressures.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thank you.
Operator: Again if youd like to ask a question, thats star, one on your telephone keypad. Our next question is from Chris Dankert with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, morning. Again, just to kind of keep pulling the thread on backlog a bit here, your guidance commentary implies most of the year-over-year growth that is expected in the back half kind of shows up in the fourth quarter, I guess. Can you give us a sense for just how confident you are in that cadence and just whats the risk that we could see a piece of that fall into fiscal 23? Just any kind of sense for how fluid some of those orders are versus your confidence in seeing the growth in the fourth quarter. 
Joseph Kelley: You bet, Chris. Yes, let me comment, if I could, just on the quarterly split of our guidance here in the back half. If you think about our guidance, midpoint the back half is going to be up roughly 6% over the prior year. I will remind you in the prior year, Q3 was our strongest quarter and there was about $25 million worth of sales that we were able to get out in the electronics space in Q3 that was pulled forward based on a customer request from Q4 scheduled delivery into Q3. Q3 was strong, Q4 was sequentially softer last year, and so what you see this year is--you know, I would tell you 6% growth over the second half, but youre right, it implies the fourth quarter is going to be stronger than the third quarter, so what you see there is heavy, again, visibility on the systems side and so a high degree of confidence on the system forecasting, and also as I mentioned in the first question, the China lockdown, and as that starts to moderate here and still impacts us a little bit in Q3, that will be a challenging Q3. So Q4 stronger than Q3, I wouldnt get carried away with the quarter year-over-year growth rates and think about it more as 6% growth in the back half, and if you think about that broken down, I would tell you FX is about a 3.5% to 4% headwind, acquisitions is about a 3% to 4% tailwind, and so its really roughly 6% to 7% organic growth is what were forecasting in the second half, and good visibility on the systems side. Your question about supply chain constraints, and look, it is a dynamic environment, it requires us to get the material and be able to ship it, but weve been quite successful, I think, in delivering growth over the past five quarters, averaging greater than double digit organic growth, so Im optimistic that we will be able to deliver that here in Q4.
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, one thing, Chris, I would add too is given our organizational structure, right - over the last 24 months, we have gone to an owner mindset, division-led structure, this allows our divisions to forecast in a fairly crisp way as they--you know, we have a direct customer business model so each of our divisions have fairly good visibility, and our forecast was really based on our divisions forecast, so this is not something that Joe and I decide as much as we--you know, this is a sum of all of our divisions views of where the market is at and their own supply chain, so we feel good about where we are because I think it does give us better clarity into where we are expecting our customers to perform division by division.
Chris Dankert: Got it, thank you both. Thats incredibly helpful color.  Then not to pin you down, but Im going to try and pin you down a bit here. Circling back to the ATS margin question, I guess in the past, mid-20s was kind of the EBIT margin target there. Is it fair to say that, hey, weve at least moved into a high 20s target cross-cycle here, or am I kind of overstepping on that? 
Joseph Kelley: No, thats what I kind of meant by the trajectory is what were looking at and then the long term gains. If we look at that business, it went from operating at EBIT margins around 20, last year stepped up to the mid to low 20s, and this year were running in the high 20s on average for the first half, so I think that trajectory is the way to think about this business in terms of running the NBS Next playbook.  Naga, you wanted to add something?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Hey Chris, sorry to interrupt you, but before we take and put it down, I wanted to add a little bit of color there just to make sure. We have materially improved the cost position, structure position in this business, so we feel really good about those gains. The only caution I would have for you--you know, two things. One is, as Joe mentioned, this is one quarter, and second Id also say that we have--you know, were doing really well on the electronics business, which as you know has--the amplitude of the cycle has muted because of the diversification work weve done, but it is still a cycle, so were in a good part of the cycle, we have taken cost out, weve materially improved the position of the business well, we have mix help in there, so there are a number of contributing factors, so my caution would be lets give it a couple of quarters here before we lock in a run rate. 
Chris Dankert: Totally fair, thanks so much for--oh, go ahead?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, quite simply theres a lot of things going on there, and one of them also is the top line growth. I mean, this is a record sales quarter for this segment, and so as you think about driving that growth, you get that natural leverage as well, and so its not just the profitability, its also the growth that thats delivering - I mean, 11% organic growth in the quarter despite all these challenges. 
Chris Dankert: I guess to that end, Id assume facility utilization has got to be at or near a record, no?
Joseph Kelley: Well you see on the capex side in this business, we are making investments to expand capacity where needed to support this growth, particularly in the electronics space and then the medical space, which weve highlighted as the high growth areas. You see we spend--you know, although its a small number percentage speaking, but it is an increase, and $24 million on capex year-to-date, and so we continue to add capacity where needed, although it continues to be capital-light. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes Chris, on the capacity side, on our assembly business, think of that as capacity we have but more constrained by the supply chain and our ability to get components to fully support the demand. Thats one capacity that youve got to take into consideration beyond our own ability to act on [indiscernible] and the backlog, so thats one. On the process side, which is sort of what Joe has mentioned, were adding capacity where there it is physical capacity within the company, but we are excited about the capacity adds we are making in businesses that have very strong growth, really great investments for the company and our investors.
Chris Dankert: Understood, well thank you both so much for the color. Much appreciated. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Walt Liptak with Seaport. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone. 
Joseph Kelley: Good morning Walt.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask a follow-on - you know, as were thinking about the second half, if theres going to be more systems shipped in the fourth quarter, does that have an impact on the fourth quarter gross margin? My recollection is that parts might be higher margin and systems might be lower. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about that.
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would--you know, you are correct at a high level, although I would tell you the disparity between parts and systems is not that great, but you are correct at a high level. I would tell you theres a couple things offsetting that. Perhaps as you go into Q4, as you think about Q4, one is the sales volume leverage, and then two is the price-cost realization. I think that will improve sequentially from our Q2, so as we think about going from Q1 to Q2 improved, Q2 to the back half, that should also improve. Then I would also tell you, Walt, within the systems business, thats a big bucket, there is opportunities for mix within that, and when you think about the mix within the systems business, there is opportunity for that to be favorable, so I wouldnt necessarily think about margin degradation as we go into Q4.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. If I could try one on the IPS segment, the 30% organic, I wonder if you could parse out what the price was versus units, and are you seeing unit growth?
Joseph Kelley: Yes, I would tell you price was a component of that 3%, but there was also unit growth as well. It wasnt simply price. Price wasnt the full 3%.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And also, Joe, this is the segment we had more currency headwinds too, right?
Joseph Kelley: Correct, so the currency headwind in this segment was 4%, and that was greater than that in the ATS segment due to the large European business that we have here. But specifically looking at the organic piece, I would tell you there was volume growth in there. Thats not just all price.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right. Great.  Then just a last one, thinking about China and the reopening, I guess as your employees get back to work, I wonder, is this something where you think it will ramp quickly or do you think China is going to have its own supply chains and this will be a slower ramp? How long do you think it will take to get China back to normal?
Sundaram Nagarajan: You know, we have been slowly bringing people back as the government allows us to, and we believe it will be a slower ramp but we also believe that we would be fully operational at normal run rates hopefully in the next four to six weeks, so mid-June that Joe mentioned in his earlier comments, thats our expectation. But Walt, business, a dynamic environment that none of us really controls, our teams are doing one incredible job dealing with where we are, and we are so proud of how our leadership and our teams have worked together and are really--and teams around the rest of the world who have to work around this issue in China, so its not only that we have our China factory and our shipments in China, but we also have customers who pull from our other factories, so all in all very proud of the work our teams are doing in some very incredibly difficult situations.  Our expectations are things are doing well, things are coming back, but surely expect a slower ramp with an expectation that another four to six weeks, we get back to normal shipping rates. For us, I couldnt emphasize this more - safety of our people is our number one priority, and everything else will work out. But were just so proud of the team there and Im proud of everybody around the world who have been working to overcome the challenges we have had in China in the quarter and as we get into third quarter, so a big shout-out to the Nordson team. Nice job for us.
Walter Liptak: Okay, that sounds great. Good luck with that ramp in China, and well talk to you soon. Thanks.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you Walt.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Ill turn it over to Naga for any closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. Our continued performance reflects the strength of our differentiated positioned technology, customer-centric business model, and diversified end markets. The continued deployment of NBS Next and the Ascend strategy will ensure we remain well positioned in this dynamic environment. Thank you for your time and attention on todays call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the CyberOptics First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dr. Subodh Kulkarni. Please go ahead.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for participating in CyberOptics earnings conference call for the first quarter of 2022. Joining me is Jeff Bertelsen, our CFO and Chief Operating Officer, who will review our results in some detail following my overview of our recent performance. We then will be pleased to answer your questions at the conclusion of our remarks. In keeping with Regulation FD, we have made forward-looking statements regarding our outlook in this mornings earnings release. These forward-looking statements reflect our outlook for future results, which is subject to a number of risks that are discussed in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We urge you to review these discussions of risk factors. Turning now to our recent performance. CyberOptics reported strong sales and earnings in the first quarter of 2022. Each of our product groups, 3D and 2D sensors, semiconductor products and inspection and metrology systems posted strong double-digit year-over-year sales growth in the first quarter of 2022. The competitive advantages of these products are allowing CyberOptics to further penetrate our targeted growth markets in the areas of advanced Surface Mount Technology, or SMT, applications and semiconductor capital equipment. This makes us confident about CyberOptics second quarter and full year prospects. We reported sales of $24.2 million for the first quarter of 2022 ended March 31, an increase of 37% from $17.7 million in the first quarter of 2021. Net income for the first quarter of 2022 was $3.6 million or $0.47 per diluted share, an increase of 149% from earnings of $1.4 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the year earlier quarter. This strong operating results are evidence that CyberOptics is continuing to perform at a high level. Now for the next few minutes, Ill briefly review the performance of each of our product families. Sales of 3D and 2D sensors increased 27% year-over-year to $8.1 million in the first quarter of 2022. Within this category, sales of 3D MRS sensors rose 15% year-over-year to $4.9 million in the years first quarter. Semiconductor inspection and metrology applications are continuing to generate demand for our 3D MRS-based sensors. Sales of 3D and 2D sensors are forecasted to post solid growth on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter of 2022. Sales of semiconductor sensors, principally our WaferSense line of sensors, increased 34% year-over-year to $6.8 million in the first quarter of 2022. Strong global demand for semiconductors is in turn driving demand for semiconductor capital equipment where our WaferSense products are utilized. Sales of semiconductor sensors are forecasted to post strong double-digit growth on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter of 2022. Sales of inspection and metrology systems rose 49% year-over-year in the first quarter of 2022 to $9.4 million. Driving this strong growth were sales of SQ3000 Multi-Function inspection systems, which increased 45% year-over-year to $5.9 million. This advanced product is continuing to gain traction among both existing and new customers. Total SQ3000 sales related to mini-LED applications came to $619,000 in this years first quarter. In the first quarter of 2021, we did not book any mini-LED related SQ sales. As the year progresses, we anticipate receiving new orders for mini-LED related applications from both current as well as new customers scaling up production. We are confident mini-LED related inspection and metrology applications will make another strong contribution to our full year revenue stream. First quarter system sales benefited from customer acceptances of $1 million for 3D MX3000 Final Vision Inspection systems and sensor kits for memory modules. New orders totaling $3.5 million for 3D MX3000 systems were received during the first quarter, which brought our quarter ending MX backlog to $5.9 million. Orders in the current backlog are scheduled to be recognized as revenue over the balance of 2022. We expect to receive additional MX orders as the year progresses. Given normal sales fluctuations of capital equipment, inspection and metrology system sales are forecasted to be relatively flat on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter of 2022. CyberOptics backlog at the end of this years first quarter totaled $47.4 million, up from $47.3 million at December 31, 2021, and $32.4 million at the end of first quarter of 2021. We are forecasting sales of $25 million to $28 million for the second quarter of 2022 ending June 30, compared to $25.2 million reported in the second quarter of 2021. Our sales forecast for Q2 assumes roughly $1 million of MX related revenue in the quarter. The lower end of our sales forecast assumes limited shipments of SQ systems to China in Q2 due to COVID-19. Our 3D MRS-based sensors and inspection systems and semiconductor sensors are enabling CyberOptics to capitalize upon significant growth opportunities in our targeted SMT and semiconductor capital equipment markets. For this reason, we see 2022 shaping up as another good year for CyberOptics. Thank you. Now Jeff Bertelsen will review our first quarter performance in greater detail.
Jeff Bertelsen: Thanks, Subodh. Our gross margin percentage in the first quarter of 2022 was 47.8%, up slightly from 47.3% in the first quarter of 2021, but down from 49.6% in the fourth quarter of 2021. The year-over-year improvement in gross margin percentage stemmed from a slightly better sales mix and related gross margins on inspection and metrology systems sales. A slight sequential quarterly decline, which was previously anticipated and in line with our expectations heading into the quarter was mainly attributable to lower price points on SQ3000 system sales. Our gross margin percentage for the second quarter of 2022 is expected to be down about 1 percentage point from this years first quarter level, mainly due to revenue mix. Total operating expenses in the first quarter of 2022 increased 15% year-over-year to $7.6 million. The increase was due to higher third-party channel commissions resulting from the significantly higher year-over-year sales, along with higher compensation costs for new employees and higher spending for trade shows. Depreciation and amortization expense totaled $569,000 in the first quarter of 2022, and stock compensation expense came to $353,000. Total operating expenses in the second quarter of 2022 are forecasted to increase by a few percentage points on a sequential quarterly basis. Our effective income tax rate for the first quarter of 2022 was 11% and was favorably impacted by an increase in the amount of income eligible for FDII and GILTI benefits due to a change in U.S. tax law requiring capitalization and subsequent amortization of R&D expenses. While the change is expected to have a favorable impact on our effective tax rate in 2022, it will most likely increase the amount of cash we expend for income taxes, particularly in 2023 and later years. Cash and marketable securities totaled $38.2 million at the end of this years first quarter, down slightly from $38.3 million at December 31, 2021 and up from $32.3 million at the end of the first quarter of 2021. Given tight supply chains and extended lead times for certain key components needed to manufacture our products, we have deemed it prudent to keep additional inventories on hand, so we can meet anticipated customer demand, particularly SQ systems for mini-LED related applications. These extra inventories will be worked down to more normal levels as we progress through this year. I should also emphasize that to-date, part shortages and shipping delays have not had a significant impact on our business. And at this time, we do not anticipate a major impact going forward. We believe our capital resources are adequate for achieving our growth objectives. Our lineup of MRS-enabled sensors and systems and WaferSense semiconductor products are enabling us to capitalize upon important growth opportunities in our targeted markets. Our progress at penetrating our markets make us believe that 2022 is shaping up as another good year for CyberOptics. Thank you. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well take our first question from the line of Greg Palm. Please go ahead.
Greg Palm: Subodh and Jeff, good morning. Congrats on the good results here.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Greg
Greg Palm: Wanted to start off with maybe some high-level commentary. Subodh, maybe just talk about what youre seeing from an industry demand standpoint? And just kind of remind us exposure to China. What are you seeing over there just given the lockdowns? Maybe just a little bit of color would be helpful?
Subodh Kulkarni: Sure. We play both in the semiconductor as well as in the electronics manufacturing market. On a total basis, this market continues to be very healthy and growing in solid double-digits right now. The growth rate seems to be a little bit, getting to be a little bit slower than 2021. I mean 2021 was a great year for semiconductors and electronics and the reports say that the total market grew 20% to 25% in 2021. At this point, it looks like the growth rate will slow down a little bit from 2021 rates, but still very healthy, solid double-digit kind of a growth rate. Similarly, in 2020  people are starting to  analysts are starting to project what will happen in 2023. Again, the growth rate is expected to slow down a little bit, but continue to be solid positive numbers. So China, clearly  and COVID issues in East Asia clearly are impacting all these numbers, thats why some slowdown is starting to happen. But despite all the factors, COVID factors, the geopolitical factors, the Russia/Ukraine war situation, the industry  overall industry semi and electronic pertains to be extremely healthy. Demand continues to be strong, and the markets continue to grow at a solid double-digit clip. So thats the overall macro backdrop commentary, if you will, from our perspective. Within that, we continue to do well. As you can clearly see our Q1, we had a great growth rate of 37%. We continue to believe we will grow solid double-digits through the rest of the year. So we feel pretty good about our position, our technologies, our products, in a healthy macro climate right now.
Greg Palm: Okay. Thats great. And specific to mini-LED, you mentioned that you still expect orders in 2022. Whats your visibility at this point? And I mean, do you see any risk of stuff pushing just given whats going on with supply chain and the lockdowns over there in China?
Subodh Kulkarni: There is some risk. I mean, clearly, the COVID situation in China, the chip shortage in  worldwide, and there are some specific chips that are needed for mini-LED applications. So some of those external factors may impact the scale-up rate. But directionally, we are pretty confident the scale-up is going on of different products. Different consumer electronics companies are getting into the market. So exactly as we have been predicting, mini-LED will continue to grow. Exactly which quarter and how many systems thats stuff to forecast, so it is possible given whats going around. There may be a few months delay. But overall, we feel pretty good that the mini-LED market will continue to grow at a healthy run rate, and we will continue to benefit from that by selling SQ systems in that marketplace.
Greg Palm: And to be clear, youre expecting both significant orders and significant revenue generation in 2022, correct?
Subodh Kulkarni: Correct.
Greg Palm: Okay. Good. And then may be just one last one, more of a housekeeping question, the $5.9 million of MX backlog. Can you confirm whether thats all 3D? And how should we think about recognition of that full amount throughout the year? I think some in Q2 based on the mix comment. But should we assume that maybe 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 or how should we kind of think about it at this point?
Jeff Bertelsen: Yes, so of the $5.9 million, $5.3 million of it is 3D. Theres a little bit of 2D in it, but its virtually all 3D. And then in terms of right now how we kind of see that laying out through the balance of the year, certainly, were expecting $1 million in Q2. Right now, just using round numbers, Im anticipating $3 million done in Q3 and then the balance in Q4. As we get closer to the end of the second quarter, theres a chance that the $2 million in Q4 could move into Q3, but well know more about that in the next few months.
Subodh Kulkarni: And we will certainly get more orders that have potentially impact Q3 and Q4 numbers.
Greg Palm: Okay, great. All right. Ill hop in the queue. Thanks so much.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Well take our next question from Orin Hirschman. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Orin Hirschman: Hi, how are you? Congratulations on the result. Just a follow-up one or two questions from the last round of questions, in terms of the orders of the micro LED inspections. Does the China lockdown, does that affect that type of order flow or not so much because its got to be done way in advance and are you hopeful that there will be more orders imminently? And has anything changed in the overall dynamic positive or negative for micro LED site?
Subodh Kulkarni: So Orin, if I understand your question right, youre asking about the China lockdown and how does that impact the mini-LED overall business.
Orin Hirschman: Im sorry the mini-LED, yes, Im sorry [indiscernible] Im sorry.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thats okay. So indeed, China lockdown unpredictability of how the lockdowns are being done is impacting how the scale up is happening in China because as of today, most of the manufacturing lines that are making mini-LED display are in China. So these lockdowns are impacting current production as well as investment plans. So it is a little uncertain on how things will go from here given the uncertain nature of their lockdowns. Theres also another impact, which is  there are some custom chips that are needed for mini-LED displays and those chips are in short supply. So its a combination of the China COVID lockdowns, and chip supply that are impacting scale of mini LED. Having said that, we still think it will continue to scale up. As I mentioned in the earlier question, there may be a delay of one month or two or three here, but nothing fundamentally changes. Mini-LED will continue to get scaled up, and we still feel pretty confident that the business will be a solid growth generator for us in 2022 and beyond.
Orin Hirschman: And lets assume that the lockdowns lift, can you kind of recap in terms of  its really been primarily one customer for you with influences on lots of other customers. As much detail as youre comfortable providing, kind of give us the lay  the inspection side in terms of one customer versus multiple customers, if any other dynamics?
Subodh Kulkarni: There are multiple customers who are getting involved in mini-LED right now. Its no longer just a single customer situation. And there are many projects that are going on. Many of them are in China, and thats why the lockdowns and what happens is important. But there are other countries that are starting to get into mini-LED as well. So its no longer a one customer, one country situation. Certainly, China is important and the primary, the consumer electronics company that started scaling up mini-LED is very important. But it is beginning to become more of an ecosystem now with more companies, more applications, more products. So we certainly expect growth to come from various different areas.
Orin Hirschman: Have you actually, I apologize I dont recall do you actually ship to more than more customer?
Subodh Kulkarni: We actually, as we have prior  previously disclosed, we have shipped many LED-related SQ systems to multiple customers. And some of them  many of them are contract manufacturers who service more than one or  consumer electronics companies. So yes, we are shipping mini-LED related equipped to multiple applications, multiple customers right now.
Orin Hirschman: And I guess just my question was, for those customers, do those customers have multiple customers or just one huge customer?
Subodh Kulkarni: Well, they do have multiple customers. We are just not sure of the ratio of one customer to the other customer. They dont disclose those details.
Orin Hirschman: Got it.
Subodh Kulkarni: But if you just do a research on mini-LED, micro LED right now, you can get a list of all the different kinds of projects that are going around in the world with mini and micro LED, and you will see a list of consumer electronics companies. And you may even see a list of contract manufacturers that support these consumer electronic companies. So the ecosystem is becoming broader than just a single customer and a couple of contract manufacturers.
Orin Hirschman: And finally, my question on the new  one of the new businesses that you the wafer inspection side, youve announced one big OSAT win. Are you hoping to announce  I guess maybe youre hoping to ship that system during this calendar year. And are you hoping to get other wins during this year  whats going on there? And has the lockdown affected that at all as well in terms of the progress getting to the next customer?
Subodh Kulkarni: Sure, so if I understand your question right, it is about the WX product and how that scale up is going?
Orin Hirschman: Yes.
Subodh Kulkarni: So as we have disclosed before, we have two major customers right now for our WX system. One is we are servicing through our Chinese system integrator. So we actually sell only sensor and software in that case. The other major IDM, we sell the whole WX system. And so we have two customers we are servicing as of right now. We are talking to multiple other customers for WX. These are long evaluation processes take a long time for selection. They have to make sure that they go through all their analysis, and sometimes it takes months, if not quarters for them to come to that conclusion. As I mentioned before, in the semiconductor area, there is a significant concentration of customers. So theres, only 30 to 40 customers that matter in this space once you go beyond that the market will be very small. So every win is a big win, but it takes a long time to win. But right now, we feel pretty good about the two wins we have, and one of them has started scaling up aggressively. So we are scaling up multiple systems right now. The other one we still have to ship our first system, but we expect them to start selling getting  buying more once they are happy with the performance. And we are talking to more. So we are pretty confident well get a couple more by the end of this year. But it does take a long time to go through their evaluation processes and qualifications.
Orin Hirschman: And just a follow-up on that  thank you for that clarification. That would be maybe give you more customers on the system side. So on that one large customer on the system side any idea when youre going to ship that first system?
Subodh Kulkarni: It is sometime in this quarter. Frankly, it would have happened had it not been for the lockdowns in China that does impact because we are building the final system in China right now, and the lockdowns did impact us in getting the product built and shipped, but it should still happen this quarter. So long as the lockdowns become a little more reasonable.
Orin Hirschman: And that is actually a bookable shipment in terms of the revenue comment?
Jeff Bertelsen: Yes. That particular shipment right now, what were anticipating is it will ship in the second quarter as Subodh said, and just given the customer acceptance on it mentally, were assuming it will become revenue in Q3.
Orin Hirschman: Got it. Thats my question. And any guess  I know its truly a guess that you tried how long the valuation will be with that first system I mean obviously, theyve done a lot of valuations with wafers et cetera, to get to this point to pull the trigger. But do you think its a six-month wait, a nine-month wait or could be shorter than that and include?
Subodh Kulkarni: Could be shorter but our experience suggests that it will be in the order of six months or so. They will thoroughly test the system in their production environment for the rest of this year, effectively before they issue multiple orders for the next system.
Orin Hirschman: Okay. Thanks.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Orin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from the line of Greg Johnson. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, Subodh and Jeff. Congrats on a great quarter.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Greg.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, if you could just give any color I know this is a ways off, but with the memory and semi incentives and some of the production builds that are going here. What are you seeing there? How would you have us think about when that comes on? And is there anything outside of those as far as  going to be even some of the consumer side that might be a little bit more domestic oriented?
Subodh Kulkarni: If I understand your question right, Greg, youre asking us to comment about the memory industry in general and U.S. production of memory, is that correct?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. And how  theres so many things that are building out here as far as production and theres been some incentive, obviously, for less dependence in China and outside of the U.S.?
Subodh Kulkarni: So the memory chip in market, if you will, I mean, its dominated by three large manufacturers, Samsung, Hynix and Micron. Most of the fabs that these three companies have are not in China. They are in places like Korea, some in the U.S., Japan those kinds of places. So I dont think that, the whole China  related discussion becomes that important when it comes to memory chip manufacturing. Regarding your specific question about the U.S. production, I believe youre specifically referring to the CHIPS Act that is being discussed at Congress level right now. As far as I can tell, most of the discussion around that is centered around processor kind of chips. I havent heard too much discussion about memory chips in that kind of discussion. And thats because of the significant exposure the world has when it comes to processor chips with respect to Taiwan and specifically TSMC. So thats where a lot of the discussion gets centered. I really see any discussion about memory manufacturing when it comes to the CHIPS Act. So I think memory is  just from our perspective, memory is a very healthy market right now. We believe it will continue to stay very healthy for all the reasons that we have discussed it in the past. And I dont think the U.S. CHIPS Act is going to significantly change where the chips are going to be made and those kinds of things. That may have more impact on the processor side and less on the memory side. Does that answer your question?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. And Im just  are you planning anything there as far as benefiting from all the build that is being done here?
Subodh Kulkarni: Certainly, I mean, we play in the front end of semiconductor fabs with our WaferSense product line. We certainly play in the back-end area with our products like the memory module inspection, system MX or SQ and some of the sensors we sell and so on. So we play across the whole spectrum. And clearly, we have a big exposure to the memory manufacturers because of SQ and MX specifically. If more chips get made in the U.S., its good for us. Obviously, we are here in this region. But in all fairness, I mean, right now, more than 80% of our sales come from outside the U.S., and we have successfully penetrated the fabs, even though they are in Korea, Taiwan and other countries. So that hasnt been a negative factor for us. Certainly, as U.S. citizens and stationed here, we would love to see more fabs here in the U.S. It helps all of us as a country. But I dont think we can say that our business has been gated because we are not in the U.S. as a fab. We have done a pretty good job of penetrating fabs whenever they are in the world. Did that answer your question, Greg, or do you have any further question?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Im good. Thank you very much.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well take our next question from the line of Eric Slade. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Eric Slade: Hey, congratulations Subodh, Jeff, another nice solid quarter. Yes, so since we
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Eric.
Eric Slade: Yes, so since were talking about memory, the last gentleman, youre still working on the third  you have the first two biggest memory guys. So that third one still, I would say, hot and heavy, right?
Subodh Kulkarni: Absolutely, we continue to work with the third large memory manufacturer. They are a customer of ours for our SQ systems. So they know us pretty well and they are our customer of ours for WaferSense. So they know us pretty well. But so far, we have not been able to convince them to start buying our MX systems yet.
Eric Slade: Okay. Something to look forward to. Now back to the mini micro it seems to be the topic today. So on that $25.2 million to  is it $25.2 million to $28 million guide. I take it that you dont expect  you guys never speculate. So in that $25.2 million to $28 million, is there any mini micro in that number in those revenues or no?
Jeff Bertelsen: I mean there is  we arent anticipating any new orders for Q2 for mini-LED in our Q2 guidance. Theres a little bit of backlog left, and were anticipating that. But no large orders are included in the guidance.
Eric Slade: So really, as weve talked before Jeff, these orders come sort of out of the blue, dont they? That you dont really know the plan till the end, right?
Jeff Bertelsen: I mean we dont necessarily have great visibility, Eric. The customers dont go into a lot of details regarding their plans. So they do tend to show up when they show up.
Eric Slade: So I guess my point is that $25.2 million to $28 million, if we get a nice lumpy order like weve seen in the past, which probably should happen at some point here. Those numbers could be revised up quite nicely, right. We got a nice lumpy order?
Jeff Bertelsen: Sure. Its possible. I mean if we get an unanticipated order, as you said, later in the quarter, I mean its possible. But again, were not including anything or necessarily expecting anything in our guidance.
Eric Slade: Well, thats the way to do it. But so on the WX3000 well jump over there for a second. I think weve talked about this before. You would think by the fourth quarter, well start maybe seeing yes, about six months, right. Well start seeing the ramp happening?
Jeff Bertelsen: Yes. I think as weve said, as the year progresses, I think well get some more orders for that. And so yes, its certainly  over time, we certainly would see that business increasing as we continue to show the product and do more evaluations with customers, we anticipate more orders going forward.
Eric Slade: Now the other question I have, the one last one on the Mini Micro is my understanding, the only way to really play it from a domestic side is on the back end and that would be Kulicke & Soffa and then yourselves, right. Theres, no other public companies out there and I know Applied Materials goes  the big ones dont  arent involved. Is that correct?
Subodh Kulkarni: Well, its a little more complex than that, Eric. I mean, the mini-LEDs themselves are made different kinds of fabs. Right now most of them are in Asia, then the transport process of the mini-LED from your semiconductor substrates to whatever substrate you want to use, whether its plastic or glass, thats where we get involved. And certainly as you mentioned, could we get so far with that big sort of system plays and that we certainly with our SQ system play in it. There are a few other companies like the ones who make ovens and pick-and-place machines and other things that play in it as well. Then theres the whole final packaging process that makes the finish display. There are a few other companies that will get involved in it. So its a little more complex than just one or two companies making the whole manufacturing lot.
Eric Slade: No, I realized that. I thought a publicly traded companies, I guess that was my question. No, I know theres probably quite a few suppliers that  but I dont know if theyre publicly traded, but thats not that important. The other question is, are your downstream from Kulicke & Soffa, right?
Subodh Kulkarni: Well actually, we are both upstream and downstream. I mean we  there are  as we have discussed in the past, we have  there are six steps of inspection in that mini-LED is transferred to whatever substrate of choice. And there is a step  theres a couple of steps actually incoming inspection and solder pad inspections that happened before the pick-and-place operation happens, in click and so far six other system or some other pick-and-place system. So couple of our inspections happens before the pick-and-place and the other four inspection steps happen after the pick-and-place. So we have both upstream and downstream.
Eric Slade: I was going to make a point real quick. I was looking through, I mean, micro its hard to really get anything to concrete you go to their site. But I did pull something up and I might have forward it to you, Jeff. It mentions all these companies, I never really recognize Asian companies. Its got Kulicke & Soffa, but they dont even know you guys exist never seen CyberOptics in there. It just shows you how under-followed. So I dont know if you guys can do anything about that. But on some of the  I think in one chart in particular, they listed all the companies, a lot of charges has been listed companies and it was Kulicke & Soffa but no CyberOptics, just to point that out. But a great quarter and I look forward to the next one.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks, Eric.
Jeff Bertelsen: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. Dr. Kulkarni, Id like to turn the conference back over to you for any additional closing remarks.
Subodh Kulkarni: Thanks. Thank you all for your questions and interest. We look forward to updating you after our results in Q2. Thanks again.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-12-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, Id like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call.  Thank you. Lara Mahoney, you may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I am here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 16, 2021, to report Nordsons fiscal year 2021 fourth quarter and full year results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during todays call on our website at nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until December 30, 2021. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A complete reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric has been provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call maybe forward-looking based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to todays agenda on Slide 3, Naga will discuss fourth quarter and full year highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the two business segments. Joe also will talk about the year end balance sheets and cash flow. Naga will conclude with high level commentary about our enterprise performance, including an update on the Ascend strategy, as well as our fiscal 2022 first quarter and full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I will turn to Slide 4 and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2021 fourth quarter and full year conference call. On the heels of 2020, a year marked by the COVID pandemic, I dont think anyone knew what to expect coming into 2021. We were well positioned having both remained invested in our customer-centric businesses and started deployment of NBS Next growth framework. Our focus remained sharply on protecting the health and safety of our employees, while also meeting the needs of our customers. The successful deployment of NBS Next ensured we were able to fully participate in the accelerated economic recovery experienced in 2021. Our division leaders use strategic discipline to identify and then focus on the best opportunities for profitable growth in their respective businesses. As a result, we surpassed our prior record annual performance in sales by $108 million and an operating profit by $111 million. This new record was achieved through broad-based growth across most end markets and geographies. Fourth quarter was a solid finish to this record year. Sales were in line with our expectations, particularly in light of the timing of the approximate $25 million customer order that had been pulled forward into fiscal third quarter. Looking at the back half of fiscal 2021, we delivered 15% organic sales growth and 36% adjusted profit growth compared to the prior year second half. I will speak more about the businesses in few moments. But first, I will turn the call over to Joe to provide more detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you, Naga and good morning to everyone. On Slide #5, you will see fourth quarter 2021 sales were $599 million, an increase of 7% compared to the prior year fourth quarter sales of $559 million. The increase was primarily related to 10% organic volume growth and favorable currency offset by headwinds from the screws and barrels product line divestiture. When excluding the divested product line in the prior year, for comparability purposes, sales growth would have been 11% in the current year fourth quarter. This double-digit organic sales increase was driven by solid growth in all product lines, with particularly strong demand in electronics, industrial and medical end markets. Test and inspection and consumer non-durable product lines delivered single-digit growth in the quarter, highlighting the continued stable demand in these markets. Geographically, all regions, except Japan, grew steadily. Gross profit totaled $331 million or 55% of sales in the quarter compared to $297 million or 53% of sales in the prior year fourth quarter. This 200 basis point increase in gross margin was driven by improved sales mix from the divested screws and barrels product line, sales volume leverage and process enhancements from our NBS Next growth framework. On a sequential basis, we experienced some pressure on gross margin from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, primarily due to elevated freight costs stemming from this dynamic macroeconomic demand environment. Additionally, we incurred approximately $2 million in non-recurring cost as we aligned our medical fluid components business with its best growth opportunities. We believe these negative impacts on gross margins are largely temporary in nature and we are taking appropriate pricing actions in fiscal 2022 to offset inflationary pressures. Our differentiated product offering and market positions, organizational agility and disciplined approach to cost control, combined with consistent deployment of the Ascend strategy is allowing us to successfully navigate these challenges and continue to deliver profitable growth. Operating profit was $151 million in the quarter or 25% of sales, a 16% increase from the prior year. Double-digit organic growth, favorable sales mix and continued benefits from structural cost reduction actions taken in fiscal 2020, all contributed to incremental operating profit margins of 52% in the quarter. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $177 million or 30% of sales. Looking at non-operating expenses, net interest expense decreased $2 million or 31% from the prior year driven by reduced debt levels. Other net expenses increased $2 million primarily driven by currency translation losses. Tax expense in the quarter was $30 million for an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter, in line with the full year and forecasted rate. Net income in the quarter totaled $110 million or $1.88 per share representing a 19% increase from the prior year adjusted earnings. This improvement is reflective of the 7% year-over-year increase in sales, and more importantly, consistent application of the NBS Next growth framework, which leads to steady, profitable growth with attractive incremental margins. Turning to Slide #6, I will now share a few comments on our full year results. Sales for the fiscal year 2021 were a record $2.4 billion, an increase of 11% compared to the prior year. This change in sales included an increase in organic volume of 11% and favorable currency impact of 3%, offset by the net unfavorable acquisition and divestiture impact of 3%. Also company records operating profit was $615 million and diluted earnings per share were $7.74, up 36% and 41% increase respectively from the prior year. EBITDA for the full year increased 27% to $719 million or 30% of sales. Now, lets turn to Slide 7 and 8 to review the fourth quarter 2021 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $314 million increased 2% compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Organic volume growth in the quarter was 8%, offset by an unfavorable divestiture impact of 7% and favorable currency of 1%. Robust demand for industrial coating products plus steady growth in the consumer non-durable end markets for hot melt adhesive dispensing products drove this quarters results. From a regional perspective, growth was strongest in the U.S., the Americas and Europe. Operating profit for the quarter was $103 million or 33% of sales, which is an increase of 12% compared to the prior year adjusted operating profit of $92 million. This growth was driven by favorable sales mix and manufacturing efficiencies gained in part from the divestiture of the screws and barrels product line. I also want to remind investors that it was this segment, IPS that had strong third quarter organic growth of 22%, which included approximately $25 million of sales that were pulled forward from fourth quarter into third quarter per the customers request. Therefore, this segments second half 2021 organic sales growth of 15% and adjusted operating profit growth of 34% are more reflective of what this business is delivering. Advanced Technology Solutions sales of $285 million increased 14% compared to the prior years fourth quarter. This change included an increase in organic sales volume of 13% and a 1% increase related to favorable currency impact. Growth was particularly strong in product lines serving electronics and medical end markets. Fluid dispense product lines serving industrial and automotive end markets also generated double-digit growth in the quarter. All geographies contributed to this quarters growth, with particular strength in the international regions. Fourth quarter operating profit was $67 million or 24% of sales. The 29% year-over-year increase was driven by sales volume leverage and realization of benefits from cost control measures taken in fiscal 2020. Deployment of our NBS Next growth framework continues to be a key element in the success of this segment, delivering profitable growth. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Page 9, through our disciplined approach to capital deployment, we ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and abundant borrowing capacity. Cash totaled $300 million partially in anticipation of the $180 million NDC technology acquisition, which we completed on November 1. Net debt was $516 million, resulting in a 0.7x leverage ratio based on the trailing 12-month EBITDA. Free cash flow in the quarter was $160 million, which brings the full year 2021 free cash flow total to $508 million or a conversion rate on net income of 112%. As a reminder, the 2021 full year free cash flow is inclusive of a net pension contribution, totaling greater than $90 million. For modeling purposes, in fiscal 2022, assume an effective tax rate of 21%, capital expenditures of approximately $40 million and pension contributions of approximately $10 million, well below the fiscal 2021 levels. In summary, our focus on disproportionately investing in the most profitable growth opportunities has led to another year of solid execution and record performance. While we continue to navigate the near-term challenges presented by this dynamic macroeconomic environment, we remain diligent in implementing the NBS Next growth framework and broader Ascend strategy. We are pleased with our focus and progress on these strategic initiatives and remain committed to delivering top-tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns. I will now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Joe. Lets turn to Slide 10. Again, I want to thank our team for managing safely through another year of COVID-19 as well as managing issues related to supply chain, labor and other macro concerns. With their dedication, passion and focus on making Nordson stronger, not only did we achieve record results for the full year, we also made great progress on our Ascend strategy. We first introduced Ascend at our Investor Day in March 2021, designed to deliver top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns the Ascend strategy encompasses three interconnected pillars: NBS Next, Nordsons growth framework; Owner Mindset, our entrepreneurial division-led organization, which empowers our divisions to make decisions as close to the customer as possible; and Winning Teams, Nordsons talent strategy. All three pillars are built on the foundation of what makes Nordson special, our culture and values. As we shared at our Investor Day, the successful execution of the Ascend strategy will deliver our financial targets of $3 billion in sales and 30% EBITDA by 2025. Through the cycle, we expect to achieve sales growth of 7% plus through an equal mix of organic and acquisitive growth. 2021 was a record year with double-digit organic growth and EBITDA margins ahead of our targets. We are just beginning to make progress on our acquisitive growth targets. On November 1, we completed the acquisition of NDC Technologies. This test and measurement business has a differentiated product portfolio that is leveraged through a customer-centric business model. It is a great fit with our strategic and financial criteria for M&A. The integration is off to a solid start. In November, the NDC leadership team received their initial training on NBS Next. They are leaning in and asking good questions about how to incorporate our growth framework into their business. It is proving to be a good cultural fit and I am very pleased with the level of engagement I am seeing at all levels of the NDC organization. M&A is a very important part of our growth strategy. We are looking forward to executing upon our pipeline as the right opportunities present themselves. We have a strong balance sheet, and are well positioned to do so. Over the past year, investors have asked if we will adjust our long-term financial targets following the strength of this year. We strongly believe that these continue to be the right targets, and we are pleased to have executed a very strong first year against them. Our divisions are focused every day on delivering profitable growth, and these long-term targets will not govern our potential to act on the best market opportunities. Before I address fiscal 2022 outlook, I would like to take this opportunity to highlight our new ESG report. As discussed in more detail in the report, our Ascend strategy and ESG priorities are closely integrated and depend on each other to refine and improve our overall performance. The underlying elements of ESG have been central to Nordsons culture and success throughout its 60-year plus history. Nordson is a light assembly manufacturer, and we are committed to identifying ways to minimize our own environmental footprint while helping our customers do the same. Throughout our long history of designing and developing precision dispensing technology, we have sought to reduce our customers material cost and consumption by increasing yields and reducing scrap during their manufacturing processes. This has been a vital part of our success. Were also bringing solutions to the market that address environmentally conscious market opportunities such as advanced battery manufacturing to support renewable energy and manufacturing processes that utilize plant-based manufacturing materials. This report is a new foundation for our ESG strategy, influenced by leading ESG frameworks. It details our efforts to better understand our environmental footprint while also highlighting our progress on social and governance initiatives. We look forward to building upon this foundation in future reports. Now for the outlook on Slide 11, as we look to the full year, we are conscious of the dynamic environment with strong levels of demand, creating labor, material, logistic availability challenges, similar to what many of our peers are experiencing. Our entrepreneurial division-led organizational structure has enabled us to address these ever-changing dynamics head on. Our teams are agile in identifying solutions are on labor, material availability and transportation challenges to meet our customers expectations. The strategic disciplined element of the NBS Next growth framework is undoubtedly helping the teams prioritize and deliver on the best growth opportunities within each division. We expect 2022 to be another record-breaking year with sales growth in the range of 6% to 10% and adjusted earnings growth in the range of 8% to 18% both as compared to fiscal 2021. We feel very confident going into the fiscal first quarter. As we first mentioned in the fiscal third quarter, we are still seeing extended shipment request dates in conjunction with large orders from our customers. This increased backlog, approximately 90% compared to the same period a year ago, and the trailing 12-week order entry was 25% above prior year levels. As a result of these evolving order patterns, traditional seasonality where the first quarter is much softer than the prior year fourth quarter is not applicable. First quarter 2022 should be comparable to the financial performance in the fourth quarter of 2021, and the year-over-year growth rate comparable to the second half 2021 growth rates. Based on anticipated sales timing, we expect the first quarter of 2022 sales growth to be approximately 14% to 16% as compared to the fiscal 2021 first quarter, with adjusted earnings per diluted share in the range of $1.80 to $1.95. As always, I want to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question is from Mike Halloran with Baird. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: Thanks. Naga, can we pick up left off there. So you look at the guidance and obviously, first quarter growth rate is a little stronger than what youre assuming for the rest of the year. You certainly gave some context on why the seasonality would be different. But maybe talk about two things here. One, just how youre thinking about what is assumed-in guidance for how you think the rest of the year plays out by segment? And then my second question, and related, would just be how put this backlog in context? I mean its significantly bigger than what we would have seen historically. How much of this should have shipped last year? How much of this is just pulled forward through the rest of the year and just try to give some context. So those are my two questions related. So I asked them at the same time?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mike. And what we want to talk a little bit about as we go into the year, we feel really good about first quarter just given the kind of environment that our customers are in and the order patterns we are seeing. So our first quarter is going to be more reflective of the back half of 21. And in terms of  if you think about the various end markets, let me start with the electronics. Electronics customer order entry patterns and demand levels are pretty strong. Medical, particularly biopharma and our interventional businesses, the order entry patterns are really strong. If you think about our industrial and consumer non-durable businesses, early part of the year, we feel really good about it based on the backlog we have. But as we look into the back half of the year, we do see those two end markets returning or normalizing to historic levels that we shared at our Investor Day. So thats  hopefully, that answers the first part of your question, which is  feel really good about the full year guidance, which is going to be at the midpoint, 8% growth on a record year, and that is really underpinning the strong demand patterns in medical electronics and back half, expecting some tapering off in industrial and consumer non-durable. In terms of the backlog, these are historical highs, as you indicated, we do believe these backlog is really forward-dated or extended lead times that we normally dont have in our businesses. So our customers are asking us or giving us orders or shipments, almost into the second quarter of next year, right, which is normally not the case. Normally, our demand patterns are such that people will ask us if the quarter out, right? And now people are putting their orders to be in line. And there is some amount of back and forth where customers are asking for some things to be shipped out ahead. So thats why some things get pushed  pulled forward or pushed back but most often, its getting pulled forward than anything else. So hopefully, that answers the question, Mike.
Mike Halloran: Yes. No, it does. I mean if I could put that last part in context, basically, it seems what youre saying is, you feel really good about where the order patterns are in the backlog patterns are, but dont overplay the magnitude of the backlog here because of the extended lead times. But you feel good about the visibility that you have going into the second quarter, which is more than you would normally have. Is that a fair interpretation?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. That is very fair, and thats exactly what were seeing. And I wont add anything more unless Joe you have something else to add to what...
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I guess I just  when you think about the backlog, Mike, it is largely on the system side with these longer lead times, and there is a direct correlation when you look at our customer advanced payments. So our customer advanced payments year-over-year are also up 84%. So its in line with the increase in the order backlog. So we think about the backlog as largely system orders, not necessarily past due items. And weve got prepayments on those at that 10% of last years backlog and 10% of this years backlog.
Mike Halloran: Good. Thank you. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Connor Lynagh: Yes. Thanks. I was wondering if you could give a little bit of context on the logistics costs that you called out. And just specifically, is there  is one of the segments more disproportionately impacted by this? And is this something that was sort of isolated to the quarter? Or are you sort of accounting for this persisting in next quarters guidance?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So let me address that. I guess, holistically, when we think about the 55.3% gross margin, first of all, thats gross margins coming off of a 10% organic growth and delivering 52% incremental margins at the OP line. But when you look at the 55.3% compared to where we were run in Q2 and Q3, it is down about 170 basis points. And when you think about that sequential drop, I would tell you, were  its roughly threefold. There is three relatively evenly split things, one of them being the spike in freight costs. In freight cost, its inbound, its outbound, but its also internal within the Nordson facility. And so we saw this as did the rest of the environment spike in Q4. I can tell you, it spiked above where we had estimated, and its starting to subside in the marketplace, already from those elevated levels that we saw in Q4, but we are addressing this with pricing actions in the first half here, of 2022. The other impact I would tell you was the nonrecurring write-off associated with aligning the factory, and that was all in ATS, to answer your specific question around the segments. That factory alignment was in our medical business and so that approximately $2 million impact on gross margins impacted ATS. The freight is felt across both segments. But I would tell you, its heavier on the IPS side proportionately. And the remaining  the third factor I would tell you is mix. And so if you look at our gross margins over the history here, we view prior to the screw and barrel divestiture. We were running about 53% to 55% gross margin on any given quarter depending on mix. For the last now three quarters, weve been running 55% to 57% based on the new mix post the divestiture of the screw and barrel business. So we  when we give our guidance for 2022, I would tell you, you should think about operating between that 55% and 57% gross margin range depending on mix on any given quarter. But those were the main factors I would tell you in the Q4 gross margin.
Connor Lynagh: Got it. Thats helpful context. I appreciate it. So sort of related question here, but at a higher level as youre looking into fiscal 22, it certainly seems like you guys are feeling pretty good about margins holding up relative to where we were in 2021. So just curious if there is any sort of inflationary pressures youre worried about and  on the cost side of things. Is there anything youre watching as sort of a swing factor on whether those margins will trend to the higher or lower end of your range?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Connor, let me just give you a high level color, and certainly, Joe will add some more to what I say. In general, we feel good about where weve got margins forecasted, based on our current customer demand and segments, the various end market exposures we have. From an inflation perspective, there are two things you want to keep in mind, right? First and foremost, material cost is a fairly small part of our cost back, right, given our gross margins given about the value we create. Thats sort of one thing to remember. The second thing to remember is that our cost to our customers is a smaller part of their total cost back. And so what that means is that we have a differentiated position and are able to pass along price increases where that is necessary. And weve already done that in some businesses. Overall, we dont see this being a major factor for us into coming years. Joe, do you want to add any color to that?
Joseph Kelley: That covers it. I mean we are closely monitoring it. And from an inflation perspective, both on the raw material side as well as the labor side, and then it was the logistics side. I would tell you that spiked in Q4 that impacted the margin slightly. I will also add, we see NBS Next efficiencies, helping offset some of this pressure. Efficiencies in terms of labor and conversion costs at several of our pilot sites. And so that has also helped our performance, and we anticipate that to continue to contribute favorably as we go into 22.
Connor Lynagh: Got it. Appreciate it. I will turn it back here.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Your line is open.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys. One thing if you look into your sales guidance for next year, if you back out NDC, the implied organic sales is more like mid-single digits. So I was wondering  I know you gave a lot of color already, but I would think that in some areas like medical and even electronics, you see a reacceleration, I think mid to late year. And I just wonder how conservative youre being on that with that as a dynamic in the forecast.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. Andrew, let me make one then maybe Ill let Naga say something else. But when you think about our sales guidance for the full year, at the midpoint 8%, there is roughly about a 2% FX headwind that were contemplating. And to your point, the acquisitions, net of  dont forget we have one quarter of the screw a barrel business. So the way that were thinking about it is a negative 2% FX headwind. The net acquisition and divestiture is roughly favorable 3%, and then its 7% organic growth is what we have.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Is there a way  sorry, go ahead.
Sundaram Nagarajan: No, no, go ahead, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Well, I was just going to say, with medical, I would think that, thats being held up by recent variant activity again. So I would just think that, that would only be a nice tailwind as the year progresses.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. I  just historically, think about the medical business as high single digits or electronics, mid-single digits. We are in the early cycle of maybe third wave there on electronics. So you are right. In electronics, were going to see some pretty nice growth. Thats what is reflected in our guidance. In medical, we are expecting to have some pretty good return to the high single digits. Biopharma doing well. So if you think about all of that, these are going to be the big growth contributors. But look at the record year on our industrial business and consumer non-durable business in 2021. Our expectation is we do  we carry that strength into the first quarter. The back half of the year, there is going to be some tapering on those businesses, which had double-digit organic growth in consumer non-durable and in industrial businesses. So our expectation is some normalization in the back half for those businesses. But youre right. There is strength in medical. There is strength in electronics. Thats what we have reflected. And what we are excited about is as you go into the first quarter, we are carrying the momentum of our second half of 2021 into 2022.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. Thats helpful. Is there a way in that backlog that you can identify what percent of sales is specific to electronics and medical?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I would tell you, pretty heavy on the system side. And on the electronics, there are a lot of systems businesses that we sell. But I cant tell you the split between electronics and medical.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Well, we do have industrial systems that still need to get shipped out in the first quarter, too. Thats in the backlog, actually.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, alright. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple of questions. You commented sort of the fact that we should not expect normal seasonality as it pertains to the first fiscal quarter of the year. But maybe Naga and Joe, if you can comment on how we should be thinking about the quarterly earnings cadence beyond that. In that, should we expect kind of the typical kind of fiscal Q3 being the high watermark for the year? Whats the right way to be thinking about that, particularly as you see some tapering as you are describing, or at least expect to see some tapering as you are describing in nondurables and general industrial?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I think our comments around the normal seasonality, as you know, Q4 used to be the strongest. And here, we had Q4, which contributed $25 million of the revenue back into Q3. So, Q4 wasnt the strongest this year. And therefore  with coming off of Q4 being the strongest, we used to see a big drop into Q1. So, now you are not seeing the big drop. And actually Q1 will be comparable to Q4. And the way we think about then the remaining three quarters, I would tell you, with the current order entry pattern and the customer behavior that we are seeing, I would think about those quarters relatively evenly split as you think about the remaining three quarters of 2022. So, Q1 will still be relatively light compared to the other quarters, but not as dramatically light as it was in the past coming off of a strong Q4.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, one comment I would add to that is the ordering pattern of our customers are so different and expectation of shipments are so different. So, thats why you see us sort of changing what was traditionally a normal ordering pattern and a seasonality to our revenues on a quarterly basis. Thats the big difference. The question really is when does  when do you return back to your normal seasonality, its a perfectly good question to ask us. I wish I knew the answer to that. I would say, as our customer ordering patterns stabilize or some of these supply constrained questions that customers have in mind when they ease up is when we get to that. We are right now, at best, in the middle of this transition. So, I think at least for this year, we dont see our typical seasonality for that.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then as a follow-up, relative to what you would normally do from a pricing standpoint, is what you are contemplating for fiscal 22 more than you would normally seek to get. And if so if you could maybe perhaps quantify that a little bit for us? And then also just maybe a little bit of commentary on M&A actionability going forward as it pertains both to T&I and medical, recognizing you just completed a built on Fluortek? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Sure. On pricing, you are right. Our expectations for pricing is going to be higher than our normal price increases that we have got. And the timing of them is also reflective of what we see in our businesses, right. So, in 21, we didnt talk a lot about the price increases that we have already sort of acted on in 21 because they were not material in our work to move the needle for the total company. But in general, our view around pricing is that we are in an inflationary period. We need to adjust pricing where we need to adjust pricing. We are cognizant of the fact that we are the price leader in the marketplace. We are adding value. We will get paid for it. So, thats on pricing up. Now let me have Joe add a little bit more color on the sort of magnitude and such, and then I will come back and answer your acquisition question.
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I guess, again, if you think historically, I would tell you, we would realize approximately probably 1% on price relatively correlated to inflation. And so when you see the elevated inflation numbers that are being reported, thats how you should think about our response as it relates to pricing. But again, I will go back to Nagas original comment. When you think about the composition of our cost of goods sold, material costs, the purchase component is not the largest factor. The largest factor is on the labor side. And that as we are generally a light assembly manufacturing operation. But you are correct, the price  the historical way that we view price increases and the historical magnitude is no longer applicable in an environment that we are in right now.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think, Matt, its really important, right. The inflation is 4% or whatever, 4% or 5%. Our material cost tax is lower. So, the price increase we will realize would not be the same 4%, it would be different. Just want to make sure you got it. Yes. On the acquisition question, we feel really good about our pipeline. We continue to have very good conversations. But what comes to market and when a seller is going to act on an opportunity, really, we dont control, but we are actively pursuing our pipeline as we always do, and  but we would remain financially as well as strategically disciplined. And the areas we really like our test and inspection, medical. And there may be some adjacent call adjacent markets to our core products that if we have an opportunity, we might act on them as well. So acquisition pipeline, healthy, good activity, but what we act on obviously depends on what comes to the market. But you can expect this to remain disciplined.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning everyone.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Apologize for any background noise here I am jumping on a flight. But just kind of back on the industrial comment around tapering into the back half. Is there anything thats really informing that as you talk to your customers, or is that just your normal lack of visibility that would kind of want you to put some caution around that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Well, it is a couple of things, right. One, if you look at industrial CapEx activity as well as GDP activity over the cycle, you can start to expect that 23 is going to be a little bit lower than where we have been at, right. So, there is going to be a natural stabilization that goes. And so we expect that to get reflected in our business. That is one. The second is, the comps are going to be really difficult to you. So, think about the IPS business, that grew 15% in the back half. And this is a business historically grew 2% to 3%. And so as you think about year-on-year comps, the back half is going to get tough, right. And you are right. We dont have visibility to our industrial customers as we  as much as we have in other places. So, thats kind of where we are at. Hopefully, that  so its three things that is going on that sort of informs our process.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just back on the non-recurring charges in medical. Can you just expand on where you  what you are doing there, and kind of where you are shifting your focus? Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. It is just a single R&D project that we were working on with one customer. On a product category, that was  lets just say a little bit away from where we were and where we see the best opportunities today. Our best opportunities are in biopharma. Without going into specific details of the particular customer and such, this is an R&D project we were working on with an inventor on the outside. And given the kind of robust demand that we have, and a very strategic discipline around where we want to grow this business. This is one that we needed to sort of stop doing and there was a write-off related to that asset.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Chris Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Thanks for the update on Ascend strategy. I am curious where you are seeing  as you have been enacting this for a little while now, where you are seeing share gain, market space creation or enablement, not necessarily in a broad stroke level, but maybe some finer points on that.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. That would be great. Thanks, Chris. One of the areas and its a good example to share with you that actually sort of dovetails to the question that Jeff just asked us. If you think about our biopharma business, one of the things that  as we deploy Ascend, as our teams use strategic discipline with NBS Next, and really begin to say, what is my market position in biopharma and how big is it, what are my core competencies, how can I continue to grow this, really, this just opened up a whole new opportunity for this team. Certainly, the market environment helped them, but it allows them to really focus on this biopharma part of the business, and grow it. And so what we are doing is as we invest more in biopharma, we continue to get new opportunities with existing customers as well as picking up new customers. And with existing customers, where we were, lets say, the number two or number three, we are moving up to number two or number one, right. So, that will be a concrete example of how this is happening. And another example I would give you would be in our coatings businesses. In the past, we would take almost every project at an equal weight. But now our teams are able to say, if I have 15 projects or 10 projects in front of me, what is the best growth-oriented project and what is the most profitable project, and have the courage to be able to invest more in the most profitable and most growth-oriented projects, and maybe deemphasize the ones that are not so profitable.
Chris Glynn: Great. Thanks for that. And it looks like the book-to-bill was maybe a little over 1.1x. Curious of a couple of dynamics, I understand the extended and lead time and behavioral aspect. But curious of the organic book-to-bill by segment, approximate the impact of the acquisition. And then does guidance assume a reciprocal of book-to-bill at some point of the year where you just naturally flow into a negative book-to-bill given how backlog is formed currently, but maybe you might advise us not to read so much into it if a negative book-to-bill reciprocates.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Joe?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. I guess I would repeat some of Nagas comments, if you think about the strength in the electronics and the medical end market, those are predominantly that we see going out into 2022. We  those are predominantly in the ATS segment. Whereas the industrial and consumer nondurable where we see the growth rate stabilizing in the back half of 2022, thats predominantly in IPS. So, when you think about the book-to-bill ratio and the movements there as you are quoting, Chris. Thats how its going to correlate by segment.
Chris Glynn: Okay. Thanks. I will pick it up offline.
Operator:  Our next question is from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks for getting me in. So, the earnings guidance of 8% to 18%, its a pretty wide range. Could you just talk through the assumptions at the bottom and top end of the range, what do you need to see to hit the higher or lower end of your guidance?
Joseph Kelley: Look, when we look out the range, to your point, Saree, is, plus or minus, I would say, 5%, 4% in terms of earnings guidance. And I think it was mentioned earlier on the call, the COVID is still out there. COVID and the variants, and what that does to the supply chain, what that does to the medical business, I think is a little bit uncertain. And so that contributed, I think to our guidance range the uncertainty around that. And the second is the inflation combined with some of the supply chain challenges that we saw spike in Q4, some of those supply chain challenges have started to mitigate here over the last, I would say, 30 days to 45 days to a degree. But how that handles  is handled going forward, I think will also impact our range. But really, we were pretty specific, I think, in terms of our guidance for Q1, where we do have good visibility where we are saying top line is 15% at the midpoint growth, consistent with what we have delivered over the last two quarters combined. And at the midpoint, the earnings growth in Q1 is at 40%, 50% incremental margins in Q1, consistent with what we just delivered here in Q4. So, we are trying to give, I would say, some clear guidance one quarter out, which is where we have better visibility, and then leaving a little bit broader range for the back half.
Saree Boroditsky: Understood. And just a follow-up on the pricing question, within your top line guidance, you talked about organic growth of around 7%, the midpoint, how much of this is related to price versus volume? And then just on pricing, given the large backlog, how should we think about pricing rolling through the P&L in 2022?
Joseph Kelley: Yes. So, let me take those, I guess in reverse order. You are correct. In some of our businesses, we had to go out with pricing actions earlier than at what I will call our fiscal year-end traditional practice given some of the inflation pressures that we were seeing, other businesses stuck with their year-end price increase. And so there will be a little bit of the timing issue, although not material and still hopefully we will be within our 55% to 57% gross margin range. But it will take some time for some of our pricing to take effect here as we rolled into 2022. When you think about the organic growth on the full year of 7%, we dont break that down specifically. But roughly, when I look at the business and the timing and the price increases, you can probably think that thats roughly 2% to 3% pricing.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thats helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Walter Liptak with Seaport Research. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Good morning guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning Walter.
Joseph Kelley: Hi Walter.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask about  kind of a follow-on to the last one with regard to the range, the gross margin of 55% to 57%. To hit the high end of your EPS range, would that imply that you are at the higher end of your gross margin range as well?
Joseph Kelley: I think the higher end of the EPS range, I think I would tell you is more reliant on being at the high end of the revenue range. The margins throughout the year will fluctuate between that 55% and 57%. As you know, we delivered the last two quarters Q2 and Q3 were averaged 57%, roughly speaking. So, it will depend on product mix. But I think its more contingent on the sales than where the margins drop out.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And the sales  it sounds like  if there is any kind of caution or whatever, and the big range for 2022, its around COVID and supply chain. So, you are talking about not demand risk, but you are talking about your shipment timing. Can you get the shipments out in 2022? Is that fair?
Joseph Kelley: Well, I would also tell you that the COVID impacts demand, particularly in our medical space.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. And I wanted just to review the  I think you made a comment that the last 12-week orders were up 25%. And I wondered if you could help us just get some visibility into that. Was that  what was the comp like? It sounds like it was strong in electronics and medical. Maybe what around both of those ATS segments? Is it semiconductor thats strong? Is it COVID-related medical, thats strong?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Walter, I mean, we generally dont break order entry by categories. But my opening comments around where we are seeing strength in order entry is still the same, which is our electronic business order entry is pretty robust, pretty strong. If you think about our medical businesses, they continue to be pretty strong. And going into the first quarter, I would say the order entry for our industrial and consumer nondurable are also pretty solid.
Joseph Kelley: And so from a time  Walter, I guess, going back, I think it was Chris question of book-to-bill and what have you. It was really in Q2 that we started to see the ramp-up of last year. So, from a year-over-year comp standpoint, from an order entry rate standpoint, thats when the year-over-year comps on growth rates start to become more challenging relating to order entry.
Walter Liptak: Okay. That makes sense. Okay, great. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. And I will turn the call back over to Naga for any closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. Thank you for your time and attention on todays call. We are well positioned going into fiscal 2022. We remain focused on our long-term objective of delivering top-tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns as we deploy our NBS Next growth framework to prioritize organic and acquisitive growth opportunities while also unleashing an owner mindset within our customer-focused divisions. We wish you a happy holiday season.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-08-31 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Nordson Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. . Please be advised that todays conference is being recorded. . I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam. 
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communication. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 31, 2021 to report Nordson's fiscal 2021 third quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our website at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor website, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday, September 7th. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda, on Slide 3, Naga will discuss the third quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the two business segments. Joe will also discuss the cash flow and balance sheet. Naga will conclude with high-level commentary about our enterprise performance as well as our updated fiscal 2021 full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to Slide 4, and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2021 third quarter conference call. First and foremost, I want to congratulate the Nordson team on another record quarter. During this quarter we continued to benefit from the execution of our NBS Next growth framework in combination with robust end market demand. Investments in industrial context and the strengthening medical and electronics end markets grow record results in the quarter. I'm also pleased with the resilience of our colleagues. In this dynamic macro environment that continues to be plagued by supply chain, labor, and COVID concerns, our division leaders are deploying NBS Next to focus resources on the greatest growth opportunities in their respective businesses. I'll speak more about the business including the recent announcement of the NDC Technologies acquisitions in a few moments but first I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter. Joe?
Joseph P. Kelley: Thank you Naga and good morning to everyone. On Slide number 5 you'll see third quarter 2021 sales were $647 million, an increase of 20% over prior years third quarter sales of $538 million. This is a new quarterly record for the company, $57 million above the prior quarterly record. The increase was primarily related to 20% organic volume growth and favorable currency offset by net negative impact from acquisitions and divestitures. The benefits from the Fluortek and vivaMOS acquisitions were more than offset by the headwind from the divestiture of the Screw and Barrel product line. When excluding the divested product line in the prior year for comparability purposes, sales growth would have been 24% in the current year third quarter. The organic sales increase was driven by continued demand across all divisions and end markets including a seasonal increase in quarterly shipments into the electronics end markets. From a geographic perspective, growth was once again strong in all regions except Japan which continues to manage pandemic related impacts.  Gross profit totaled $365 million or 56% of sales in the quarter compared to $281 million or 52% of sales in the prior year. This 430 basis point increase in gross margin was driven by volume leverage, benefits from structural cost reduction measures taken in fiscal 2020, and improved sales mix particularly resulting from the divested Screw and Barrel product line at the beginning of fiscal second quarter. Also record in the quarter were operating profit of $188 million or 29% of sales, a 57% increase from the prior year adjusted operating profit of $120 million and EBITDA of $215 million or 33% of sales. This result was 45% higher than the prior year EBITDA of $148 million. Our broad-based organic growth plus the favorable sales mix benefits including the divestiture has led to attractive incremental EBITDA margins of greater than 60% in the quarter. The application of the NBS Next growth framework at our divisions is helping us to focus and realize profitable growth in areas of greatest opportunity. Looking now at non-operating expense. Net interest expense decreased $1 million or 18% from the prior year associated with reduced debt levels. Other net expense decreased $7 million driven primarily by smaller currency translation losses and a non-cash pension settlement charge of $3 million in the third quarter of 2020 associated with retirement of the prior CEO that did not repeat. Tax expense totaled $38 million or an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter. Net income in the quarter increased to 71% year-over-year to $142 million or $2.42 per share, yet another quarterly company record. This significant growth is reflective of volume leverage driven by the 20% increase in sales as well as benefits from cost control measures and improved sales mix and manufacturing efficiencies.  Now lets turn to Slide 6 and 7 to review the third quarter 2021 segment performance. Industrial precision solution sales of $345 million increased 20% compared to the prior year third quarter. The organic volume increase of 22% was driven by the same growth in hot melt adhesive dispensing and industrial coating product lines. System sales in the quarter were particularly strong up 37% across the broad set of end markets and geographies. The divested Screws and Barrels product line more than offset the currency gains on a year-over-year sales growth.  Operating profit in the segment was $124 million or 36% of sales compared to $78 million of adjusted operating profit in the prior year period. This 60% profit growth was driven by sales volume leverage associated with the organic growth, favorable sales mix, and improved manufacturing efficiencies. The NBS Next growth framework is driving strong sales growth at very attractive incremental operating profit margins. Excluding the impact of the divestiture, incremental operating profit margins were 55% in the quarter.  Moving now to Advanced Technology Solutions. Sales of $301 million increased approximately 21% compared to the prior year third quarter. This change included on organic increase of 18% as well as increases of 2% related to currency and 1% related to acquisitions. The increase in organic sales volumes was driven by strong double-digit growth in all product lines, particularly those serving electronics end markets and fluid management product lines serving medical and industrial end markets. Third quarter 2021 operating profit for this segment was $81 million or 27% of sales. This increase of 51% over prior year adjusted operating profit margin of $53 million was driven by sales volume leverage, favorable sales mix, and the realization of benefits from cost control measures taken in fiscal 2020. Similar to the ITS segment the implementation of NBS Next throughout the divisions of ATS is driving strong sales growth at attractive incremental operating margins of greater than 50%.  Finally turning to cash flow and balance sheet on Slide 8. Free cash flow in the quarter was strong at $118 million which was 45% above the prior year free cash flow. Cash conversion on net income was 83% in the quarter which was below normal levels due primarily to investments in working capital to support growth and a $30 million pension contribution. The year-to-date free cash flow conversion rate remains north of 100%. Dividend payments were $23 million in the quarter and the company's Board approved a 31% increase in the annual dividend effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. This marks the 58th consecutive year the company has increased its dividend. The significant increase of 31% reflects the strength of our financial results which is driven by our continued progress in executing the offense strategy combined with the desire to maintain targeted pay out in yield ratios. The annual dividend yield remains just under 1% at current market prices.  Our third quarter balance sheet includes cash of $174 million and net debt was 647 million ending the quarter with a 0.9 times leverage ratio based on trailing 12-months EBITDA. We continue to have significant available borrowing capacity to pursue organic and inorganic growth opportunities, similar to the NDC acquisition announced last week. I'll now turn the call back to Naga. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you Joe. Let's turn to Slide 9. Again, thank you to the Nordson team for delivering this outstanding performance. We are making progress on our Ascend Strategy to achieve top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns. During the quarter Joe and I continued to visit our divisions to review their progress with NBS Next deployment. It is exciting to see how NBS Next is being applied to make data driven decisions to meet the increased demand of our customers. For example, in our Nordson Medical Interventional Solutions facility in Salem, New Hampshire, the team has used NBS Next to understand complexity and standardize their product offering. This has allowed them to disproportionately focus resources for their best customers and products. We are purposeful in where we focus our energy, to ensure we take advantage of the greatest opportunities for profitable growth even during the recovery.  NBS Next is at the core of our Ascend strategy, which is designed to deliver the $3 billion in revenue and 30% EBITDA. This target will be achieved through a combination of organic growth within each segment as well as the acceleration of acquisitions. Clearly the record setting second quarter followed by the record setting third quarter demonstrates that we are off to a strong organic start towards achieving our long-term goals. We are also making progress on our acquisition objectives. On August 23rd we signed a definitive agreement to acquire NDC Technologies, a leading global provider of precision measurement solutions for in line process control. This acquisition expands our test and inspection platform into new markets and adjacent technologies.  With Nordson like gross margins it is clear that NDC has a differentiated product portfolio that is leveraged through a customer centric business model. This portfolio includes inline measurement sensors, gauges, and analyzers using near infrared, laser, XRAY, optical, and nucleonic technologies as well as proprietary algorithms and software. For example, it's near infrared technologies can simultaneously measure moisture, oil, and surface brownness of a potato chip or it can estimate the porosity level in the film used to separate the anode and cathode in an electric vehicle battery. It's laser and ultrasonic capabilities are used to measure wall thickness, ovality, and diameter of industrial cables or medical cubic.  As customers focus on automation and process control, NDC supports their success through these critical quality control technologies. We also look forward to leveraging NDC's software and algorithm expertise to advance Nordsons capabilities in manufacturing process intelligence development. I'm very pleased with the strategic fit of this business which aligns with the acquisition portion of the Ascend strategy presented at our Investor Day earlier this year. We look forward to welcoming the NDC team to Nordson, -- our NBS Next growth framework, and investing in NDC's greatest opportunities for profitable growth. We expect the deal to close within our fiscal first quarter of 2022.  Now let's turn to our updated fiscal 2021 outlook on Slide 10. As we enter the fiscal fourth quarter, backlog is approximately 700 million and 70% above the prior year. Customer order patterns have clearly changed in terms of both volume and extended shipment request dates in this dynamic environment. Based on the continued strength in our order entry and elevated backlog, we are increasing our full year revenue and earnings guidance. For full year fiscal 2021 we expect sales growth to be approximately 11% to 12% fiscal year 2020. Excluding the 3% headwind from the revenue of the divested Screws and Barrels product line in the prior year, our forecasted full year sales growth would be approximately 14% to 15%. Our forecasted sales growth combined with the benefits from the strategic actions taken around efficiency and cost is forecasted to deliver earnings in the range of $7.75 to $7.95 per diluted share. The midpoint of this guidance reflects 43% earnings growth compared to prior year and a 34% increase over 2019 earnings.  Given the strong system sales in the third quarter 2021 plus the seasonality in electronics, it is important that investors look at the second half of 2021 when reviewing our full year guidance. At the midpoint the guidance suggests second half sales growth of 14% and earnings growth of 47%. Additionally, the guidance implies that we expect to enter 2022 with a robust backlog approximately 70% greater than the backlog entering fiscal 2021. Our current financial results signified more than the benefits of the recovery. Nordson wins because of the foundation of our positioned technology focus, customer centric model, and diversified end markets. We are well positioned to benefit from this increase in demand as our products remain a critical solution to our customers through the cycle ahead. Additionally, our leadership team is advancing the implementation of the Ascend strategy which is establishing a growth framework, entrepreneurial organization, and a deep diverse team to drive sustainable profitable growth.  As always, I want to thank our customers, shareholders, and the Nordson team for your continued support. With that we will pause and take your questions. 
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. 
Matt Summerville: Thanks, a couple of questions. Typically, how much of your backlog would converge in the current quarter, I guess, excuse me, I am trying to get a sense in terms of how elongated maybe some of these orders have become? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yeah so, Matt this is Joe. Let me just take that. Typically, I would tell you entering backlog we have less than 100% of quarterly sales entering any given quarter. And so it'll trend, I dont know, lets just say in the 80% range of the quarterly -- upcoming quarterly sales and we clearly see that changing as the customer requested delivery date is out further and further. So customers are just placing orders further in advance. And so if you look at our quarterly sales going forward and our implied guidance, it would suggest that the midpoint is about 600 million and our backlog entering the year is about -- entering the quarter is about 700 million. So it has elongated. It depends on the systems businesses versus parts and different for each business but some of them are going out into Q2 of 2022. 
Matt Summerville: Great, thats helpful. And then have you guys encountered any actual shipment delays for customers and in your mind are things getting better or worse stabilizing as we think about supply chain challenges, freight issues, etc.? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, this is Naga. Let me take that one. Yes, we are experiencing some but not significant. Freight especially, our international shipments sometimes seems to get pushed out but what we have experienced in the third quarter really is customers pulling orders forward. And what is impressive is you can see team even in a very difficult environment being able to manage its shipments as customers requested. 
Matt Summerville: And again Naga, just put a finer point on my question. Did you get the sense of things in this regard are getting more challenging, has the situation stabilized, are things starting to loosen up and get better yet, thank you? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, Matt I would say, it is a dynamic environment, it is not getting any worse but it's not getting any better either. But I will tell you that the Nordson team is fully participating in this recovery under some challenging environments but doing an excellent job. 
Matt Summerville: Excellent, thank you guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line up Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. 
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning. Naga, I just want to explore the order trends a little bit more for you guys. I guess when you talk to your customers, is it more on the IPS or is it advanced technology, is it really just a reflection of some of those, I think with Matt talking about the supply chain challenges that people are trying to get those orders in a little earlier to guarantee delivery, just any thoughts is this sort of a temporary situation or do you think this -- your customer patterns or order patterns are starting to shift a little bit permanently? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: I would say what you're seeing is broad based strong order patterns across end markets, across regions. And are there some cases where people are trying to get in front of the line or ahead of the line, proactively yes. But quite frankly, if you think about the kind of end markets we play in and look at all the secular drivers for them, I'd tell you we are very pleased with the momentum that we are seeing. For example, in our medical business if you think about our fluid component business with biopharma, just not vaccine, but biopharma in general, we see some pretty strong order rates that is embedded and it is leading the secular growth drivers and biopharma really going well for us. And if you think about interventional solutions in the medical side, what you will find there is our aging population single use components, all of those drivers still intact. Selective surgeries or some might have unfortunately have started calling it as elective surgeries have come back, but that remains little bit fluid, but we feel really good about the recovery we are seeing in our medical businesses.  On our electronic businesses, we are at a beginning of a really nice growth cycle here. You hear about ship shortages and you can -- all of those read their headlines around the big investments that major semiconductor manufacturers are making and Nordson is participating nicely in it. We've got a couple of new products that are entering the market both on testing inspection and our dispense business. So, industrial CAPEX is pretty robust. Might you say that might moderate over time, I would say yes, that might do that. On the packaging side, under consumer nondurables, really very strong move towards eating at home rather than out at a restaurant. Might that continue, we're seeing a lot of activity in packaged goods, packaged beverages. Our teams are starting to call them from keg to can and we have more people using cans. So we see a lot of containment businesses that are going well for us. Hopefully this is enough color Allison. 
Allison Poliniak: No, that's really helpful. And then I just want to touch on operating execution, incredibly strong in the past two quarters here. Relative to your expectations of setting some of these operational plans into place, is this -- if the execution may be better than maybe you would have anticipated kind of walking into this upcycle, any color on how that is relative to what your view was in terms of what the organization could do? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. No, I'm incredibly proud of the execution of the team. This is not ordinary times or environment that we're operating in. But we are using NBS Next in our businesses to meet this incredible demand and it plays out in many different ways in multiple businesses across the company. NBS Next fundamentally is all about making choices to drive growth. And what you begin to see is for example, in some of our businesses understanding what are your greatest growth opportunities and disproportionately investing in them is one way it shows up in this great execution. You see our team standardizing product offering, reducing complexity, streamlining and dedicating products to the most important products in the business, prioritizing our best growth opportunities, our best customers. So lots of different ways, be it quality, be it manufacturing capacity, be it conversion cost, be it selecting the right end markets to choose to play, and also treating very differently unattractive opportunities in the business is really how this is playing out. I am really happy about the progress we are making and I wouldn't say I'm surprised, but I am excited about the fact that the teams are doing one heck of a job, really converting orders to shipments, shipments to profitable growth for all of us. 
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thanks so much. I'll pass it on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley. 
Connor Lynagh: Yes, thanks. I was wondering if you could touch on the NDC acquisition and basically I am just wondering if you could sort of eliminate obviously you guys are very focused on growth, how is the growth profile of this business looked over the past few years, where do you see the opportunities, is it this business enhancing your growth in your existing portfolio, your portfolio of existing growth in this business, how do you think about that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah, in this business historically, they have underperformed in terms of growth versus where they should really be growing because we play in the same end markets as these businesses. So we fundamentally see an application of NBS Next in this to understand what are the best growth opportunities for them and invest this disproportionately in those two dry clothes. This would most likely be I would say mid-single-digits is sort of our growth expectation for this business and we feel really good about it. Their performance in the year is looking really good. Suddenly we dont talk about specific product lines and how they perform but we feel really good about it. But what I would tell you about this business that we really like, it is strategically similar to lot of notes in businesses. It has got a customer centric business model. I would direct sales model, global sales and service support, large installed base, lot of similarities to some of our consumer non-durable businesses. It has a very strong suite of differentiated products and you see that in Nordson like gross margins. So we're looking forward to welcoming this team, using NBS Next, understanding the growth initiatives, and really for us this is a pretty strong place to be. You know, we do clearly see a patch for the margins to expand north of 20% EBITDA. 
Connor Lynagh: Got it, helpful context. I am wondering if you could just characterize the broader M&A landscape out there. You know with this they are diamond in the rough was this one of many good options we saw out there. Just an update on sort of the opportunity set and the valuations will be great? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. M&A we clearly remained focused. As everybody would tell you, M&A landscape has improved, banker activity certainly have expanded and accelerated this year when compared to last year. We remain focused though. We are very focused around continuing to scale up our medical businesses. We see a lot of opportunities there. We will continue to stay focused there. Test and inspection as NDC will illustrate for you is an area we continue to diversify, getting into new markets, getting to new technologies. Our dress  inspection kind of today is very electronic centered. With NDC you can begin to see us move beyond electronics and thats really what you would see. So we see opportunities there. And finally, we have an internal team that continues to explore opportunities on precision technologies that are very adjacent to what we do today. Just as a reminder, we are laser focused on strategic criteria to play in attractive end markets that have real good growth profile to them. Precision technology suite of products and have a customer centric business model.  On the financial side, clearly, we are looking for assets that can add to our organic growth ambitions. We would Nordson like gross margins, that's really critical for us. For us gross margin equals differentiation is the way to think about it. That's how we think about it within the company. And on EBITDA our expectations as we said in our Investor Day, approximately 20%. Would we do deals below that, yes and would we do deals above that, but we're looking for clear margin expansion opportunities and all this results in a fairly decent otherwise greater than our cost of capital over three to five years. 
Connor Lynagh: Got it. Thank very much the color. I will hand it back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. 
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, good morning everyone. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning Jeff. 
Jeffrey Hammond: So just back on margins, I think there was an earlier question on that, but just I think the expectation was 3Q would step down from 2Q and we've gone the other way and I think 4Q guide suggests a step down. I guess what's surprising you the most or maybe where's is the caution in the guide on the margin, is it largely mix or do we start to see some of the inflationary pressures come through, maybe just a little color there? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. Maybe if I could, on the gross margin in Q2 we did 57% and when you think about our gross margin, we used to operate in the range, I would say between 53% and 55%. Given the divestiture of the Screw and Barrel product line, that has systematically I would tell you moved our gross margin and top margin profile up probably 175 basis points. And so now I think the new normal from a gross margin standpoint works in the range of 55% to 57% and you see that was sustainable to Q2 and in Q3. When you think about the sequential Q3 to Q4 and you look at our guidance and more specifically, I guess if you look at the second half of 2021 Jeff, forecasted performance, you need to understand that approximately $25 million worth of system orders were pulled forward from our scheduled Q4 shipments into Q3 based on customer request. This was primarily in the industrial end market and primarily NIPS. Therefore, the guidance range implies Q4 performance would actually be comparable to Q3 if you adjust both quarters for the $25 million sales pull forward. Again, this was -- full forward was request of the customer and as Naga mentioned, proud of our teams despite some of the supply chain issues, ability to meet the customer's request and demand and pull that forward.  It is also of noteworthy, I guess if you exclude that $25 million from Q3, it would still have been a record breaking quarter, $30 million North of the prior quarterly record. The sequential swing, we tried to point this out to investors by talking to the second half performance that the 14% growth in revenue and 47% growth in earnings at the midpoint. I would tell you the other noteworthy point when you look Q3 to Q4 and you look at the year-over-year growth rates is the 4%tailwind that we had in Q3, that starts to moderate when you look at the year-over-year growth rate in Q4 to about 1% and again that's just given the movement and exchange rates last year, Q3 to Q4. 
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, that's all very helpful. Thanks Joe. Just back on medical, I think Naga you called out biopharma is particularly strong. And your comments, just I wanted to dig in more on the kind of the elective surgery, pace of recovery, and is that trending in line or better than you had expected? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Jeff, thank you. On elective surgeries, in the third quarter we did really well and it was trending nicely. Now without a variant, might you expect that to take back down, that is possible. But I fully expect that what had happened last year as we talked all of last year, as -- our surgeries, like our teams would describe a more selective not elective, right. If you need to get a heart valve replacement you have to get a heart valve replacement, it is just a matter of time. So you could get it postponed, but you couldnt get it cancelled, right. I guess, it's something when that happens then that could happen, but that's not what you're hoping for.  So what we do see and what we experienced in the third quarter is a nice recovery. We saw that business really get back to high single digits in the quarter, and that was really nice to see. Going into fourth quarter, we're trying to be cautious here but we don't see it grow all the way back like last year. I do think it will be little bit lower, but we fully expect medical to recover completely because all of the growth factors that we play towards are on aging population, all of this is going to be intact for us, and it is a great business that is already returning to normal. Will there be bumps in the road, yes absolutely. Given the delta variant, you could have few bumps in the road. Hopefully, that gives you -- answers your question. 
Jeffrey Hammond: No, that's very helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: . Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. 
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone. Just a quick clarification on that last question, Jeff asked. So is it fair to say that you haven't seen a full recovery in the medical PC  yet. Trajectory is good to get some volatility that happens over the next couple of quarters depending on how the broader delta bearing goes and other factors. But on a trailing basis, you don't think that we've gotten that full recovery yet, is that fair? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Fair. 
Michael Halloran: And so then two questions. First, when you look at the order patterns and how those have elongated and shifted, have you seen any change in the seasonality that you're expecting on the actual conversion of those orders, in other words, as the demand carries through, are you still thinking that on an all in basis, the seasonality is about the same or you think the seasonality has shifted some? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. I would tell you seasonality is evolving. When you think about our end market exposure and our particular applications, I don't -- we have studied the numbers on the quarter, I don't know what is the normal seasonality anymore. I mean, if you take, for example, our customers behavior on the industrial side pulling in shipments into Q3 when typically, Q4 was our strongest quarter and look at our implied guidance that suggest that Q4 is going to be down through Q3 because of that. So, I don't know that given our electronics exposure has changed in terms of applications with the semiconductor cycle, our medical business, the biopharma has been strong as the elective surgeries come back and the interventional side starts to return to growth. Our normal seasonality as I would say really challenged to make that statement anymore. 
Michael Halloran: So, the answer is what seems like no, but when you look at the orders that you're getting in, what's the risk that there's been some double ordering or those cancelability in that order book versus it is just a business with a different cadence and the underlying demand, underlying order cadence so that declines can reserve spots over the next couple of quarters? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes, I would tell you we track order cancellation very closely and we do not see an uptick in that whatsoever. So, I think we monitor that risk, but to date that risk is very low. 
Michael Halloran: You know -- go ahead. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sorry Mike, go ahead, finish up and then
Michael Halloran: No, no, no I wanted to say thank you, but I didn't know there's something else, so please Naga go ahead. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think what I would add is just look at the unprecedented investments that are going on in industrial CAPEX, that is one that I would really point to as one of the big drivers in what you've seen in our IPS business. What you would also see in our electronics APS business is this real strong, semi-investments and a particularly strong consumer electronic demand for what is turning out to be a digital economy. So, the macro drivers are pretty strong that we feel really good about what we are seeing in terms of demand for some of our precision technologies. 
Michael Halloran: So is the implication then there that yes, the order book has been very good and you like the fact that you're getting more visibility but it seems like you're also implying that the front line of opportunity still remains pretty robust? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Yes. 
Michael Halloran: Okay, good. Thank you. Appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. 
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning. 
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering, Naga, if you had anything to call out in terms of notable changes in the competitive backdrop consistent with the or with coincident with the pandemic, if anyone's kind of fallen off or gotten flat footed, clearly, it seems like you've picked up some momentum that you generated, but just wondering about the kind of broader question as well? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, we generally tone down -- we have some really strong competitors, but you know the business of course have followed us for a long period of time. In our consumer non-durable businesses, we really are very -- in a little bit significant position with being a global competitor, right. So, a lot of our businesses what you see us being is this global competitor that can be relied upon for good times and bad times and can be relied upon for global support for customers applications and service and sales, right. And so what we've seen come through in this environment is that value proposition getting strengthened even further as others will have some hiccups here or there, are not able to make commitments, Nordson team is there supporting our customers and really in a lot of ways strengthens our value proposition and reaffirms for the customer why you want to work with Nordson, not only because you're going to get precision technologies, you're going to get reliable support that is going to be global in nature. And then that's -- if anything it just reaffirms our strong value proposition. 
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. And then the backlog got 70%, should we think about that as both segments kind of participating in parallel more or less? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. We don't give backlog guidance on a segment specific basis, but you can interpret our performance year-to-date has been quite broad based. I mean, you see both segments growing approximately 20% organically in the quarter and broad based in terms of geography and end markets and division. So we're not going to start giving backlog in segments. 
Christopher Glynn: Yeah, that wasn't what I asked. I appreciate the answer. Last one from me, I'm just curious about the industrial trends in particular, has that been accelerating sequentially during and through past quarter, and in particular, are there any types of applications that you're seeing really breakout in industrial? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Our industrial business, strong investments, a couple of areas I would point out for you. We have applied NBS Next in all of our businesses to really understand what are the best growth opportunities, where is it we want to focus on and how do we treat some positions that are in inherently unattractive. And so the net result of all of this is we find some real strong growth in container for example. So we talked about beverage cans and Nordson has a very strong position and a very attractive position technology suite that supplies people who make beverage cans. And you coat the inside of a beverage can and that's an example of what you see in this whole consumer shift on how they eat and consume beverages and food. So we are benefiting there. We're also beginning to see in our powder business this broad based industrial activity that is leading to investments on paint lines and things like that. So we're doing well there. Our packaging on the industrial, adhesive is doing an extremely well as well. So hopefully, that gives you a couple of different points. Some of this is certainly broad based but where we are pretty pleased with how the team is fully participating in the recovery that is going on. 
Christopher Glynn: Great, thanks for the color. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning guys. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning Andrew. 
Andrew Buscaglia: I want to talk a little bit about mix in the quarter. So obviously, NBS Next is helping and in industrial position you're seeing the divestiture is helping both. Are you seeing any interesting trends that are helping mix that standpoint? And then same with ATS, I would think that actually with electronics and test infection improving you would see maybe a less favorable mix, but what's going out in there? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So within the segments, I think, particularly let's just take one segment at a time, ATS we do see some favorable mix. And I really think it's not to your point at the division level, but it is almost within the division. So, if you think about NBS Next it is being implemented at the division level, so even the relatively low margin businesses and divisions within that are seeing nice improvement in their profitability, in their gross margin, which is driving the favorable mix within the divisions. So it's funny that at ATS within -- at the division level, the mix is actually unfavorable, but it was favorable within each of the divisions such that the end result was most favorable for the segment. And so, I think that -- NBS Next being applied within the division where you're looking at specific applications. I mean, not to mention, within IPS some of the liquid coating opportunities is clearly a favorable mix expansion. Within IPS, you see a very similar story and particularly, I mean, you had strong growth in the systems over the parts within IPS, but yet the margins improved beyond that of the mix benefit that we got from the divestiture of Screw and Barrel business. But if you look at the IPS business, that divestiture alone is probably worth 350 basis points of margin expansion but they're expanding beyond that due to the favorable mix, I would tell you within the divisions. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Another point I guess, which is also helping is we've had some nice success both in IPS and in ATS with our new product launches. The Pro Blue flex and Advantage continued to gain traction. And I would tell you that is helping us from a top line perspective as well as the mix standpoint. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. That's helpful. And then another one on -- with the NDC acquisition, it seems like a great company. I guess I was a little bit surprised given like the specialty nature of the business and it seems like a pretty good deal that EBITDA margins look like they're around 16.5% to 17%. Is this a situation where this company has a very high gross margin profile but maybe EBITDA margins you see an opportunity to expand and I know you gave over 20% target, is that a near term target or is the longer-term to more get that margin in line or above corporate average? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me first start and then Joe, if you could add a little bit more color that would be good. The reason we acquired NDC Technologies is because it fits right with our test and inspection business. And particularly that particular company we really like is because if you look at its gross margins, they are Nordson like gross margins. They have a customer centric business model that is like Nordson. So, it's this case of strong gross margins, indicating a strong differentiated product portfolio, but EBITDA margins are slightly lower than our target. Joe, if you want to just add a little bit more color on what we are thinking near term? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So, you are correct, the margin is coming in about 16% to 17% EBITDA margins and we see opportunities under our ownership and the execution of NBS Next to get margin expansion over the next I would say, couple of years similar to what you see on the core Nordson business as we roll out NBS Next. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: But the main opportunity here is to use NBS Next to identify the best growth opportunities, to invest in them disproportionately, and really grow the company and margin expansion will follow. 
Joseph P. Kelley: So with the 55% growth as favorable incremental margin, so it's the growth that drives the margin expansion. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, got it. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport. 
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning everybody. And great quarter. I'd like to go back to the 25 million of IPS Systems that got pulled forward. I guess it's impressive with supply chain that you were able to get that into the quarter. But I guess my question is about the fourth quarter, I think you said Joe that the system -- IPS Systems would be down sequentially, is that right? And then what is it due to the operating leverage, was it due to the margins if you've got more mix of aftermarket parts in IPS in the fourth quarter?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So, just my comment it was holistically there was about 25 million both from Q4 into Q3 predominantly systems and predominantly, I would say, IPS. And so to Nagas point and your point, it was impressive our team being able to meet that customer request, those customer requests. But from a margin standpoint, you build these systems over time. It shouldn't have huge -- our incrementals are what they are and we're still going to deliver growth in Q4 if you take the midpoint of our guidance. And the sequential comment really Walt it is just Q3 to Q4 for Nordson when you level out and adjust that 25 million and take it out of Q3 into Q4. But Q4 on an adjusted basis, we would be relatively flat. And so it's just that swing in the systems, which is driving the sequential drop. 
Walter Liptak: Okay. And how are you thinking about the fourth quarter margins, are you saying that there's going to be less leverage because the volume growth won't be as high or is there a pickup in margin because there'll be more aftermarket because I cant really think of systems and say in a little bit lower margin, maybe that's incorrect?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yeah, that is changing it a little bit, but not to the degree, I think it was historically. And so, I would tell you we're thinking about margins for Q4 at the gross margin line to be comparable with our new run rate that we saw in Q2 of 57%, 56.5% here in Q3. So, we feel confident to operate in the 55% to 57% gross margin range as the level of call it 600 million to 650 million in sales. 
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Okay. Thanks. And then I wondered you guys talked about this last quarter a little bit, but it sounds like the supply chain there's a little bit challenges, but I wonder on pricing, are you seeing some inflationary pricing that you are passing along to customers, how are you doing that or is it on the project by project basis or are you taking up prices? 
Joseph P. Kelley: Yeah. It's really project by project. I would tell you division by division. We are experiencing as Naga touched on some supply chain challenges, some logistics challenges, but we are laser focused on managing the gross margins of this business. And we're also I would tell you looking out over the long-term as it relates to our customer relationships and in our position I think that bodes well for us. When we entered this pandemic in terms of strengthening what's important to Nordson is that intimate customer direct sales model. And as we work through these challenging times remaining focused on the gross margin and capturing the value we provide but also protecting the long-term relationship with our customer. So, that's how we I would tell you look at that pricing. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Walt, one thing I would add to it is given our gross margins, the material cost in our business is fairly small when compared to other companies. We had a value added assembler of components. We don't have big process component to our business. So, to the extent that we need to increase prices in certain areas, we have done that, we will continue to do that. But in general this is not a huge, significant, material issue for us. 
Walter Liptak: Yes, agree. There's no doubt about that. Okay and then one maybe last for me is Naga you mentioned that you and Joe have been out traveling, visiting the facilities, yes. And I wonder if you finish that process, how are you feeling now about like the delta variant where you continue to visit operations and moving the delta variants can have any impact going into the end of the year? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. From our travel perspective, we continue to remain safe but we cant continue to just stay in the bunkers, right. So Joe and I are being very cautious on how we travel, where we travel, but we are going to continue to travel in a very limited basis. If this thing didnt exist, would we be in more businesses than we are today, absolutely yes. But, so trying to find the right balance in terms of being safe as well as building in the businesses with our team, which is really where all of the action is going on. 
Walter Liptak: Okay, Great. And are your sales people I guess are getting out too and visiting with customers. Do you expect that will continue through the end of the year? 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. It is by request of the customers and it is in region? We're not -- we do have some thoughts around trying to balance safety as well as trying to help our customers meet their business needs. So it is still decided by senior leaders in the company who travels, where we travel. We have started going to some shows on a very limited basis. So the dynamic environment is doing an excellent job of taking prudent mentions to be safe yet make sure we're are taking care of customers. 
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Okay, thank you. 
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the floor back to management for any additional or closing remarks. 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. I want to reiterate that Nordson is well positioned to benefit from the accelerating recovery and our precision technologies remain a critical solution to our customers through this cycle. Additionally, our leadership team is advancing the implementation of the Ascend strategy, which is establishing a growth framework, entrepreneurial organization, and a deep and diverse team to drive sustainable profitable growth. Thank you for your time and attention today. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in todays call conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-05-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Nordson Corporation's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Lara Mahoney.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communication. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 25, 2021 to report Nordson's fiscal 2021 second quarter results. You can find both our press release as well as our webcast slide presentation that we will refer to during today's call on our Web site at www.nordson.com/investors. This conference call is being broadcast live on our investor Web site, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until Tuesday June 1. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A complete reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric was provided in the press release issued yesterday. Before we begin, please refer to Slide 2 of our presentation, where we note that certain statements regarding our future performance that are made during this call may be forward-looking based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. Moving to today's agenda, on Slide 3, Naga will discuss second quarter highlights. He will then turn the call over to Joe to review sales and earnings performance for the total company and the two business segments. Joe also will talk about the balance sheet and cash flow. Naga will conclude with high-level commentary about our enterprise performance as well as our updated fiscal 2021 full year guidance. We will then be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn to Slide 4, and hand the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2021 second quarter conference call. Throughout fiscal 2020, we remained invested in what makes Nordson strong, our direct sales model and innovative position technology portfolio. We also advanced our new NBS Next growth framework, which ensures we focus our resources on the best opportunities for profitable growth. This strategy has positioned us well last year, and as the recovery continues to accelerate in 2021, it has put us in an excellent position to respond to our customers and deliver record sales, gross margin, operating profit and EBITDA during the fiscal 2021 second quarter. As the quarter progressed end market demand accelerated faster and to a greater degree than we originally anticipated, particularly in medical, electronics and industrial end markets. Nordson's dispense applications in the Industrial Precision Solutions segment benefited from the pickup in industrial end markets as well as the sustained demand for food and beverage packaging. In the Advanced Technology Solutions segment, a data centric economy where increasing demand for semiconductors and complex electronic devices drove the need for our test and inspection and fluid dispense products. We have also started to see recovery in our medical interventional solution product lines as the outpatient surgeries are beginning to increase following the COVID-19 related slowdown. Our medical businesses continues to benefit from accelerated growth of single use plastic fluid components for biopharmaceutical applications. I want to congratulate and thank the Nordson global team for achieving this record second quarter. I'm also proud of our team's dedication to meet this accelerating demand while maintaining COVID-19 safety protocols and effectively managing supply chain and capacity constraints. I'll speak more about the business in few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide more detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Joseph Kelley: Thank you Naga and good morning to everyone. On Slide #5, you see second quarter 2021 sales were $590 million, an increase of 11% over prior year's second quarter sales of $529 million. This double-digit growth is more than a bounce back. In fact, as Naga noted, this is a quarterly record for the company, breaking the previous record established in Q3 of 2017. The sales increase was primarily related to 10% organic volume growth, off of a relatively strong Q2 2020 performance. Favorable foreign currency and the net negative impact from acquisitions and divestitures. The benefits from the Fluortek and vivaMOS acquisitions were more than offset by the negative headwinds from the divestiture of the screws and barrels product line. When excluding the divested product line in the prior year for comparability purposes, sales growth would have been 15% in the current year second quarter. Robust growth in electronics and consumer non-durable end markets as well as strengthening medical and industrial end markets were the primary drivers of this performance. From a geographic perspective, growth was strong in all regions except Japan, which has been more heavily impacted by shutdowns related to the pandemic. Gross profit totaled $338 million or 57% of sales in the quarter compared to $290 million, or 55% of sales in the prior year. This 260 basis point increase in gross margin was driven by the combination of improved sales mix, volume leverage and benefits from structural cost reduction measures taken in fiscal 2020. The divested screws and barrels product line at the beginning of the fiscal second quarter was a significant contributor to the improved sales mix. It is noteworthy that a gross margin of 57% is a new quarterly company record. Also records in the quarter were operating profit of $166 million or 28% of sales, a 33% increase from the prior year adjusted operating profit of $125 million and EBITDA of $192 million, or 33% of sales, which is 26% higher than the prior year EBITDA of $152 million. The incremental EBITDA margins were 65% in the quarter. Investors are starting to see the power of the NBS Next growth framework, as it drives double-digit organic sales volume growth, improved sales mix, enhances manufacturing efficiencies, resulting in strong profitable growth. Looking at non-operating expenses, net interest expense decreased $1 million or 17% from the prior year levels associated with reduced debt levels and a lower effective borrowing rate. Other net expense increased $3 million, largely driven by currency translation gains in the prior year that did not repeat in the current year. Tax expense totaled $32 million, or an effective tax rate of 20% in the quarter. Net income in the quarter increased year-over-year 35% to $124 million or $2.12 per share, yet another quarterly company record. This significant growth is reflective of volume leverage driven by the 11% increase in sales as well as benefits from cost control measures and improved efficiencies. Now let's turn to Slide 6 and 7 to review the second quarter 2021 segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales of $299 million increased 6% compared to the prior year second quarter. The organic volume increase of 8% was driven by strong demand and flexible packaging and industrial coating product lines. A strengthening euro and RMB also contributed to a 5% in currency benefit during the quarter. The divested screws and barrels product line was a negative 7% impact on the year-over-year sales growth. It's important to note that the segment sales are north of 2020 and 2019 levels when prior year balances are adjusted for the divested screw and barrel product line. Operating profit in the segment was $104 million, or 35% of sales compared to $77 million of adjusted operating profit in the prior year period. This 36% profit growth was driven by sales volume leverage associated with the 8% organic growth, favorable sales mix, improved manufacturing efficiencies and lower year-over-year SG&A, including reduced travel expense that we continue to experience through the second quarter. Moving now to Advanced Technology Solutions. Sales of $291 million increased approximately 18% compared to the prior year second quarter. This change included an organic increase of approximately 13% as well as increases of approximately 3% related to currency and 2% related to acquisitions. The increase in organic sales volume was driven by strong demand for test and inspection product lines serving electronics end markets and fluid management product lines serving medical and industrial end markets. Also, as we forecasted, on the first quarter call, we started to see the electronic dispense applications contribute to growth late in the quarter. Second quarter 2021 operating profit for this segment was $77 million, or 26% of sales. This increase of 30% over prior year operating margin of $59 million or 24% of sales was driven by sales volume leverage, favorable sales mix and the realization of benefits from cost control measures taken in fiscal 2020. It is encouraging to see the benefits of NBS Next driving the top line organic growth and delivering strong incremental profit margins in both of our operating segments. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow on Page 8. We again end the quarter with a very strong balance sheet and sufficient available borrowing capacity. Cash totaled $133 million and net debt was $734 million, ending the quarter with a 1.2x leverage ratio based on trailing 12 months EBITDA. Free cash flow in the quarter was strong at $94 million, which was 4% above the prior year free cash flow. Cash conversion and net income was 75% in the quarter, which was below normal levels due primarily to a $50 million discretionary pension contribution. Improvements in working capital efficiency contributed favorably to our free cash flow in the quarter. The year-to-date free cash flow conversion rate remains north of 100%. I will now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Joe. Let's turn to Slide 9. Again, thank you to the Nordson team for delivering this outstanding performance in the quarter. We hosted an Investor Day on March 30 to detail our long-term plans for making a strong Nordson even stronger. If you did not have a chance to participate in our Investor Day, the replay of the event is available on our Web site. Now, I'd like to summarize a few highlights. First and foremost, we describe the strong growth drivers enabling Nordson's future profitable growth performance, including diverse end markets, new applications and emerging markets. While our growth drivers are unique to each of our divisions, the diversity of our end markets and the high-level of recurring revenue made us resilient through fiscal 2020 and our strengthening in fiscal 2021 results. At our Investor Day, we also reiterated our commitment to innovation, one of Norton's key competitive advantages. Our customer intimate model gives us insight to the needs of our customers, and we develop our product roadmap as an enabler of their new technologies. In the presentation, we highlighted two of our newest products, the ProBlue Flex melter for packaging customers, and the new Vantage integrated dispense and automation system, which is the first fully integrated wafer handling system designed for the semiconductor industry. In both cases, these new products are advancing automation, reducing cost and accelerating productivity. Both products contributed to record sales in the quarter. To make a strong Nordson even stronger, we also spoke to the new competencies that we are building, notably the NBS Next growth framework. This data driven framework is driving our decision making. We are already starting to see the benefits of our deployment of NBS Next. Last year, we announced structural cost reductions that were based on our strategic discipline analysis. It also drove our decision to divest the screws and barrels product line at the beginning of the second quarter. Simultaneously, we approved new investments in our top opportunities, such as funding new equipment for our Loveland Colorado facility to grow our biopharmaceutical components, and building a new facility in Mexico to support the needs of our Nordson medical interventional solution products. These decisions are strengthening both our top and bottom line. Since being vaccinated, I have started to travel to our businesses. It is exciting to see the engagement of our teams deploying NBS Next to make data driven decisions on how to delight our best customers or invest in the most innovative technology projects or prioritize top products in manufacturing operations. Turning to Slide 10, NBS Next is a critical pillar of our new Ascend Strategy, which is designed to deliver top tier revenue growth with leading margins and returns. In addition to NBS Next, the other interconnected pillars of the Ascend Strategy are; Owner Mindset, Nordson's entrepreneurial division-led organization and Winning Teams, Nordson's talent strategy. It is also exciting to experience the progress we are making in each of these pillars. We now have all of our division leaders in place, and they are focused on building a deep and diverse bench of talent who will support our long-term growth. The successful execution of the Ascend Strategy will help us achieve our long-term growth milestones of $3 billion in revenue and 30% EBITDA. This target will be achieved through a combination of organic growth within each segment as well as the acceleration of acquisitions. Clearly, the record second quarter, an updated fiscal 2021 outlook demonstrate that we are off to a strong start towards achieving our long-term goals. Now let's turn to our updated fiscal 2021 outlook on Slide 11. As we enter the fiscal third quarter, backlog is strong and trailing 12-week order entry is up double digits about prior year levels across the majority of our product lines and geographic regions. For full year fiscal 2021, we expect sales growth to be approximately 8% to 10% over fiscal year 2020. Excluding the 3% headwind from the revenue of the divested screws and barrels product line in the prior year, our forecasted full year sales growth would be approximately 11% to 13%. Our forecasted sales growth combined with strategic actions taken around efficiency and cost is forecasted to deliver earnings in the range of $7.20 to $7.50 per diluted share. The midpoint of this guidance reflects 34% earnings growth compared to prior year and a 25% increase over 2019 earnings. Our current financial results signify more than the benefits of the recovery. Nordson wins because of the foundation of our precision technology focus, customer centric model and diversified end markets. We are well-positioned to benefit from the recovery, and our products remain a critical solution to our customers through the cycle ahead. Additionally, our management team is fully engaged in advancing the implementation of the Ascend Strategy, which will establish a growth framework entrepreneurial organization and a deep diverse team to drive sustainable profitable growth. As always, I want to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Connor Lynagh with Morgan Stanley.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Longbow Research.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg.
Operator: The final question comes from the line of Walt Liptak with Seaport Global Research.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Naga for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: All right. Thank you. I want to reiterate that we are well-positioned to benefit from the accelerating recovery, and our position technologies remain a critical solution to our customers through the cycle ahead. Additionally, our management team is fully engaged in advancing the implementation of the Ascend Strategy, which will establish a growth framework, entrepreneurial organization and a deepened a diverse team to drive sustainable profitable growth. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Conference Call.  I would now like to hand the conference over to Lara Mahoney. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communication. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, February 23, 2021, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2021 first quarter results.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2021 first quarter conference call. Nordson was well-positioned as we entered fiscal 2021. Our COVID-19 safety measures and protocols have ensured we continue to operate safely in this environment. This has allowed us to be agile and responsive to the needs of our customers who serve a very diverse set of end markets, including consumer non-durable, medical, electronics, and general industrial. During 2020, we remained invested in what makes Nordson strong, the direct sales model and our innovative position technology portfolio. Additionally, we were successful in advancing several aspects of our long-term growth strategy. Using the NBS Next growth framework, our employees have been investing their resources in our best opportunities for profitable growth. While this remains a dynamic macroeconomic environment, our team has delivered a very solid first quarter on both the top and bottom lines. It is noteworthy that our first quarter sales and profits are about both fiscal '20 and fiscal 2019 comparisons. In particular, our Industrial Precision Solutions team delivered strong year-over-year growth benefiting from improvements in consumer non-durable and industrial end markets. They also achieved profit margin expansion as volume leverage, improved sales mix, and manufacturing efficiency gains, all combined within the quarter.
Joseph P. Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. On Slide #5, you see first quarter 2021 sales were $527 million, an increase of 6% over prior year's first quarter sales of $495 million. The increase was primarily related to organic volume and favorable currency, with additional benefits from the Fluortek and vivaMOS moss acquisitions. The organic growth was driven by strength in consumer non-durable and industrial end markets, plus particular strength in the Asia region. Gross Profit totaled $290 million, or 55% of sales in the quarter compared to $263 million or 53% of sales in the prior year. This 190 basis point increase in gross margin was driven by the combination of volume leverage, improved sales mix and benefits from structural cost reduction measures taken in fiscal 2020. It is noteworthy that 55% is the highest quarterly gross margin since the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Operating profit in the quarter was $109 million, or 21% of sales, a 39% increase from the prior year adjusted operating profit of $78 million. It is here in the operating profit growth rate that you see additional benefits from the fiscal 2020 cost reduction efforts as SG&A decreased 4% from the prior year first quarter level of $188 million. EBITDA for the quarter was $135 million, or 26% of sales, which is 26% higher than the prior year EBITDA of $107 million. Looking at non-operating expense, net interest expense decreased $3 million or 28% from the prior year levels associated with reduced debt levels and a lower effective borrowing rates. Other expenses increased $2 million, largely driven by currency translation losses associated with the weakening of the U.S dollar. Tax expense in the quarter totaled $20 million or an effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Joe. Let's turn to Slide 9. First, I want to thank the team for delivering a very strong first quarter. Over the past 2 months, Joe and I have been actively engaged in business reviews and virtual facility tours around the world. I'm very excited about the energy within our divisions and the steady deployment of the NBS Next growth frame work whether that is in how teams are organizing data to fuel decision making, or the prioritization of best products in the manufacturing processes. We are also seeing the strategic analysis of product lines to identify the best growth opportunities and filling the sales funnel with these targeted accounts. One tangible result from the strategic discipline element of NBS Next was seen on February 1 2021 as we successfully closed the divestiture of our screws and barrels product line. Our decision to divest this product line was based on critical insights gained from the NBS Next data driven segmentation approach. While this business is a respected leader in the plastics industry, it did not fit Nordson's profitable growth objectives. By divesting this business, we will focus our resources on growing more profitable product lines that will deliver on our long-term objectives. We believe our remaining PPS division as the right degree of differentiation and related technical competitive advantages to deliver over time, Nordson like growth and returns. I would like to take a moment to recognize recent changes to our Board of Directors. At the end of November, we welcome Dr. John DeFord, the Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Becton, Dickinson and Company; and Jennifer Parmentier, Vice President and President of the Motion Systems Group of Parker Hannifin to our Board of Directors. John's technical and regulatory experience in the medical device end market will enrich the strategic perspective of our Board as we continue to grow in this attractive market. Jenny brings strong operational, industrial and M&A experience to the Board, which will be important as we continue to deploy our NBS Next growth framework. John and Jenny's appointments follow the retirements of Joe Keithley, Randy Carson, and Lee banks. I would like to thank Joe, Randy and Lee for their many insights and contributions throughout their time on the Board. Our Board now stands at 9 Directors, 56% of whom are diverse. The average tenure is now 7 years. I would also like to remind you of our upcoming Virtual Investor Day, the morning of March 30. We will share more about the ongoing deployment of NBS Next, as well as our long-term strategic priorities and financial goals. We will also use this time to give investors a better understanding of our strong competitive advantage, differentiated product portfolio and diversified end markets and growth drivers. Please visit our website to register.
Operator:  Your first question is from Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So sales guidance, I guess implies around 5% growth for the remainder of the year, which is slightly below one quarter despite having some easier comparables. So could you just talk about if there's anything that you're seeing in the market that makes you more cautious on improving growth rates?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Joe, you want to take that?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So when you think about our sales guidance, Saree, for the remainder of the year, you have to consider that we have the divestiture of the screw and barrel business. So excluding the divestiture of the screw and barrel business, it suggests a 7% to 9% growth rate when you look at our guidance. Now, I will remind you that is comparable to our Q1 growth rate excluding the screw and barrel business, which was over 7%. And entering the Q2, our backlog is approximately $500 million, which is approximately 7% above when we entered Q2 last year.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks. That's a lot of great color. And then more of a high level question, there's been a lot of semiconductor capacity announcements out there. Could you just talk about how you could benefit from this expansion activity? And have you seen any of this flow through your order rates yet? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Saree, that's a great question. As we have talked about semiconductor devices, and the opportunities for Nordson, this is an area of particular strength for the company. Clearly, we see advantages for us in the test and inspection, as well as our dispense business. What you find is that are two things going on here. With semiconductor device demand increases, you're going to get capacity additions. Now, those capacity additions will take the form of both dispense product lines, as well as test and inspection product lines. But in the shorter term, you're going to find more test and inspection because our customers, it takes a little bit of time to bring on new capacity. But what they are really spending a lot of time is using test and inspection to improve yields, help them meet some of the accelerating demand. So very excited about this. This is a great opportunity for the company, well-positioned to win here. So if you have any additional questions, certainly we'll be happy to answer them.
Saree Boroditsky: I guess one more then. You talked about renewed growth in the auto end market. Could you just talk about what you're seeing in that space, and then how Nordson can benefit from the increase in CapEx and facilities for EVs? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. On the EV side, clearly were -- this is an emerging market for us, an emerging opportunity, where we find the greatest opportunities are in the battery manufacturing. So you could think about batteries, they are put together in many different ways. One of the ways is, you're combining multiple cells. So we have a lot of opportunity in manufacturing of the battery. That is one way. The second is that you could think about our test and inspection. Our test and inspection business definitely benefits from power electronic components like IGBTs, which are increased in demand, becoming more complex, and hence we have an opportunity here both to benefit in battery as well as in electronic components.
Saree Boroditsky: That's great color. Thanks for taking my questions today.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple questions. Maybe just back to test and inspection, Naga, if you were to use a baseball analogy in terms of how much in line testing is being performed, and how much runway is in front of that business. What inning would you say we're in with what you're seeing in T&I right now?
Sundaram Nagarajan: T&I, 100% inspection is early innings. So you see that a lot in auto electronics. You're beginning to see some of that in semiconductor, but clearly early innings.
Matt Summerville: And then just maybe one on corporate expense. In the fiscal first quarter, I think it was some $8 million above the prior year that seemed unusually high. Can you talk about what drove that variance and what sort of quarterly run rate we should be utilizing going forward? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Hey, Joe, you want to take that?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. The increase when you look year-over-year, as I mentioned in some of my comments is from incentive comp. And so while that was a tailwind last year, it's a headwind this year. And so from a year-over-year standpoint, that's what you see in the drive in some of the corporate expense increase. When you think about it from a full year run rate, historically that fluctuates between $50 million on an annualized basis, and call it $65 million, depending on performance.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: Just going back to the semi challenges that are happening right now, I know you talked specifically to that market. But are you hearing or any sort of project delays related to maybe your other electronics end market? Auto comes to mind just given some of the plant closures that have been happening lately. Any color there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, sure, Allison. No, we have not really heard a lot in terms of -- if you remember, we are more involved in setting up the line and in platform launches. We're not really in the direct production line, which is sort of where you're seeing some of the delays. So, no, we do not anticipate any delays, have not noticed. But what we are seeing is pick up in expectations from specifically auto electronic customers who are looking to ramp up capacity by increasing yield. And so you see that in test and inspection growth.
Allison Poliniak: Got it. Thats helpful. And then just looking at leverage, obviously, a very healthy range for you. As we're sort of hopefully getting out of this COVID, and the COVID challenges, any thoughts or changes to how what you would view as an optimum leverage range for Nordson going forward here?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Joe?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So, we ended the quarter at approximately 1.3x leverage. We continue to be very comfortable at leverage ratios higher than that. And when you think about 2x to 3x leverage, we would be comfortable. We have the capacity to go up based on our current debt structure to 3.75x. But as we look at it and look at the opportunities, we do continue to prioritize M&A and would be looking to take that leverage ratio up closer to the 2x to 2.5x half range to support that.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Your next question is from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Dankert: I guess, Joe, definitely appreciate the comments around incremental and how guidance moves forward from here. But I guess to dig in a little bit on an IPS, specifically, 1Q typically the low watermark for IPS margin. 29% is quite impressive, I guess, is that level of margin execution repeatable? Do we build from here as the rest of the year is flat, good performance? Just any -- if you could put that 29% margin number in context, that'd be really helpful.
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. Part of what we see going on here is this acceleration of demand in Q1, I think makes some of our normal seasonality a little bit in question. Perhaps this acceleration overrides the normal seasonality you would see throughout the year. But as specifically related to that 29%, they had a very favorable mix, particularly parts, volumes were up and there was nice leverage going on. It was in that business where we did take some cost out. If you recall, cost action there in Q4, which was delivering benefits here in Q1 to the cost structure. But when you think about that segment going forward, the divestiture of the screw and barrel business will provide further margin improvement to that. So when you think about it going forward, the margins there should expand off of this with the references as a very high watermark here in Q1.
Chris Dankert: Got it. And not to press my luck too much here, but I guess, are you willing to break out what the impact of mix was on the quarter?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes, we're not willing to -- I mean, you referenced 29% was a very high watermark, we haven't seen that since back in 2019. And so we're pleased with the profitability levels back there. At this lower range, a lot of it is coming from the improvement in the mix within the business. So if you think about NBS Next, and as we focused on our most profitable opportunities, really that has allowed us not just to take cost out, but also to drive an improvement in the sales mix. And so that's what you see in that 29%.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Chris, one more of that I would add is that if you think about the volume, the volume leverage in this business is really good. And so we had a pretty strong volume growth that helped us deliver some pretty nice incrementals. So you're-- you've got an accelerated recovery that is helping us and as you go into the out quarters, that volume is going to come down a bit. But we're comfortable with the current margin rates, but I think it's important to remember the volume play here as well.
Chris Dankert: Yes. Yes, thank you for that color. Really appreciate it. And I guess one last one for me. What is the FX benefit assumed in guidance when historically, FX swings can be fairly significant on earnings? Just any comment on FX and kind of what you're baking in here would be great.
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. FX in the quarter proved to be more favorable than we had originally anticipated. And so for our forecast, we are assuming the current exchange rates maintained throughout the remainder of the year. And so that had or that benefit should continue. It starts to moderate a little bit on a year-over-year basis in Q4.
Chris Dankert: But that should still be not dipping it down, but about a 2% to 3% benefit for the full year at current rates. Correct?
Joseph P. Kelley: You are correct.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thanks so much.
Joseph P. Kelley: Yep.
Operator: Your next question is from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning, guys and gals.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Was curious, couple questions on IPS. Wondering if any markets or production processes that you serve are currently showing any nice shifts to adhesive centric assembly from stitch or fasteners?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Chris, a couple of things. First and foremost, the adhesive, core adhesive business is pretty strong. One of the areas that we're beginning to see some really nice pickup is in electric vehicles and in battery manufacturing. It's an area that we continue to benefit from. Ongoing automation across a wide variety of application is also beneficial to this business. So think about adhesive dispensing allowing our customers to automate their manufacturing processes. So we see a lot of benefit there. Not any particular one end market the other, but I would say, a broad set of end markets. Clearly, consumer electronics, interestingly enough, as you have some wearables and other new consumer opportunities. So if you think about our adhesive business, really is depend -- it is -- it has grown mainly through new applications of big lever, and that is pretty strong and we continue to benefit from automation. So the two things I would tell you on a big driver would be battery, and number two automation.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thank you for that. And wondering relative to the two segments within your organic outlook, do you see ATS kind of pulling up to where IPS started the year and kind of coupling the type of organic growth you expect for the balance of the year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. What we have really -- let me give you some end market trend and then Joe can add some color about how were thinking about the actual growth rates. Yes, what we expect is in the back half -- there are two things here. One is, if you know our medical business, as COVID eases and as elective surgeries come back, we said expect our medical business to get back to the high single-digit rates in this back half of the year. So that's one big driver for us. The second is, you begin to see some very strong electronic orders in our business today that will show up in the second half as a growth driver for us. In terms -- so those two will certainly help our ATS business. One thing we have not talked about is that our medical fluid component business, which is primarily driven by biopharm applications has a solid growth in the quarter. We expect that to continue -- that continued strength in the out quarters. It's a big -- it's a small business today, but we are very excited about this opportunity. This is really because of all of the single use components.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds great. Thanks. Just the last one, if I can sneak it in. The FX impact on the top line, does that still sort of drop through? Is it 2x to 3x multiplier to the earnings impact?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes, so the FX to the bottom line, our cost structure aligns, I would say with our sales structure quite well in terms of the FX, Euro denominated and GBP dominated costs as well as revenue. So that does flow through. There is a little bit of a margin expansion within our IPS business, when you see the dollar weaken against the euro and the GBP.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks for the color.
Operator:  Your next question is from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Your line is open.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joseph P. Kelley: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: I just want to touch on the ATS. So, I thought we would see that turn to growth, just given a difficult -- just given like, we're laughing some easier comps. And your overall guidance really for organic growth isn't quite that high if you exclude FX, it doesn't really include -- it doesn't really seem to be assuming much of a snapback in ATS in the back half. So I'm just trying to figure out is this you just being conservative, or just the ATS segment hasn't quite grown. What do you say can grow 2x to 3x times GDP in 3 years now. So I guess what gives -- or can you give some investors some confidence that this growth is coming? Or is this conservatism?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes, so I guess when you think about the growth rate of 4% to 6% and going forward, it's important that excluding the divestiture, again, it's 7% to 9%. And so if you think about FX, that would suggest 3% -- sorry, 4% to 6% organic in that range. So just so we're clearly, I guess 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Right.
Joseph P. Kelley:  I think, places the components, so that's what we're suggesting.
Andrew Buscaglia: Right. Well 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, go ahead, Andrew, sorry.
Andrew Buscaglia: No, no, you add.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Andrew, one of the things that I would add to is that on the ATS side, as COVID eases, our medical business today is primarily flat because COVID declined -- COVID related surgery declined putting a damper on our component business, but offset by very strong growth in biopharm, okay? But as COVID eases in the back half, we do expect this business to get back to high single digits in the back half. So, the ATS what we're baked in is we are expecting medical to come back. We certainly, on the electronic side, it is important for you to remember that broadly Nordson place in high precision applications, with -- what we are really good at is. Test and inspection is growing nicely for us. So that is baked in to our outlook as we forecasted it today. Test and inspection continues to grow. And if you think about electronic dispense business, we are seeing some pretty nice order entry that is starting to grow in the second half, maybe level set here on the electronics dispense side of our business. If you think about our electronics dispense business, what we're really good at is high precision reliable dispense at very high speeds. That's what we're good at. And those has great application across a broad category of electronic end markets, not specifically one particular product category, like a, I guess, smartphone or other things like that. What we are finding is that the demand is pretty high for this level of precision, driven by all of this digital acceleration that you're seeing, driven by automotive electronics. And so, what we really like here is that we have a new team in place that is looking, that is using NBS Next and looking at opportunities, clearly, what we are seeing is that mobile phone manufacturing has matured. It has matured, and hence, these applications don't require that level of precision that is needed. And so we've got a new team looking at -- really looking at this opportunity. But more focused around semiconductor package, more focused on the digital acceleration across a broad spectrum of end markets. And we're confident that this business gets back to mid single digits growth, and you'll start to see some of that in the second half of the year.
Joseph P. Kelley: The other thing I would 
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, go ahead.
Joseph P. Kelley: When you think about our growth rate organic of, let's call it 4% to 6%, don't forget that in 2020 our sales only dropped about 3% to 4%. So the drop off from '19 wasn't as significant as others. So therefore the bounce back opportunity is not as significant as others.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, and I think, you said you sound like China had a good -- as expected, was pretty strong with Q2. It's going to be a little dampened over there. But I guess exiting the year in the second half, presumably, all three regions, China, Europe and U.S., you sounded like those all have to be -- you're assuming those are all growing in tandem exiting 2021. Yes, just I guess, based on easy comps and the pandemic lifting. Is there any other like regional, I guess, regional color you can provide that would ?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Andrew, I think you've kind of covered -- if anything, what I would tell you is that Asia is strong today, Europe is flat organically, we do expect that to change. U.S is starting to strengthen, but right now, it was slightly low in the first quarter. But I wouldn't add anything more than what you've already captured there.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your final question is from Walter Liptak with Seaport. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Joseph P. Kelley: Good morning.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask about the NBS Next, and can you maybe elaborate a little bit about the cost savings that you got that benefited this quarter versus the benefits from NBS Next? Is it possible to differentiate one from the other?
Joseph P. Kelley: No, I mean, it's really not because when you say the cost savings that we referenced, I think at several points, when you step back and think about our cost actions, it was all driven by the strategic discipline within our NBS Next growth framework. And so as we focus on the best growth opportunities, we stayed invested in those opportunities, so that we could capitalize on that. And then where there weren't the best growth opportunities, that is where we took action to the right size, I would say, our cost footprint, or in the example of the screw and barrel divestiture, improve our profitability there. So at the heart of it, Walt, I would tell you the margin expansion when we referenced sales mix improvement within IPS, when we refer -- reference benefiting from the cost structure reduction actions, all of that is rooted in the NBS Next strategic discipline growth framework. And so it's really, when I look at it -- when we look at the incremental margins of 97%, we say that's a lot of NBS Next delivering the benefit.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay. Let me try it this way. As you look at your SG&A overall for the remainder of the year, is there like $1 level or percentage of sales so you can help us with so we can think about the cost benefits, and some of these costs coming back into Nordson?
Joseph P. Kelley: Yes. So, I guess, let me just give a little color commentary specifically on costs. Last year we had several actions that referenced incremental annualized cost savings, some of them were $10 million, one was $5 million. And some of those started at different points throughout 2020. And so those are hitting at the full, I would say, benefit run rate here in Q1. So that you see that that should be maintained going forward. I will tell you also on the cost side, we're benefiting on a year-over-year basis of about $6 million for lower T&E expense as Q1 last year did not have the pandemic cost structure of no travel. And so as that starts to come back, going forward there's a potential another $6 million I don't think at all come back right away. But as you think about it from this run rate, it's about 6 million on the T&E that we benefited in Q1. So -- and the other thing, I referenced is that Q1 typically is our heavy SG&A quarter. If you look last year and the prior year, for different employee benefit reasons. And so that trend should continue as we go forward throughout 2021.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay, thanks for that color. And then may be just the last one for me about, you mentioned in the prepared remarks, the vaccine packaging. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about that? Was there -- is there a revenue size or these orders that came in last year that shift is there more orders that will benefit or come through as sales in second quarter or second half?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure. This is a really strong growth driver for us and the one that we have been working on for a number of years, Walt. It's starting to show up in the marketplace right now. This is single use plastic components, which are used in the manufacture of biopharm, and in this particular case vaccines as well. And we saw some pretty strong growth in the quarter. We expect the growth to continue in the out quarters and maybe even further out. And the biggest reason we are able to have a sort of a flat medical revenue when compared to our customers being down 15% is mainly because of this biopharm growth driver. And so it is more of our single use plastic components that are used in critical biopharm manufacturing steps.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. All right. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I will turn the call back to presenters for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. We look forward to talking to you further during our Virtual Investor Day on March 30. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-12-16 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are on mute. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  I would now like to then the call over to your speaker today, Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communication. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Wednesday, December 16, 2020, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2020 fourth quarter and full-year results.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2020 fourth quarter and full-year conference call. In this unprecedented fiscal year we did not just weather a challenging macro environment, we advanced our long-term strategy and achieved solid financial results. First, I want to thank our Nordson employees for their flexibility, resilience, and commitment as we navigated fiscal 2020. From the beginning of this pandemic, our leadership team has worked together to protect the health and safety of our employees and respond to the needs of our customers. Representatives from our global teams came together to share best practices and lessons learned as COVID-19 spanned the globe. We implemented new protocols of social distancing and face coverage, as well as regular cleaning and temperature checks, all of which continues to this day. By protecting our employees we were able to offer uninterrupted service to our customers, many of whom were deemed to support critical infrastructure. Nordson products serve a very diverse set of end markets, including medical, electronics, consumer non-durables, and general industrial. This diversity helped us drive the relative stability of our results. We have also stayed invested in our direct sales application and service model and committed to the innovation in our precision technologies. For the full-year, sales decreased only 3% compared to prior year, which is commendable in this environment.
Joe Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. As Lara mentioned, we have provided slides that complement the narrative during today's earnings call. On slide number five, you see fourth quarter 2020 sales were $559 million, a decrease of 5% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter sales of $585 million. The decrease was primarily related to organic volume, offset by favorable currency and benefits from the Fluortek and vivaMOS acquisitions. Test and inspection product lines were solid again this quarter, and we continue to see growth in our product lines serving medical end markets. Sales decline in the quarter was largely driven by weakness in the industrial and automotive end markets.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Joe. Let's turn to slide 10. We're well positioned going into fiscal 2021. We have been operating safely and efficiently in this pandemic environment. We also have found creative ways to connect with our customers, whether it is virtual training and tech support or safely distance onsite product implementations. For example, already this team recently participated in the Annual PackExpo, which is the largest North American packaging trade show. It rose to the challenge of this virtual event showcasing our recent innovation through virtual demonstrations and videos. No matter the environment, Nordson employees remain focused on innovation and delivering on the needs of our customers. I'm also pleased with the engagement of the team in adopting our MDS next growth framework. This is truly about making a strong Nordson even stronger. Fundamental for this framework is to select and invest in the best profitable growth opportunities. This data-driven, customer and product segmentation approach, which we refer to as "Strategic discipline," identifies where we create the greatest value for our customers. It is the new capability that our team is learning. Using a data-driven segmentation approach in a consistent and disciplined way, division leaders across Nordson have been working to define their strategic business priorities. This framework empowers our division leaders to take action on the data and focus on the areas where we win. Our decision to divest the screws and barrels product line was based on critical insights gained from this data-driven segmentation approach. Realigning our portfolio is another step forward in positioning Nordson for long-term profitable growth. This divestiture will improve earnings on a go-forward basis. It also gives our PPS leaders more time and energy to focus their resources on their differentiated and profitable product lines. This action exemplifies the power of NBS Next; identify our business's core, simplify the areas that distract you from focusing and growing with your core strengths. With consistent deployment of a data-driven growth framework will complement Nordson's great strengths of innovation, customer passion and culture. We'll continue to strengthen our newer capability by unleashing an entrepreneurial mindset at the division level while also building deep and diverse winning teams.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session.  Your first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Allison, your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks. Good morning, guys. Within the 5% order rate for this past couple of weeks, is there a noted vertical that's driving that or is it fairly broad-based here?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, Allison, good morning. Thank you for your question. Let's just maybe talk in terms of specific end markets, that's probably the better way to answer that question. So, if you think about our consumer nondurable business, what you're really finding is this is a recession-resilient end market for us, food and beverage packaging. Adhesives have been trending slightly up, and so our expectations are this is a better growth than what we have seen in some time. In the medical business, order rates remained stable. It still remains a dynamic environment. Remember that there are parts of our medical business that is certainly impacted by elective surgeries or selective surgeries. But we also have fluid component parts of our business that has been serving biopharma end markets, and so -- and disposable single-use plastics as well. So that part of it is doing really well. So, overall medical is stable, still continuing to grow. In electronics, I would tell the test and inspection business is really doing extremely well there, driven by advanced components in semiconductors, camera modules. In the quarter, we experienced double-digit growth, I would -- my expectations would be slightly lesser than that, but certainly high-single digits is sort of where this is trending. Our industrial business, I will tell you is challenged, but things are starting to look up. We expect some recovery in the first quarter. Our OEM businesses are moderating and automotive is a small part of the company. So, it's not one single vertical but differing rates of growth and trends that are trending up based on end market.
Allison Poliniak: Got it, that's helpful. And then just touching on the divestiture, I know your comment about it not necessarily being quoted  Nordson longer term. Is there somewhat of an impact, a mix impact that you guys are thinking about when looking at these businesses as well in terms of the long-term profitability of the company, or is that sort of just as an insight at this point?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Joe, do you want to take this one?
Joe Kelley: Yes. So, when you think about the divestiture, as Naga mentioned in his script, this divestiture which we hope to conclude, I would say at the end of Q1 or early Q2, it will improve the ongoing earnings of Nordson, and specifically I guess to your question, the IPS segment, and will also improve therefore the profitability profile. But I would tell you, no different than Naga mentioned in his script, the most important and I think impactful is the prioritization and the allocation of resources to those more attractive growth opportunities, and so that's what really came through the NBS Next portfolio analysis, and driving that focus in terms of a growth framework going forward.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks so much.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Matt, your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple questions, maybe just to follow up on the last point. This internal review process that led to this divestiture announcement. Have you fully concluded that at this point, and should we expect any additional portfolio shaping actions here in the more immediate term?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I -- Matt, thank you for your question. On NBS Next, portfolio analysis is a core part of NBS Next, which is really what we call strategic discipline, and it is based on product segmentation and customer segmentation. It is an ongoing process. So based on what we looked at today with our PPS business, our decision was this part of the business doesn't really fit the kind of long-term differentiation as well as the growth potential that we are looking to have in a business. So that's sort of what it is. But there are parts of our PPS business in this analysis, we figured out that it has some pretty strong differentiation characteristics, some technical advantages, which we believe will allow us to continue to grow this business with a Nordson-like profitability. So, for the rest of the businesses, this is an ongoing process. And theres not so much about what you're not going to do; it is as much as what you're going to do more of, right. So, as you think about our businesses, each of our divisions are going through a portfolio analysis, and they figure out what are the best growth opportunities, where do we create the greatest value, how do we move in and focus disproportionately our resources and investments in that part of the company. So, it's an ongoing process, and hopefully that gives you some color.
Matt Summerville: Yes, thank you. And then as a follow-up, when you look at your implied organic guidance for the first quarter, probably flat to maybe down slightly because you'll have some FX tailwind and then some acquisition tailwind. Can you maybe talk about square that up a little bit with respect to your trailing order entry being up mid-single digits. And you mentioned some things maybe around the correlation with timing, et cetera. Can you maybe expand on that a little bit, Naga?
Joe Kelley: Yes, I guess let me expand on  maybe Naga, you can expand on the trend that you're seeing in the orders. But you are correct. I mean if you look at our Q1 guidance as it relates to the revenue, we assume there FX rates similar to what we had experienced in Q4. And so therefore, when you look at the Q1 guidance, the FX and the acquisition will be favorable to about the same degree they were in our Q4 performance, which to your point implies organic growth relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. Now, I'll point out now that organic growth of relatively flat is a significant improvement from the 7% decrease that we saw organically in Q4, and the 4% organic decrease in the full-year 2020. Also, I would add, if you look at what the revenue forecast implies for Q1 2021, not only is it up 2% to 3% over 2020 Q1, but it's also up over Q1 2019. So, said differently, from a run rate standpoint, we're starting out the year north of 2019 levels. And then one other comment I would make is in your observation, the 5% on the order entry and the 5% on the backlog. That 5% is calculated on a constant dollar basis. So that's really what's driving our optimism and our attitudes and our positive outlook as we enter Q1 2021. Now, that being said, you could clearly see there is a difference between timing and lead times in terms of shipments and order entry and backlog, and so that all has to be taken into consideration when we give the Q1 guidance, but when we look at that backlog and that order entry trend, that's what provides us that optimism heading into 2021. Hopefully -- 
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, what I would add to that is really that timing really depends on various different businesses, right. There are certain businesses, like our medical business, it's pretty much not a backlog kind of business; it's more a book and ship kind of business. But if you contrast that with an ICS business, that is more backlog-oriented. You get the order, then you have a large system that you have to put together. And then our aftermarket parts revenues are pretty much book and ship. And in our adhesive business is somewhere in between, it is more standard products that you're customizing or configuring to sell. So, depending on a business, depending on where it is there is a correlation of timing that we talk about.
Matt Summerville: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Maybe just give us a 5G update. We're seeing new phones get rolled out with 5G; just what are you seeing in terms of a CapEx cycle, and on the mobile side as well as 5G infrastructure?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, let me talk about that broadly, Jeff. What we are seeing in the business is 5G related, but more broadly digital acceleration is really driving the electronic supply chain within our businesses. And most prominently where we are seeing this kind of activity in digital acceleration is in the semiconductor side of the business. So in the semicon business we're seeing some incredible, really nice demand patterns there that are emerging for our test and inspection business, and that is really what you're seeing the strength of. In terms of 5G, some of the semicon are related to 5G, but not entirely, right. This is really mostly because of a contact-free economy that is beginning to emerge, virtual conferences, virtual investor discussions, how you order your Christmas gifts, how you order your grocery. All of this is really an example of how this contact-free economy and digital acceleration that is really driving the growth of semiconductors. So you want to think about our electronic business not so much with the mobile revolution how we thought about our business then and within the last decade, where mobile revolution was really the biggest growth driver for us. But going forward, you want to think about our electronic business more in terms of digital acceleration, so that would mean two to three times GDP kind of growth over the long cycle. And on infrastructure it is still slow. We're continuing to get orders; we're continuing to work on those things. But it is not at the same rate as one -- you would expect. So, 5G in our mind is still an emerging opportunity.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then medical, you characterize as stable. And I guess I think this business is historically kind of a high single-digit, low double-digit grower, and maybe I'm just assuming stable means a little bit of growth. But I'm just trying to understand how you think the growth rate shapes up for medical and kind of these puts and takes around elective surgeries maybe coming back as we get vaccine distribution versus kind of comps from PPE equipment, et cetera?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, so I think that's a great question, Jeff. In terms of our medical business there are really two parts to the medical business that sort of allow us to have flat to low single digits, but you got to remember the context. The context really is our med device customers are down 10%-15%, so that's the context. And so why are we doing better then in that context, it's really because we have a fluid component business which is really servicing the biopharma end market as well as fluid components for COVID-type therapies. So, what you're finding is our fluid component business is doing incredibly well, which is muting some of the declines we're seeing in our interventional component business which is directly correlated to the selective surgeries and elective surgeries. So, big picture, if you think about our elective selective surgery kind of related component business, this is down a little bit -- down a bit. In the long-term all of the drivers, the ageing population, single-use component, outsourcing of med device components, all of those are intact as spins normalize we will return to mid to high single-digit kind of growth for this business, and that's our expectation. And right now in this transition, if you think about elective surgeries, in July they were down about 75%, they were 75% of pre-COVID levels, elective surgeries were. And our expectation was they were going to improve, but they have not. So as these elective surgeries improve what you're going to find is that we will benefit from it, and we will return to our mid single-digit, high single-digits kind of growth in the medical business. So, let me stop there. If you have any follow-up I certainly would be happy to answer.
Jeff Hammond: No, that's great. Just maybe last one. I understand the uncertainty. Just give us a sense of what you need to see or I don't know if it's just a couple more quarters before you kind of flip to a more full-year kind of outlook. Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Joe, you want to take that?
Joe Kelley: Yes. Our hope is that our visibility will improve, or I should say, our confidence as it relates to the volatile time that we're in with the pandemic, you know, here in Q1 and Q2, and so, our hope is that by the time we have our Investor Day that Naga referenced, we'll resume annual guidance at that time.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks so much everyone.
Joe Kelley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Andrew, your line is open.
Andrew Buscaglia: Guys, I wanted to ask on dig a little deeper in that Electronics component within ATS. So there's a lot of -- last year there's a lot of optimism growing into 2020. And obviously, there's a lot of things you had to navigate dealing with trade and then the pandemic. So I guess into this year, I guess how do you view things on a relative basis versus historical cycles for that segment, and so as the year progresses, I guess what are some of the times, we should be on board, see how that business shapes up?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, Andrew, thank you. The electronics business, what has happened with our electronics business is something that we've been talking about for a while, if you think about historical go back a decade ago, over the last decade, Nordson benefited by this incredible mobile revolution, where you went from 30 million phones to about 1.5 billion phones worldwide. It was an incredible time of change, incredible amount of things changing in the mobile technology, Nordson played contributed incredible technology and value to our customers benefited from it and that's what we saw. As you think about the next decade, and that's sort of what we are in right now, that mobile revolution is at once in a lifetime kind of event and what you're going to see is a much more normal kind of growth, still pretty strong growth, two to three times GDP. And so, the way we plan and think about our business is, we think about two to three times growth across the Electronics supply chain, not just mobile, but really, in our view, as we work with our customers and what we see in our businesses, what we find the greater drivers are digital acceleration. In virtual conferences, virtual way of doing business, virtual way of buying grocery, virtual way of ordering Christmas gifts, many different ways you think about it, this virtual economy, this contact economies continue to grow, which is leading to digital acceleration on infrastructure in capabilities. Certainly, all of this adds to supply improvement and order trends that are across the supply chain. And Nordson has done a really nice job over the last decade to diversify from just one particular product category to multiple semiconductors, components and products PCB, so we're diversified across electronics supply chain, and so we'll benefit from that, and we diversified into test and inspection. And so, what you really see is this digital acceleration, all of this leading to complex devices, complex components, leading to 100% inspection, inline inspection in some cases, all leading to our test and inspection business doing really well. So, our expectation is two to three times. And it is a different kind of growth, when compared to what you experienced in the last decade.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, okay. With this NBS Next, using data to kind of understand your business a bit better, you've obviously found that that's been in there, but what about -- is this influencing any change  adjacent some segment that you'd like to be in or is the focus going to remain on test and inspection and medical?
Sundaram Nagarajan: So as you think about it, we didn't talk about this when we clarify it, our focus is going to be on test and inspection and medical, but really that is what was behind. At that time, we did not publicly talk about NBS Next because we were still in the process of building it, but really what drove our focus is focus on test and inspection and medical is really a concerted view inside the company on how the portfolio was, and where was the greatest growth opportunities or the most differentiated parts of the company, which have the greatest growth potential is sort of what it led us to this focus around testing, inspection and medical. We have  looking for new market spaces that have characteristics that are very similar to Nordson, do we like the company  potentially, what is the level of differentiation? So should we ever run out of ideas? We don't rule out the opportunity to expand into a newer space should that need to happen.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thanks, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Andrew. I appreciate the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Saree, Your line is open.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you, and good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Saree.
Saree Boroditsky: How does the MDS next portfolio analysis. Was there any businesses or product lines that you found were being underfunded that you want to focus on growing organically going forward?
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think that's a great question. That is one of the things that we are really laser focused on is, this decision also -- there are two ways to think about this. One, it's a consistent, disciplined way of looking at opportunities in the company, but more importantly, that analysis and that decision making now happens at our division level. At the company level, it is great to understand where you want to be, but it is even more powerful when you look at the businesses and you look at some segments within the business where the greatest opportunities are. And as our division leaders have set their strategic goals priorities, what we're finding is that our leaders are making those decisions. The company has done a really nice job of staying invested in customer passion and staying invested in innovation. So I wouldn't say there is a complete switch, but are we discovering opportunities? Yes. And I think I am more excited about the fact that now these decisions are made much closer to the customer, much closer to action and knowledge. And I think that's probably the shift that we're making.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you. And then lastly, as we think about the backdrop for industrial spending next year, what are you hearing from customers as far as appetite for capital spending?
Sundaram Nagarajan: As we talked a little bit about how the industrial business remains challenged, but we're starting to - from the middle of the year to now sequentially the orders that continued to improve and continue to grow. And we see some of that in our industrial businesses. So as we think about it, remains of dynamic environment, but our expectations are that it is trending up, and we expect some recovery in the first quarter.
Saree Boroditsky: Great. Thanks so much for answering my question.
Joe Kelley: So I would just add your comment on the MDS. Next, if you look at our SG&A, we did take several actions during the back half particularly of 2020 to lower our structural costs. That said those actions were very strategic, focused on business as identified in areas, identified through the MDS next framework. At the same time, it also allowed us areas where we wanted the best, as Naga mentioned. So, if you look at our product development costs on the full-year in the quarter, it was actually flat for the full-year, up in the quarter. So there are areas where we continue to invest, and there are areas where we are taking strategic I would say structural cost reduction actions.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran with Baird. Mike, your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: Some thoughts on the margin profiles as you worked through fiscal '21. You could just help us and put and takes. How are you thinking about incremental margins with some new structural cost improvement initiatives, can provide as a tailwind mix, any other puts and takes when you think about obviously the divestitures coming up that'll help with the mix, but beyond that, how should we think about some of the key buckets in the fiscal '21?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay. Mike, I think in general, let me give you a broad -- broadly how we think of that business. And then, Joe can walk you through the puts and takes and all of that, right? So, in general, the expectation for us is that as our revenues grow, our expectation on incremental should be north of 45%. That's sort of how we are thinking about it in the business. So, it then allows us with the 54% growth  an ability to invest back in the business to continue to grow. So with that, why don't I get Joe to talk to you about the details of the various puts and takes?
Joe Kelley: Yes. When you think about the incremental margins, I mean our guidance here in Q1 I think are high incremental margins sequentially and our stay on year-over-year basis because that is where you are seeing the benefits of some of those structural cost reduction actions in the Q1 numbers, but I will go back to Q4 and I'd just point out, I mean quite please with IPS, 30% OP as a percent of sales. And that was nice sequential incremental margins there when we look at it compared to Q3. And so it just -- it highlights that that particular business when some modest growth can really drop some nice incremental margins north of 50%. And so, that 30% is back to the Q4 2019 levels, but also even to at Q2, Q3 back in '19 when that business is north of $300 million doing 29 - 30% margins is something it can do. So, it's nice to see that bounce back from the Q3 which was a little bit depressed. Some of those of items, we view it as temporary. And it is nice to see that they were temporary in nature.
Mike Halloran: And then on the capital deployment side on the external, obviously internal is the priority, but what does the acquisition side look like? How are you thinking about buybacks, anything like that? And what the prioritization looks like in '21 as well as what the opportunity side how realistic would be to move the needle on the acquisition side?
Joe Kelley: Yes. So from a priority standpoint as you mentioned, organic generally generates best return at the lowest risk. And so, we continue to organically invest in business. That being said, it's relatively capital light and doesn't demand a lot from our free cash -- of our cash flow from operations which are quite strong. And so, we are committed dividend payer as you know and dividend increaser. We would like to do share buybacks to offset dilution, but beyond that we are really focused on the acquisition side. And, it's been a challenging 2020 and the M&A market. That being said, quite pleased that we are able to make progress with the Fluortek, with vivaMOS and then the announced divesture as well. I will tell you that we are no different than the factories who are learning how to operate and produce products safely in this environment. The M&A community is also figuring out how to do deals in this environment. And so, the market for M&A I would tell you is improving. And so, we do remain active. We are very strategically focused based on the NBS Next framework that Naga has reviewed with you and where our growth opportunities are. So, we are actively I would say -- Mike, actively working to deploy capital through the acquisitions. And the pipeline is growing as I would characterize it.
Mike Halloran: Appreciate the time and the color. Thank you.
Joe Kelley: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Christopher, your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. I had a question about the -- just want to kind of go through high level, revisited the T&I momentum and review the compounding dynamics you have there. I am really curious about what you are driving in terms of succession pattern of new capabilities versus adoption of the iterations -- the technology iterations you have introduced over the past year plus, and how those two factors converge towards this idea of 100% online testing capabilities.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. And I think it's a great question, Chris. And it's an area that we are doing a lot of work in. And it is an area that has a lot of promise for the company. Just sort of step back a bit, if you think about our test and inspection business today, it has two major -- maybe three major product technologies. First is x-ray inspection. Second one is acoustic imaging. Third one is mechanical testing, where we do some wire bond testing. We do optical inspection as well, but it is a smaller part of the company. So, major product lines really be are X-ray imaging, think about acoustic imaging and then think about mechanical testing. We fundamentally believe that the acoustic imaging and x-ray imaging are going to continue to grow for us, as these devices get more complex, and a couple of applications. So if you take a little bit one more step deeper into the product application. So if you think about a complex semiconductor package that is being manufactured. In the past, they were sampled, and you ensured that the manufacturing process was stable and the product quality was really good, but as these devices get a lot more complex, now you're really interested in, because these devices now have greater functionality, the risk of failure and the potentially impact on the customer's experience is so high that these semiconductor packages are now getting inspected 100%. So that's sort of a need. In terms of what is it that customers are looking for, the customers that are really looking for not only whether the bonds were made, but there is more looking for all the things that they need? Is it in there? Is it in the right side? So, now all of a sudden 3D metrology with extra inspection becomes a lot more greater and real and online rather than what was a good feature to have. So as it translates to the company what it really needs is do we have the resolution, which we've always been really good at, do we have the speed, and do we have the lowest signal noise level, right? So those three things really don't matter. As you think about the new acquisition, we made it as a technology acquisition CMOS sensor, image sensor, and it provides all of those things, it provides a unique combination of higher speed, higher resolution and lower noise. And so as we build out our inspection capability, you'll then have to find those ad technologies that allow us to help our customers inspect things more in real time and at a faster rate, higher resolution, no work lower noise level. And we're going to add capability that allows us to do more 3D metrology than we have done in the past. So that's another one that's coming about. And I would say the third is today our business is very focused on electronics. We do - and we're beginning early stages of diversifying that exposure into adjacent end markets. And this vivaMOS acquisition allows us to now think about, is it possible for us to become a component supplier. It allows us to sell our image sensors, and allows us to sell our tubes into end markets to other OEMs, in end markets that we don't have a right to play in, but we have a right to be a component supplier because we have the best resolution in the market. We have the best lowest noise level on the market. We have highest speed. So it's an exciting time in the test and inspection business. It's an area where we will continue to invest in. One that we did not talk about is some early days here is this defect classification is another big thing, right. I talked to you about image speed low noise, but also defect classification that's important because that allows our customers again to identify whether it's a good chip package or a bad chip package. So a lot of details there, but hopefully that gives you how we're thinking about the business, where this had it. It clearly has some good opportunities for organic growth, and opportunities for us to acquire. Again, we'll be really thoughtful as always what we acquire, how we acquire, it, wasn't a discipline around acquiring things that sake, we're not going to acquire undifferentiated, commoditized products interested in selection, we're going to be very focused around what makes Nordson strong, which is position technologies, customer intimacy, really customer critical applications and how we add value and create value. And so that's where we're going to be focused on.
Christopher Glynn: That's great detail and great bang for the buck on the question. Thanks. Just a little housekeeping to close-up, D&A and bias on working capital through the cash flow statement for fiscal '21, any comment there, Joe?
Joe Kelley: Yes, so quite pleased with our progress on working capital liquidation there in 2020, particularly the strength in Q4, we improved I would say our efficiency around the AR side. And so when you look at the cash flow statement, you'll see it was on the AR and it's not just selling 3% or 5% less than we did in Q4, I should say. It was really improving the DSI, as we implement NBS Next and see that rollout, I think going forward, there's an opportunity on the inventory side. So really anxious as we go into 2021 is to continue to focus on the cash flow, and do feel that there's some opportunities from an inventory efficiency side there.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Do you have a D&A figure for fiscal '21?
Joe Kelley: D&A, I don't have a figure yet, it's going to depend on the timing of this , or I should say, the screw and barrel divestiture.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks.
Joe Kelley: Yes.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Chris, your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning, thanks for fitting me in here. Ran over this quickly, but just want to make sure I'm understanding the dynamic when we're looking at the ATS business specifically, as you characterize Medical stable, Test & Inspection up double-digits, high singles, that really does kind of give the sense that that Dispense was extremely weak in the quarter kind of despite some of the other strength going on in PCBs and Semi's. Am I thinking about that, right, and I guess, just what was the key driver of the weakness in the quarter on that core dispense business and advanced technology?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think it's a good question, Chris. Our dispense business as you think about it, we've benefited in the last decade from this mobile revolution, this incredible investment on mobile revolution. We're benefiting from some projects that are related to semiconductor in that business, certainly benefiting from some projects in some newer features, but not to the same extent as we've benefited in the past. So, you had a competition there for that business that we're working our way through. In general, our expectation for that business is as this competitions get worked out, what you're going to find is going to be a nice 2% to 3% grower, isn't going to be the same kind of grower that it was, but the company was very thoughtful in diversifying into Test & Inspection and so Test & Inspection all of a sudden is a really nice growth engine for us in the semiconductor side, and we'll benefit from it. And hopefully, that gives you how we're thinking about it internally.
Chris Dankert: That's fair. That's fair. Thanks, Naga. And then I guess, just lastly from me, when we look back at the other half the business, dispensing I guess the coatings business versus hot melt something that coatings is down pretty substantially even really driving though the weakness in the fourth quarter here in hot melt was much more stable. Is that correct again, just kind of thoughts going forward?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, yes, I think but you want to remember our coatings business was one of those businesses that had order substantial amount of orders slipped from third quarter of '19 to fourth quarter of '19. So if you think about fourth quarter by itself, yes the coatings business had a significant headwind, but if you look at it from second half perspective for the coatings business was about mid-teens still pretty high and was essentially one of the things. So there is a comp issue and there is an industrial exposure issue. And you're right about to being in a much better place. Joe, do you want to add some color to it?
Joe Kelley: Yes, I'll just add one thing, two questions there, the fluid dispense within ATS and then the ICS business within IPS -- sorry, sequentially we are seeing some nice improvements there. Those are the businesses that have the heavier industrial exposure. And so, when you talk about Naga's comments as we went through the back half of '20, we saw that steady improvement in order rate. So while it's down year-over-year, from a trend standpoint those businesses are seeing some improvements sequentially.
Chris Dankert: Got it. That's all very helpful color. Thanks so much guys. And best of luck in the '21 here.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back over to Naga for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: All right. Thank you for your time and attention on today's call. We are well-positioned going into fiscal 2021. We remain focused on our long-term objective of making a strong Nordson even stronger as we deploy NBS Next growth framework to prioritize organic and acquisitive growth opportunities while also unleashing an owner mindset within our customer-focused divisions. We wish you a happy holiday season. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-08-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Joseph Kelley, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, August 20, 2020, to report Nordsons fiscal year 2020 third quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our audio webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until September 3, 2020. During this conference call, references to non-GAAP financial metrics will be made. A complete reconciliation of these metrics to the most comparable GAAP metric has been provided in the press release issued yesterday. Additionally, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2020 third quarter conference call. With me today is Joe Kelley, the new Chief Financial Officer of Nordson. I'm pleased to welcome Joe to the call this morning. Joe joined Nordson on July 6 and brings over 25 years of financial and operational expertise to Nordson. Most recently serving as Chief Financial Officer of Materion, a global advanced materials company. I'm very excited to have him on board. He's already bringing great energy and perspective to our leadership team. First, I want to thank our Nordson employees for their continued flexibility, resilience and commitment as we have navigated 2020. They remain focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees and responding to the needs of our customers. Nordson products serve a very diverse set of end-markets, including medical, electronics, consumer non-durables and general industrial. This diversity has helped drive the relative stability of our results to this point in the year. By maintaining new safety measures, our team has risen to the challenge and continue to meet the needs of our customers who depend on us to help them drive efficiencies, enhance innovation and continuously supply aftermarket parts and consumables that keep their manufacturing lines running smoothly. While we remain focused on managing this dynamic environment, the Nordson leadership team and I are equally committed to making progress towards our strategic priorities of accelerating organic growth, diversifying through acquisitions, leveraging that Nordson Business System, and building winning teams. On June 1, we announced the acquisition of Fluortek, a precision plastic extrusion manufacturer in the medical device industry. Fluortek brings highly differentiated PTFE medical tubing expertise, which is complementary to our current value-added component offering for minimally invasive therapies such as heart valve replacement. Growing our Nordson Medical business continues to be a priority of our capital deployment strategy. We're pleased to have the Fluortek employees as part of the Nordson team. Also during the quarter, we continue to develop the next generation of the Nordson Business System, which we're calling NBS Next, Nordson's growth framework. Our new segment realignment, which unleashes an owner mindset at the division level, allows our teams to make decisions as close to the customer as possible. Using critical insights created by segmentation tools in NBS Next, our division leaders were empowered to prioritize investments and simplify non-value added tasks to deliver best-in-class product quality and delivery. Staying invested in what makes Nordson strong, our customer centric business model and precision technologies will position us to accelerate profitable growth when the economy recovers. I'll speak more about the business in a few moments but first I'll turn the call over to Joe to introduce himself and provide a more detailed perspective on our financial results for the quarter.
Joe Kelley: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. I am very pleased to join Nordson, which has a long-established reputation as a high quality company that consistently delivers top-tier financial results. I look forward to partnering with Naga and the leadership team to drive the next chapter of profitable growth for Nordson. We have an extremely solid and rich foundation on which to build and I am honored to be part of the team. With that in mind, let's turn our attention to the fiscal third quarter financial results. Third quarter 2020 sales decreased 4% compared to the prior-year third quarter. The decrease was primarily related to organic volume as unfavorable currency effects were offset by the benefits from the Fluortek acquisition. The company's diverse end market and geographic exposure, as well as broad product applications contributed to the relatively strong commercial performance in these challenging times. Our combined Asia region led the way by delivering 3% growth in the quarter. Gross margins totaled $281 million or 52% of sales in the quarter compared to $303 million and 54% of sales in the prior year. The 200 basis point decrease in margins is attributable to $1.2 million of inventory step-up amortization related to the Fluortek acquisition, unfavorable sales mix, and COVID-19 manufacturing inefficiencies and COVID-19 manufacturing inefficiencies. As our factories addressed employee safety needs in this challenging time with precautionary quarantining of employees, implementing social distancing, rotational staffing, etcetera, a combination of these three factors contributed to the lower gross margin percentage in the quarter. We anticipate the majority of these headwinds to be temporary in nature and forecast returning to our historical gross profit margin levels. Operating profit in the quarter was $112 million or 21% of sales, excluding nonrecurring items in the quarter related to cost reduction actions and the acquired inventory step-up amortization, adjusted operating profit totaled $120 million, a 9% decrease from the prior-year adjusted operating profit. EBITDA for the third quarter was $148 million or 28% of sales, which is a 7% below the prior year EBITDA of $159 million. Looking at nonoperating expense, net interest expense decreased $4 million or 37% from the prior-year levels, associated primarily with the lower effective borrowing rate. Other net expense increased $10 million associated with an unfavorable $5 million year-over-year swing in currency gains and losses and a $5 million increase in pension cost. $3 million of the pension increase was related to a noncash pension settlement charge associated with the prior CEO. Tax expense in the quarter totaled $9 million or an effective tax rate of 9% in the quarter. The rate was driven lower by a $12 million discrete tax benefit associated primarily with non-recurring levels of stock option exercises and deferred equity compensation. Excluding these discrete items within the quarter, the effective rate would more closely reflect the company's long term tax rate of 20% to 22%. Net income in the quarter totaled $87 million or $1.49 per share. Excluding non-recurring adjustments to operating profit, the non-cash pension settlement charge and discrete tax benefits, adjusted earnings were $83 million or $1.42 per share. This represents a 12% decrease from the prior year adjusted earnings reflective of the 4% decrease in sales volumes. Cost reduction actions taken in the quarter to structurally lower the ongoing cost profile of the company totaled $6 million and primarily related to severance payments. These actions are forecasted to deliver annualized savings of approximately $11 million to $12 million. Looking at the segment performance. Industrial Precision Solutions sales decreased 6% compared to the prior year third quarter. Stable demand from product line serving consumers in non-durable and markets were offset by weakness in sales of product line serving industrial markets. Asian markets appear to be recovering from the lower COVID-19 demand levels. Operating profit for the quarter was $75 million or 26% of sales. Excluding $3 million in structural cost reduction and simplification actions, EBITDA was $86 million or 30% of sales, a decrease of 200 basis points compared to the prior year third quarter. Lower sales volume, unfavorable product mix and manufacturing inefficiencies tied to the pandemic safety measures drove the lower profit levels. Advanced Technology Solutions, sales decreased approximately 2% compared to the prior year third quarter. This change included a decrease in organic sales volume of 3% and an increase of approximately 2% related to the Fluortek acquisition. Currency impact was minimal. Sales volumes increases in test and inspection product lines, serving at electronics end-markets and stable demand in medical product lines were offset by weakness in fluid dispense product lines serving industrial end-markets. The stable demand in medical is reflective of strength in some product lines, offset by meaningful softness in the other product lines, more closely tied to elective surgery. It's important to note that the definition of elective surgery has been broadened during the early months of this pandemic, particularly in the US. However, we are starting to see market signs that elective medical procedures are beginning to ramp back up. Within the Advanced Technology Solutions segment, reported operating profit was $50 million or 20% of sales in the quarter. Excluding one-time charges associated with the cost reduction actions and inventory step up amortization EBITDA was $71 million or 29% of sales in line with prior year profits despite the 2% decrease in sales. Finally, turning to the balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with a strong balance sheet and plenty of available borrowing capacity. Cash total $222 million and net debt was $1 billion. Ending the quarter with a 1.8 times leverage ratio based on the trailing 12 months EBITDA. Free cash flow in the quarter was $82 million, which brings the year to date free cash flow conversion rate a net income to a 119%. Investing activity in the quarter total $135 million driven by the $125 million acquisition of Fluortek. Dividend payments were $22 million in the quarter and the company's board approved a 3% increase in the annual dividend effective in the fourth quarter of 2020. This marks the 57th consecutive year the company has increased its dividend. We remain very confident in the cash flows of the company and are committed to returning a portion of the cash to shareholders in the form of a consistently increasing dividend. In summary, our top line has held up well considering the challenging macroeconomic environment. While we benefit from the diversity of the end markets we serve, the team has responded in a great way in supporting our customers and delivered solid performance while controlling cost in the quarter. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet maintain a strong balance sheet with sufficient liquidity to allow us to stay focused on long-term strategic initiatives to drive organic and inorganic growth. I'll now turn the call back to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Joe. I'm pleased with the performance the team delivered in a very challenging environment. Id like to make note of few areas. First, I appreciate the strong performance of our teams in Asia Pacific and Japan. They successfully managed through the challenges of COVID-19 earlier this year. Through it all, they remain focused on serving the customer. As a result, they delivered growth in the quarter. Revenue in the Asia-Pac region increased 3% compared to prior year. We had a very productive virtual review of our Asia businesses several weeks ago. Taking our executive team on a virtual tour of the facilities and new product pipeline, it is clear that the regional team is making meaningful progress in broadening in-country new product application and service expertise and resources, to serve our customers in the region. Second, I'd like to acknowledge the strong results of our test and inspection product lines, which are up double digits year-over-year. Test and inspection has been a focus area of our acquisition strategy. And we have built a robust offering of T&I product lines including Xray, acoustic imaging, bond testing and automated optical inspection capabilities. As advanced electronic components and semiconductor technology for 5G AI, and memory applications are becoming increasingly sophisticated. The need for T&I equipment is growing. Nordsons diverse portfolio of solutions and technical expertise is making us a go-to partner for global customers. In fact, our matrix inline automated Xray, offline DAGE Xray and bond testing, and SONOSCAN acoustic imaging product lines had direct sales in the fiscal third quarter. As I mentioned earlier, I'm encouraged that our teams are beginning to use a data-driven approach with NBS Next Segmentation Tools to prioritize investments to position their businesses for profitable growth and their recovery begins. In July, I participated in a progress review of the four pilot businesses who are currently deploying NBS Next. I'm pleased with the curiosity and experimentation in how our teams are beginning to apply data-centered insights to enhance customer service levels. Nordsons geographic and end market diversity is one of our greatest strengths. In this period, our Test & Inspection, Consumer Non-durable, and Medical end markets are helping balance the weakness of industrial end markets that are still under pressure. Our recurring revenue of aftermarket parts and consumables contributes to our relatively stable performance in these dynamic times. Looking at the fourth quarter, our order entry rate has come off of the lows experienced early in the quarter. The trailing four-week order entry as we enter the fourth quarter is approximately 93% compared to prior-year levels; and the 12-week order entry is approximately 90% compared to the same period last year. Backlog has decreased approximately 3% compared to the prior year. Based on these data points, we expect our fiscal fourth quarter revenue to be comparable to slightly better than the third quarter 2020 revenue. We also expect low single-digit sequential growth in earnings. I want to thank our colleagues around the world for their incredible commitment to our customers. This is an uncertain time for many and the teams strong execution is commendable. As always, I want to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for their continued support. With that, I'll pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. A couple of questions. First, on the medical side of the business, can you talk about how much of that is being driven by what is now being defined as elective versus non-elective? I guess I was under the impression that the elective portion was pretty minimal
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. As we entered the quarter, the definition of what is elective and what is selective, as you know, continue to broaden. And so, because of that, we did have some impact in our businesses. But if you look at our medical portfolio product offering, you have a fairly broad and diverse offering that not only serves the minimally invasive surgeries and such as heart replacement or stent placement. We also have a number of surgical, as well as fluid management product offering. And so, what we saw really was a surge in demand for our fluid management product offerings, pulmonary treatments. And so, it certainly helped us come in flat to last year in the medical business, less than what we have experienced, historically, 4% to 5% growth. So, it was lower than that, but it was flat to last year. And probably put it in context, what Ill tell you is if you take a look at medical device manufacturers, many of them in this environment are down mid-teens. And so, we're really pleased and it is slightly lower than our expectation, but very pleased that the team was able to come in on a flat year-over-year basis for the medical.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you for that color. And then just as a follow-up, can you maybe provide an update on what you're seeing in fluid dispense as it pertains to more to consumer electronics, 5G project activity and, kind of, what the outlook is there? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I -- what we see really is early stages of -- we had a good quarter last quarter, if you remember on the fluid dispense side for our electronic businesses. And what we see is continued project activity what you do find is in the electronic side, we're finding a lot of applications for these new complex components that go into AI applications, go into a number of, you know, the advanced 5G-related products be it out of electronics or as well as in mobiles that you have, you know, increased antenna requirements, you have increased camera modules, you have increased number of, you know, aeros as well as micro speakers and such. So, a lot of advanced components and we are seeing a lot of project activity on that. But primarily on the electronics side, where we see strength and had a really strong quarter, was in our test and inspection, which is more geared towards the semiconductor side of the business rather than on the components side of the business..
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, I just want to really understand, kind of the order trend through the quarter and, you know, you kind of gave some different numbers, you know, 12-week trend, 4-weel trend. Just kind of, really get a better sense of, you know, kind of what the true trend is in terms of, you know, things getting sequentially better. And maybe where particularly you're seeing things get sequentially better. Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. No. Thank you, Jeff. And so, what we're trying to do is probably talk to you a little bit about how we entered the quarter, right. We entered the quarter and we provided probably for the first time we talked about order entry rates in the way were talking about it now. And I want to provide you some context for that, you know. We feel, you know, given the dynamic environment, it was important for us to provide you with more color than we normally do. So, that was the intent. And so, as we entered the third quarter, if you looked at the 12-week order rate, we think of the 12-week order rate as a little more longer term and suddenly stabilizes near-term environment. But given the current dynamics, we felt that was important for us to look at something shorter term so that we can see what is happening. So, that's why last quarter we provided you a six-week guidance, that's because six weeks was the time period that COVID had really hit in our quarter. So going forward, what we're thinking about is giving you a 12-week and a four-week guidance around how we are seeing til we get out of this dynamic environment. So, with that context, what Ill tell you is that the best way to think about the current environment is to think about it more sequentially. And we begin to see, as we navigated through the third quarter, sequentially the order trends for the total company was starting to improve, right? So, we entered the quarter, I would say, six-week order trends were more in the range of 11%. The short term was around 11% down. And as we exit the quarter, we begin to see that order trend is more like down 7%. So, that's sort of -- go ahead. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. That's helpful. Where do you think you -- where are you seeing the best sequential improvement?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. So, I think I answered one part of your question and now let's go to the next part of the question, and probably take it two chunks, Jeff, is that, first, give you some color around the regions; and then, give you some color around the trends we are seeing by end market. So, if you think about the geographies sequentially, our order entries are such that from a geography perspective, in the US, the order trends are stabilizing, albeit at a little bit lower level that we talked about. Americas, which is, sort of, Latin America and Mexico, still remains challenged, given all that is going on in Mexico and Brazil, still remains challenged. But it is a very small part of our company. In terms of Europe, what we do see is a meaningful pick up and a trend up sequentially when compared to third quarter. And then in Asia, as you've seen in our third quarter numbers, we have reported a growth in Asia, but when compared to last year. And what we find there in Asia is sequentially that remains flat. It is not accelerating any further than that, but it is remaining flat. So, that's the regional picture. And if you look at about end-markets, what I would tell you is that some of the industrial end-markets remain challenged, right? So, businesses that have industrial exposure like our ICS business or our fluid dispensing in EFD, they remain challenged. Our medical business continues to be flat, order entry rates are flat and we seem to feel good about it. Our fluid dispensing in non-consumer, non-durables is flat to slightly up. And our plastic processing is flat to slightly up. And our electronic business, as we talked about, and test and inspection had a strong quarter and we find that we are flat there. So, hopefully, that gives you -- you know, its a range of scenarios is what we're seeing in terms of trends for the various end markets. But essentially, it's a very dynamic environment. And what we find ourselves is managing to that dynamic environment. We're seeing some areas where sequentially things are stabilizing and maybe some improvement, but the industrial parts continue to remain challenged for the company.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. That's good color, Naga. Just on Fluortek, can you give us, you know, what kind of the annual revenue contribution, what that business has been growing at, you know kind of how the margin profile looks versus the medical business overall or at least you know the Advanced Tech segment? And just really where -- you know, what's the incremental kind of new product or market that you know this gives you that you didn't have before?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. So, I think let me give you some strategic color and maybe give you some update around how things are panning out in the first couple of months here. And then Joe can sort of provide you a little bit of color around contribution and such. So, it's a great little business. It's a niche business for us. It brings to the company PTFE tubing. So, this is the inner lubricious layer of the, you know, think about if youre trying to place a stent, you have to thread it through a tube that's in the patient. And what you really find is you have a lubricious tubing layer, which is inside that tube and that's really what this is, right? So, that is their major product line is the inner lubricious layer of those tubing that is used to place stents or heart valves and things like that heart valves and things like that. So, it's a very niche product. It's a great complementary addition to our delivery mechanism, core component offering that we have, right. Through Vention, we were able to bring on a very strong position in core components that help us in these minimally invasive therapies and we find this as a real nice add to it. In terms of the integration, we really like the business. The technology is really solid. As we have spent time within the business, it reaffirms our strategic thought about adding this, so we really like it, we like the people. Operations are coming along really nicely. Let me maybe turn this to -- a little bit Joe can add some color around financials. Overall, its a value-added business. It's a differentiated business. It adds to the company. It doesn't take away, so.
Joe Kelley: Yeah. Jeff, just to give a little more color, the annual revenue on this business is approximately, let's say, $20 million. And from a margin profile standpoint, it is comparable to our current ATS business.
Operator: Next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to go into the medical piece for a little bit. I'm curious about how you're thinking about maybe pent-up demand for elective products. Its obviously a pretty important business to you where it had great success over the past. I'm wondering how you're thinking about the prospects for kind of pent-up demand assuming it's not too late for some people in search of elective procedures.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Chris, it's a great question. And I think that is -- as difficult as it sounds, but that is really what people are dealing with is that you know, surgeries that are needed are getting postponed and we are hopeful. But we do fundamentally -- to answer your question -- fundamentally believe that is a pent-up demand that that we would enjoy as surgeries come up. We're beginning to see early signs of hospitals opening up and certainly trying to, you know, increase the number of surgeries. It will be a slow ramp up. This environment, as all of us know and experience, is very dynamic. Things are up and down a bit. But in general, we are very convinced that -- remember also that these are specd in products in that these, you know, they have a great amount of stickiness to the sales orders because we are specd in through FDA approvals for medical devices in our customers. So quite frankly, you know, we feel very strongly about the growth drivers are on medical are solid, they have not changed. And in the short term, we would enjoy some meaningful pickup as the surgeries come back. But we, you know, our expectations are this is going to be a slow ramp, not a very fast ramp. You know, as you can imagine. You know, till we get past this next season of flu and get past to some level of normalcy, you know, this is going to be a little bit up and down. But even with those postponement what I really want to emphasize here is that the team came in with a flat revenue year-on-year, which is very strong performance, and that's because we have, you know, our product offering is pretty strong in fluid management, as well as pulmonary therapies, which we really have not talked about a lot but there are pulmonary therapies where our [indiscernible] get used. And so, we really like medical, we continue to invest here, we still see opportunities. So, hopefully, that provides you some color.
Christopher Glynn: That's great. Appreciate that. And then my follow-up is, just, kind of, update on what you're seeing in terms of momentum. You touched along, kind of, the handset features and things like that. But for 5G, both for infrastructure and for handsets, kind of, compare contrast. And you expect that ecosystem around 5G is likely your most robust vector in fiscal 2021 at this early juncture?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. The 5G activity, the activities remains strong, projects activity remains strong. We get invited to lots of different projects where we're working on. But it is, at least for the moment, it has got a lot of promise, as we have talked about in the last couple of quarters. Lots of promise, a big circular -- secular driver for this business. But not a needle moment -- needle mover at the moment for us. But why we are excited about 5G is not only just the handset, we really want to think about 5G in a broader terms, around the base station infrastructure build out, which is sorely behind. If you read, youll really find is a lot of advertisement and marketing around 5G. But really, the usefulness of any of that only depends on -- if you are near the cell tower, right? Remember, these are fairly weak signals. So, youve got to really be almost on top of one of these things to experience this awesome technology that has come in. But eventually it'll happen. So, were excited about the base station opportunity. Its slow to roll out, as you know, there a number of geopolitical competitive things going on around that. That suddenly strains it. We certainly like all the advanced components that are getting developed so we really like that. Auto electronics will be a big player 5G because they're going to get incorporated. IoT devices are going to be another big area where 5G is going to get incorporated. So lots of different nuances to 5G beyond just the handset. But handset is probably what takes up most of the press time. So, overall good activity, still continuing to participate in projects, just not a big needle mover at the moment for the company.
Christopher Glynn: Yeah, we know it's not now but it sounds like the timing visibility is kind of quixotic, I guess.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Yeah. Its a good word to use.
Operator: Next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird.
Mike Halloran: A couple of margin questions here. So on the ATS, if you think about the sequential margins going into your fiscal fourth quarter, same mix pressures that appears to be the assumption to the same mix pressures that were there in the fiscal third quarter probably been good for the fiscal fourth quarter?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. I think, similar -- in ATS, the mix pressure will be there, is assumed to be there in the fourth quarter that was there in the third quarter based on some of the market demands that Naga just reviewed.
Mike Halloran: That makes sense. Then the inefficiencies you referenced for the Industrial Precision business, maybe some context on those and how long do you think they linger?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. So our factories initially responded during the COVID crisis and, you know, and our efforts to keep the employees safe You know, in our efforts to keep the employees safe but continue to meet customer needs, we had significant factories. While they remained open, we were precautionary quarantining several people. When you think about some of our clean rooms, we also had to put in social distancing. And so our -- some of our manufacturing processes weren't as efficient from a direct labor standpoint. And so, we've been working through that, getting the proper PP&E, the proper staffing and people coming back from quarantine. And so, we're kind of working through those kinks. We've made progress, I would tell you in the quarter. From earlier in the quarter as it relates to manufacturing efficiencies and conversion cost rates. And so, we anticipate as we get used to the new normal to continue to improve as we go out throughout Q4 here.
Mike Halloran: Thanks for that. And then, last one. The Fluortek piece, obviously, really good that you were able to getting that some M&A done. But maybe just thoughts on the pipeline as it looks from here and what the basically the ability to convert some of that pipeline looks like as we sit here today?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Mike, a great question. You know, as you think about M&A, you know, we've really talked about what is our focus. Our focus really is, you know, two big areas; scaling up medical, scaling up T&I are the two areas that we're very focused on. And if we find things that are very complementary, very next to our core, we wouldn't make some add-on. But it's really important for us to emphasize the context and, you know, our strategic rationale for anything we do will start with what makes Nordson, right, precision technology, customer-centric business model, two things that we look for. So, as we look at the pipeline, our pipeline has a number of opportunities that we continue to stay in touch. But given the environment, think about great companies that we would like to add to the portfolio, this is not particularly the time that they want to sort of transact. Meaning, given sort of reduction in their own outlooks and stuff, they're not particularly interested in acting on any of those and sort of take the wait-and-see approach. So, meaningfully, these opportunities are still existed. We're still sort of cultivating them, is probably the best way to put it. Should some of them happen to come to the market as we have been able to do with Fluortek, we will certainly act on them. But you can expect us to stay disciplined to what we feel are the most important adds to the company in the areas we're interested in.
Mike Halloran: Great. Thanks there, Naga. Appreciate the time.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning. I had a question on -- in Industrial Precision. I was way off on modeling there and my expectations were there, because we've got some tougher markets within there with auto exposure, AND exposure, you have some energy exposure. So, I'm curious why -- did this -- did the trends in those specific businesses surprised you or is the resiliency in that -- in those tougher areas -- can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing there I guess and your outlook for at least more difficult pieces?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. So, maybe let's first take the ones that are doing well and you know, so this is -- IPS, you know, traditionally has this is adhesive business that we have always been a very strong part of the company. History and the legacy part of the company and a core part of the company. A strong market leader, served number of recession resilient end markets, food and beverage packaging, nonwovens, and things of that sort. So, if you really think about that business, it has a very strong aftermarket component to it, about 50% of the market. So, really think about that piece of IPS as being very resilient. It has done well. You know, it had some slight down take but in general has done really well up to our expectations. Certainly early in the quarter, definitely helped by nonwovens in terms of masks, mask production. So, some of our customers shifting from diaper production to mask production. That's a great example. So, we benefited from some of our customers making those turns. And in some cases even added more mask manufacturing capacity we benefited from it. In that same -- in IPS, we also have our industrial end market facing businesses and those remain challenged. You know like our -- you know like any other pure industrial businesses as you think about CapEx deferrals, you know significant shut down in the automotive industry. All of that certainly has impacted those businesses. Those remain challenged. But you know, the diversity of end markets and diversity even within the segment certainly helped us perform fairly well.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Right. So, that give you what youre looking for there Andrew?
Andrew Buscaglia: Yeah, no. That's really helpful. And you know, and along -- kind of And along -- kind of, like along those lines though -- I mean, it seems the resiliency is there. But I guess in a post COVID world, are you guys thinking about any of these businesses differently? Or is there any, sort of, pruning opportunities that you can make to some of your areas that, maybe, you -- maybe your view had changed? Because it seems as though, I would think
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. So, certainly, if you think of
Andrew Buscaglia: running in the same pace.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. And, I think, if you're asking a question around own portfolio and -- so, really our approach to portfolio management is a consistent review of all product lines on a yearly basis. And we really look at it through two lenses. One is take a look at it from a growth potential business. Were very focused on profitable growth, growth potential being an important lens. And second lens really being, what is the degree of differentiation? Really, what is the profitability of the businesses? So, as you consider those, we make decisions and if you, kind of, look back at the history of the company, when things didn't add up to our expectations in those areas, we did act on some product lines. And so -- so, its a annual assessment and something that we do on a regular basis.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport. Walter?
Walter Liptak: I wanted to -- hi. I wanted to ask a little bit more about the industrial. And I wonder if you could help us understand any of the trends around -- we saw, maybe, things getting better in May and June, I think. And I wonder if with the virus cases going up again recently, if some of the cars that you're talking about around Industrial's because you see things weaken again.
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think probably, Walt, the best way to think about it is, you know, we don't seem to find industrial strength in much. You know, you either just -- it seems to have stabilized at a lower level than our other businesses, right? So when we say it remains challenged, we're not saying it is going down further. We're saying it has gone down sort of in line with other industrial CapEx businesses but has not gotten back up. If it continues today, it remain challenged probably the better way to do it.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And that's -- this is for you. I wonder, is it down because the customers are just cautious on their CapEx spending because I thought there was a higher ROI? Or is there a difficulty getting out with sales engineers into the field to sell and spec out systems? I guess is it slower because of this virtual world that we live in now and not being able to get out to customers to solve, new systems?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. I think it is really the larger CapEx spend where people are trying to sort of, you know, so think about our powder system businesses, right, its a good example. In our powder system businesses, these are fairly significant capital outlays. And so if you are an industrial manufacturer and you have some demand issues, this is probably not the time that you're going to sort of put out a capital outlay for large systems. So that's kind of where we're seeing. But what we find ourselves is that, when somebody has in need, like our mass manufacturing, which is not industrial but more consumer non-durable, In that particular case, even in this virtual world, we are able to work with our customers, able to understand their space, able to spec-in what they need. Certain customers have some pretty stringent requirements early on for actual person visit, but that is all changing. We're all learning how to work in this new world. So, some of this -- a lot of the communication with engineers and such has actually picked up because think about -- you have engineers and design folks that have projects that need to complete but now are at home and are virtually working. They have plenty of time to spend time with their salespeople. So, quite frankly, the interaction with our customers have changed and actually have increased from an engineer-to-sales-person conversations, which in the past somebody is in a meeting or somebody is doing something else. But now, you find yourself having greater touch points with your customers. So, hopefully that provides you a color of how we are operating in this environment today.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Yeah, it does. Thank you for that. And then, I wondered, just a couple of things on supply chain. We've heard about some parts shortages. You didn't mention anything about that, but I wonder how you feel about your supply chain or if you've made any changes there. And then, also, in MDS, you mentioned that four plants are doing the segmentation work as sort of a pilot project. I wonder if you could give us some -- a little bit better understanding of which segments that might be in, which factories, and what we should expect over, say, like the next six, nine months in terms of any profit improvement.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So, maybe two questions there. Well, let me first
Walter Liptak: Yeah. Two questions, sorry, two questions there.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Right. So, let me first take the question around supply chain. We didn't mention it because, you know, we had no issues, quite frankly. You know, we have a very strong robust supply chain team and process. And we have a great risk mitigation plan. All of that, you know, really played out the way we have anticipated. And so, really, did not have any issues. Early in March, we may have had a few hiccups here and there but they were all more ended up with higher freight cost than anything else. But in the past quarter really is a non-issue for us. And so, so supply chain, no issues, things running. So, everything is good. So, in terms of NBS Next, probably what is important to sort of provide you some context is that we look at NBS Next as a growth framework. And really, our pilot businesses that we have and it's equally spread among both the segments. And our expectation is, you know, we roll them out to really strong businesses. Well not roll them out to our weaker businesses. But, you know, really, it's -- the total company is pretty strong. So, among the strong, we took our best businesses because we believe that looking at this from a growth lens is more important than anything else. And so, so what these businesses are really looking at is they're using at the heart of NBS Next is really a data-centric database segmentation process and that's what the teams are working on. We are, you know, the way I would characterize it, we have a proficiency model we look at it within the company and, you know, we think of them as learn to lead and coach. And I would say our businesses are in the learning mode starting to do. And, you know, our expectation is this will play out here over the next 12 to 18 months, and our goals really are not about, you know, how do we increase the profit margin as much as how do we have the best customers facing metrics on products, quality, and delivery so that we are able to accelerate growth when the recovery happens. So really positioning business to capture growth and have a crystal clear view of what are the top-tier growth opportunities for the company and how do we disproportionately invest in those areas. And, you know, with growth we will have incremental margin improvements, you know, that could come. But the exercise is not about taking out cost as much as it is really centered around growth.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. Yeah. Good luck with the project. It sounds very promising. If I could just get one last one in. How are you thinking about pricing in this environment? You know, when do you typically do, you know, annual price increases and are there any businesses where you can get price even, you know, with this slowness going on in the economy?
Sundaram Nagarajan: We typically look at annual price increases. As you can expect, there are input cost increases for the company, you know, just given the environment we're in and maybe the inflation, potential inflationary environment that we might enter in. So we have, in most of our businesses, as you know, our margin profile, our gross margin profile is pretty strong. And that is really because we add a lot of value, we create a lot of value, and we get paid for the value. But we're also mindful of the position where we are. You know, we have you know significant premium for the value we are creating. And so, you would expect us to be thoughtful, focused around growth, you know we are focused around creating value and getting paid for it. So, you know, pricing is not the biggest growth driver for us as much as making sure that we are participating in the growth as it comes. And then not just for inflationary costs should we -- should we encounter any of them.
Operator: And at this time, I will turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you. While the near-term demand conditions stabilize at a reduced level, I remain excited about the future of Nordson. We have a solid foundation fortified by the diversity of our business and our strong customer-centric business model. Well continue to monitor this dynamic environment to ensure we're taking appropriate action to manage the business, while staying focused on our long-term objective of making a strong Nordson even stronger by accelerating organic growth, diversifying through acquisitions, leveraging the NBS Next growth framework, unleashing on a mindset, and focus on building winning teams. Again thank you for your time and attention on today's call.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-05-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to hand the conference over to one of your speakers today, Lara Mahoney. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Casey. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, May 21, 2020, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2020 second quarter results.Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until June 4, 2020, which can be accessed by dialing (416) 621-4642. You will need to reference ID number 8187700.During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions.With that, I'll turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2020 second quarter conference call. It's incredible how much the world has changed in the few months since our February conference call. We hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe. In the second quarter, our team was focused on two critical priorities, detecting the health and safety of our employees and responding to the needs of our customers. I'm so thankful to our colleagues around the world for their flexibility, resilience, and commitment as we have navigated through this pandemic. I'm proud of the Nordson team.One of Nordsons greatest strengths is the diversity of end markets, which is certainly contributing to our results to this point in the year. And during this period, all of our production facilities have continued to manufacture products for critical infrastructure applications. Going forward, our focus will continue to be on maintaining health and safety of our employees as we transitioned from working remotely where social distancing, regular cleaning, temperature checks, face coverings and other protocols will be essential.Representatives from our global teams have been coming together to share best practices and lessons learned. We're all moving forward together in a conservative manner to ensure everyone's safety. While we remain focused on actively managing this dynamic environment, I'm equally committed to moving this organization forward and making progress toward our strategic objectives. The greatest opportunity for Nordson is profitable growth.On March 30, we announced a business realignment that will make us more agile in accomplishing our strategic priorities of accelerating organic growth, diversifying through acquisition, leveraging the Nordson Business System and focusing on talent development. Today we will discuss our results in terms of our two new segments: Industrial Precision Solutions and Advanced Technology Solutions.I'll speak more about the business in few moments, but first I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed perspective on the second quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Naga and good morning to everyone. Second quarter 2020 sales decreased 4% compared to the prior years second quarter. This change included a decrease of approximately 3% in organic volume and a decrease of approximately 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Growth in the quarter related to the first year effect of the fiscal 2019 acquisition of Optical Controls was not significant.Within the Industrial Precision Solutions segment, which combines our previous Adhesive Dispensing Systems and Industrial Coating Systems segments, sales decreased approximately 6% compared to the prior years second quarter. This change included a decrease in organic sales volume of approximately 4% and a decrease of 2% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Relatively strong sales performance of those product lines serving consumer non-durable end markets such as packaging and nonwovens is offset by weakness in sales of product lines serving end markets such as automotive and general industrial.Sales in the Advanced Technology Solutions segment decreased approximately 1% compared to the prior years second quarter. This change included a decrease in organic sales volume of less than 1%, an increase of less than 1% related to the first year effective acquisitions and a decrease of less than 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year.Sales volume increased in product lines serving medical end markets and fluid dispense product lines serving electronics end markets. This growth was offset by weakness in our test and inspection product lines and fluid dispense product lines serving industrial end markets.Moving down the income statement. Gross margin for the total company was 55% in the quarter. Operating profit was $125 million with reported operating margin of 24%, up 20 basis points over the prior years second quarter. Ill comment on the segment operating margins specifically, however, in addition to reducing our compensation accruals, this quarters operating margin reflects our focus on spending control to offset the decline in sales.This includes our efforts to not only reduce discretionary spending but also defer open headcount additions within the organization. We would expect to continue with a conservative bias towards spending during the second half of the year as we monitor order trends, where our selling and administrative expenses in the second half of fiscal 2020 are estimated to be in line with our prior years second half spending.On a segment basis, the Industrial Precision Solutions segment operating margin was 27% in the quarter. This compares to 28% in the prior years second quarter. As compared to the prior year, the current years second quarter operating margin was negatively impacted by lower sales volume. Within the Advanced Technology Solutions, reported operating margin was 24% in the second quarter as compared to 23% in the prior year second quarter. This improvement in operating margin was primarily driven by product mix. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $92 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.58.We delivered second quarter EBITDA of $152 million or 29% of sales, up 30 basis points over last year second quarter. Free cash flow before dividends during the quarter was $90 million, resulting in cash conversion of 98% of net income. Year-to-date cash conversion is 134% of net income, which was positively impacted by the collection of receivables in the first quarter from the strong finish to fiscal year 2019. Our press release includes financial exhibits, reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends as well as EBITDA.From a balance sheet perspective, we had a cash balance of $306 million at the end of the second quarter, as we took a conservative position to ensure appropriate liquidity. In addition to this cash position, we have our undrawn $850 million revolving credit facility available. Net debt to EBITDA was approximately 1.7 times trailing 12 months EBITDA at the end of the second quarter. Company returned value to shareholders by investing $38 million to repurchase approximately 300,000 shares during the quarter, which is intended to offset this year's benefit plan dilution, and we paid $22 million in dividends during the quarter.In summary, our top line has held up considering the challenging macro environment, where we benefit from the diversity of the end markets we serve. Nordson team has responded in a great way in supporting our customers and delivered solid performance in the quarter. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet with sufficient liquidity to allow us to stay focused on longer term strategic initiatives.I'll now turn the call back to you, Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Greg. Again, I want to thank our colleagues around the world for their incredible commitment to our customers during this quarter. This is an uncertain time for many and the Nordson teams strong execution is commendable. Our performance through the first half of the year has been solid considering the impact of COVID-19. That said, this is an incredibly dynamic environment and it is difficult to accurately predict the impact this pandemic will have on our business for the remainder of the year.Our backlog at the end of the second fiscal quarter has increased approximately 6% compared to the same period a year ago, which is certainly a positive sign. The backlog is split evenly between the IPS and ATS segments. On the other hand, order rates have begun to soften in the last several weeks. We measure order rates in constant currency with pro forma growth in order rates calculated as though the fiscal year 2019 acquisition was owned in both years. For the 12 week period ending May 10th, 2020, order rates decreased 4% for the same period a year ago.IPS segment order rates decreased 12%, while ATS segment order rates increased 6% both as compared to the same period a year ago. Looking at a shorter period of time, over the last six weeks, the total company order rates are down 11% compared to the prior year with IPS down 14% and ATS down 7%. Though six weeks may not be a trend to forecast performance for the balance of the year, these results do highlight the volatility we are dealing with at this time. Because of these uncertainties and the lack of clarity about the duration and impact of the pandemic, we are suspending our previously announced annual guidance for fiscal 2020. Weve also decided to postpone our fall 2020 Investor Day, which I referenced in the first quarter conference call.While the near-term demand trends are unclear, I am excited about the future of Nordson. We have a solid foundation fortified by the diversity of our business, our strong customer centric business model and market leading position technologies. Our liquidity and past financial performance are good indicators of Nordson strength and resilience and the diversity of end markets we serve. We will stay invested in what makes notes in strong, innovation and our talented global organization. Our connectivity to our customers is critical, particularly in an environment like this. We will however, continue to monitor this dynamic environment to ensure we are taking appropriate action to manage the business through these uncertain times.Before we open the call for Q&A, I want to highlight a recent CFO announcement. On May 8th we announced that Joseph Kelley will be joining Nordson as new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective July 6th, 2020. Joe brings over 25 years of financial and operational expertise to the role. During the search process, Joe's experience as a public company CFO, as well as his operational finance experience met him the right candidate to help us execute our long-term vision for Nordson.I'm excited to welcome Joe to the strong Nordson leadership team that is focused on driving sustainable, profitable growth in the coming decade. Greg will be staying with the company through August to ensure Joe has a smooth transition. On behalf of Nordson, I want to thank Greg for his time, energy, especially as we have navigated this current environment. Greg, your support and flexibility is greatly appreciated. As always, I want to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for your continued support.With that, we'll pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And your first question here comes from the line of Michael Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Michael Halloran: Good morning everyone and congrats Greg on a really great run.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Halloran: So first question, thanks a lot for the context on the order side. Could you just dig a layer lower and talk about whether you're seeing any variance in the end market trends relative to what you would have talked about for the fiscal second quarter, so the non-durables and medical pieces of electronics doing well and industrial softening a little bit? And also may be put in context where you're seeing some benefits from what's happening from an environment perspective in the comments as well. Please.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Thank you, Mike for the question. Let's get started with overall the diversity of end markets that Nordson serves, certainly came through strong and benefited us in the quarter and certainly contributed to our results through the first half. As we think about the order trends, as we have talked about this, overall what we see for the total company for the 12 week period, not since total order rates are down 4%. And in the six week period, it is down 11%. And if you go further down, if you look at the IPS segment, there is really not a whole lot of disconnect between the first  between the 12 weeks and the six week order rates.And mainly what you see in IPS, if you think about the product lines in IPS, we see strength in non-durables, especially a lot of strength in nonwoven applications in making mass COVID testing kits, liquid and container product lines, so with really good strength on the non-woven applications and some product categories that you would expect in the consumer non-durable end market. But that is offset by some significant declines in large system kind of businesses like our ICS with bordered systems, as well as PPS that serves the automotive end market. So where do you have systems and when it serves industrial or automotive end markets, we do see the declines.But in general for IPS between the six week and 12 week, really not a lot of difference. When you think about our ATS segment, coming into the quarter, the first  the 12 week trends were up 9%. But if you look at a shorter period of time, really if we're down 12% and this is really, if you think about it, this weakness we have seen mainly in our electronic systems dispense side. So if you think about that a little bit more, our dispense system product categories are typically higher price and they also come in larger volumes. So what we are not able to sort of ascertain is that, is this six week weakness from trend or is it just indicative of the typical volatility we would see.So to remind you that the company is really  we use the 12 week order trend because of these CapEx cycles, we tend to use the 12 week as a better indicator. But given the environment and given the weakness we're seeing in the shorter-term, Id point you to where we've seen is really in the electronic systems. And to give you some color around, where are we seeing this trends. Mike, what we are really this trends, weve talked about the nonwovens in the IPS segment; in the ATS, really our medical product lines are doing really well, we see a pretty nice trends there. It is really all around the pulmonary and cardiac bypass machine applications, we have number of connectors and things that we use in ventilators and other applications and in testing kits as well.So we see good strength in medical applications, we have some really good applications around semiconductor for electronics dispense businesses. PC board in general is also really up, where we see weaknesses in ATS is really dispense applications for industrial end market.
Michael Halloran: That makes a lot of sense. Go ahead, Greg.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, just to lay over that, that's great color on the end market. So again, the change from the 12 to six not much in IPS and just to clarify on the ATS that was a plus six through 12 weeks and a negative seven in the six weeks and Naga did a good job of highlighting what was really the change from the 12 to six was around the systems side of electronic systems.
Michael Halloran: I appreciate that and really great color. So on the capital strategy here is strong balance sheet, liquidity is in a very good position, strong free cash flow. So how are you thinking about balancing the near-term potential challenges in the unknowns versus turning more offensive and investing in the long-term? I'm guessing on the internal investment sides and the growth initiatives, probably not a lot of change there, but maybe touch on that briefly and then also touch on how you're thinking about the M&A side, keeping powder dry for that as well as share buybacks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So let me talk about our capital allocation priorities. Really, they remain consistent, no changes there. Our number one priority is continuing to fund our internal organic growth initiatives. Just remember that Nordson is a asset-light business model, hence, we spend about 2% to 3% of our revenue on CapEx is for internal projects, we continue to plan to do that in terms of we have a good dividend policy that  we continue to increase dividend in line with our earnings, we'll continue to do that. And if you think about our share repurchases, our share repurchases are mainly our baseline strategy is to offset dilution from our compensation plans. And we intend to do that as we have seen dislocation in the marketplace, we have acted to sort of implement that strategy and that's what you saw in the last quarter.And finally, when you think about acquisitions, acquisition is an important key growth lever for the company. We want to use acquisitions to allow us to continue to diversify the portfolio we're in, but we're going to be disciplined. We want to acquire things that makes Nordson really strong and special. That is really all about acquiring assets and properties that allow us to create precision technologies that create value for our customers. So we're going to stay disciplined to that, we've clearly identified where we want to focus on acquisitions, which is really medical and test and inspection and maybe if there are bolt-on opportunities in our strong core businesses where we add a lot of value, we will certainly act.But given the environment, we are going to continue to stay focused on the long-term, continue to act on opportunities, but keeping the environment in mind. So that's sort of where we are and I could add more color if you are little bit more interested in other areas.
Michael Halloran: No, that was very helpful. Appreciate as always. And stay safe everyone. Thank you.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saree Boroditsky with Jefferies. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Saree Boroditsky: Thank you and good morning. Following up on the question on the order trends, you talked about the slowing order growth over the last six weeks. Could you just provide some color on the cadence of orders and did you see any improvement through the last six weeks. So maybe the ending week was a little bit better than the average?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. So in general, if you think about our order trend. Week to week, it is very difficult to sort of say that we could have a trend and given the CapEx nature of our businesses, you're going to find week to week changes. Broadly speaking, I would say the trends really are the two that highlighted, which is really on our IPS, really no difference. In that it is down about that 10% to  12% to 14%, that's really  that seems to have between 12 weeks and six weeks really no change.But in our ATS, we went from plus 6 to negative 7 and that weakness we really saw in our electronic system business, and there, as we highlighted, what you would see is just the lumpiness of electronic system orders coming in and you know, it would be really difficult area for us to give you an indication of the volatility from week-to-week, because we can get a large order in a single week, and really no order in the following week. So it is really important for us to look at it over a time period, and that's why the company has always used the 12 week as a good marker of how things are moving forward.
Saree Boroditsky: Thanks. Appreciate that. Yes, thank you. So I appreciate the color on the weakness in auto and general industries within IPS, could you just help quantify the declines you saw in these markets and how are you thinking about the outlook for the remainder of the year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me  Saree, let me have Greg, would you add some color to the...
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Saree, we typically don't  go down to that level of quantification just for both customer, as well as competitive dynamics. But we've got several product lines in the portfolio, from an injection molding perspective as well as from some structural dispense applications that we sell into. It's not a, it's not a large portion of the overall portfolio. We gave some color on that in our investor deck, but it's just one set of end markets that we put into that industrial bucket, where we saw some softness in the quarter. It's around 5%, 6% of the company's total business.
Saree Boroditsky: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with DA Davidson. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Couple of questions. First, getting back to kind of the order trends you've seen over the last 12 to six weeks. I was wondering if you could add some geographic depths to that, perhaps talking about what you're seeing here in North America versus Europe versus Asia including China, please?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Let me give you a broad color and then probably have Greg take you through some details. In general what we're seeing is that, Asia is starting to recover and if you think about Europe, it's still in a state of flux and U.S. is probably steadying it out. So let me turn it over to Greg, so that he can provide you some more detail on the specific order trends.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Matt, and I'll pick up Naga's color that he provided, where we see generally, the consumer non-durables, the medicals, those kind of things and each one of the geographies have held up well, where we talk about the biggest change from the 12 to the six week being in the electronic systems portion of the portfolio, most of that, we've got a lot of those customers that are in Asia and a fair amount in Europe. So where we saw the softness in the 12 versus six in that electronic systems was primarily in those two geographies.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then...
Greg Thaxton: Specific to those end markets. Generally when we think about the consumer non-durable, the medical those kind of  it has been pretty consistent in the 12 week and six week.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you for that color. And then just as a follow-up. Is there anything, any sort of conclusion to be drawn with respect to what you're seeing in electronics order rates now and what that might foretell, looking forward with respect to 5G related projects for both devices and infrastructure? Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. So let's maybe broadly talk about our electronic system business. So if you remember, in our electronic system business, we have our dispense part of it and we have our test and inspection, and both of these are larger dollar value systems when compared to, say our packaging system. So if you compare those two, so you're going to see some amount of lumpiness that are associated with this set of product categories.And so for us as we sit here today, if we did not have this macro environment, we wouldn't be talking about this near-term disconnect between the 12 week, because we would say that is normal volatility. But given the backdrop, we thought it would be important to provide you a little additional color. It is very difficult for us to see it today, that is either the normal volatility or is it the lumpiness of our order rates, which we normally see.Around 5G, let me talk to you a little bit about what we are seeing today and where we are and what the opportunity looks like. 5G in general is a growth driver for us. It is going to be an important growth driver, not only just in the mobile set, but it's also going to be in the base infrastructure for our 5G. We're going to have opportunities in IoT devices. We're going to have opportunities in auto electronics. We're going to have opportunities in consumer electronics. So it's going to be a pretty broad based opportunity for the company.The rollout of 5G is certainly slower than we had all hoped and would like. For a number of different reasons, still a technology that is getting sorted out, there are some issues around supply chains. We participate in 5G across a number of things. We start with a semiconductor, as we've talked to you about on our electronics side. We are really highly diversified across the entire supply chain. So we start with the semiconductors, where somebody is making a chip for 5G application, we certainly work with component manufacturers, who then integrate these into filters or switches or antennas.We certainly participate there. Then you have PCB board manufacturer, who assemble those components on a board, and then you have the end product application. So we participate in all of these, for 5G where we're seeing most of the activity, is mostly on Semiconductors. We're seeing some activity in PC board. We're also seeing some activity in the components. But overall, we are well positioned, but it will be a matter of timing and due to this environment, it's really difficult for us to say that this would be  long-term, its an important driver for us.
Matt Summerville: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Allison Poliniak: Great. Thank you. And firstly, best wishes. Greg, thanks for all your help over the years with understanding Nordson. Good luck with everything. Next, I want point to is supply chain, as you start to ramp or just even in production, Nordson is fully producing. But any supply chain challenges that you guys are noticing or kind of have to deal with in today's environment? Any color there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Allison, in terms of supply chain, really nothing material. We have a very robust risk mitigation and a risk analysis program with our supply chain. The teams have done a wonderful job of really executing against risk mitigation. We had maybe occasional one or two issues, which were handled fairly in a quick and expedient manner. What we have in terms of supply chain have faced is that, there were some constraints around freight, and we've had to pay a little bit more on freight. But that was just a near-term issue. In general, we don't have the supply chain issues. China is up and running. So I believe we are in a fairly, fairly strong position that way.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then you touched on it a little bit, incremental costs that you're having to deal with, in terms of managing through this environment, both internally with Nordson and you just mentioned, freight. Is there anyway to help quantify that? Is it significant or is it I would say minimal at this point? Any thoughts there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Allison, its pretty minimal at this point really. But it is a constraint that we saw early in the process, not anymore, but immaterial. Greg, do you have any additional color?
Greg Thaxton: That's right. It's not a material amount, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Okay. And then within the quarter, was there any of your facility shutdown? Just trying to get some thought around  context around that?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Not really all of our facilities are really deemed, supporting critical infrastructure and so we were working through all of this. There were one or two product lines we may not have made for a short period of time, but very limited, really no impact on our facilities.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks so much.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Alison.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: And Greg, best of luck in your retirement and congrats on the new hire. Just on the  can you just go to the mobile handset space, I think you had kind of two years off in terms of spending cycle, and I think this year was anticipated to be a better cycle, and I know there's been a little bit of delays, but just what are you hearing from the mobile handset OEMs, in terms of their level of investment kind of after two years off?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, you know to probably put it in context, right. So if you think about, when we started the past, for the company, mobile phone volumes went from $30 million to $1.5 billion, right. So a significant run over a decade, which certainly the company fully participated in and was an incredibly strong growth driver. But as you think about mobile volume growth, as you would read and have seen, there is really not going to be significant volume. What you are going to continue to see is new technology that our  new innovation, new features that are going to continue to come into the phone. And every time that happens, as you know, every change every innovation, Nordson clearly benefits from this, right?And so from that perspective, we feel good about the projects we are working with our customers, in terms of  every time there is an innovation, we participate in it because Nordson is really an innovation go-to partner, we are part of people's technology roadmaps. So what we're really seeing is, feature adds in new technologies that we are participating in. And most of those features are still on track. Where we do see some uptick is really in variables, and those are new applications for the company, and we are really participating in those. Those are sort of mobile related, but not quite mobile themselves. So I think that's a new area that we have been enjoying and we see some nice growth there.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. And then certainly the decremental is good. I think some of the  in this quarter, some of that, I think you attributed the product mix in Advanced Tech. Just kind of looking at the order cadence in ATS, how would you think  how should we think about product mix into the second half, impacting margins for Advanced Tech?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. Greg, do you want to take some of the detail on that?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Jeff, I think the way I would think about that is, as we've characterized to this point, medical has been very strong. So we would expect to continue that momentum in medical. I think that the question is really around the volatility if you will, that we've seen in the order rates when you look at that 12 week versus six week in more of the systems side of the business. And again, it's not that that six week makes a forecastable trend. But it does create in our mind, what is this backdrop doing to our customers in terms of their willingness to move forward with their projects.We're certainly working a lot of projects. We're involved in a lot of projects. The uncertainty is, how many of those will come to market this year. We feel very well positioned with project activity. It's what will hit this year. So you've got one aspect of the business that's been very strong, continues to be very strong. Where we have product lines that sell dispense into the industrial. They've been challenged pretty much through this first six months. The question mark really is on the electronic systems side of the business, what of those projects are going to go forward through the year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. And then final one on medical, I mean, it sounds like there are certain product lines or end markets that are seeing unique strengths. And one, just want to understand that what you're seeing in terms of visibility and sustainability there or is it a short-term pop? And then conversely, there's been a lot of elective surgeries delayed. Did you see any kind of negative impact from that and would you expect any snapback as elective surgeries kick in?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. So let's talk about elective surgeries first. For the kind of products and core components that we supply, we have minimal exposure to elective surgery. And so really did not see a whole lot of impact from it. There were some but very limited, right. And broadly thinking about our medical portfolio of products, really there are two sort of areas that we participate in.One is sort of core components, very critical devices, value-added devices  value-added components that help our med device customers safely and effectively deliver therapies. So that is the part of the business where you have either a pulmonary or a cardiac-related therapies, we are fully participating in, we see very good activities that continues to be pretty strong for us. We do fairly well there. We see a lot of new innovation work there. We continue to participate and that's doing well.The second half of the business really is around, really critical connectors and things that are used for lots of other things such as, a good example would be a ventilator application or an IV application. So in number of areas, we see a significant pickup and we continue to  expect to continue to grow there. But remember there is a baseline market growth that still is intact for us. We have very limited exposure to elective surgery. This business has done well, order trends in this business is pretty strong as well.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, excellent. Thanks guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: I wanted to  hey, good morning and Greg, good to hear you for the encore. Very curious on the packaging side, really both rigid and flexible with hoarding and everything going on and a lot of your customer's products in the packaging there. I'm just wondering if you're seeing a particularly constructive backdrop to create a recapitalization dynamic. If you see any differentiated points from rigid versus flexible, could that be a lagged effect of the COVID dynamic, where the benefit actually kicks in a little further than some of the immediate impacts from pockets of medical demand by contrast?
Sundaram Nagarajan: The packaging really serving the non-durable part of the company has really held up nicely for us. This is an area that we have as you know, a very strong market position and strong market leader that provides leading technology. So I would say, both parts and systems fairly well held up during this period of time. In terms of flexible versus rigid packaging, for us really, we participated in both. We don't really see a significant uptake one way or the other.But our polymer based businesses, which sort of helps the flexible side, has been helped. But you also have the overhang of automotive injection molding applications that kind of overweighs that. So our traditional adhesive packaging businesses look really well. We continue to invest in technology here. We continue to be really focused around making sure our customers are really having good productivity and certainly working on cost savings.So as you can think about it, right, in terms of your  recap of our capital positions, our businesses and our systems are such, their value is very small when compared to the savings we can bring to a customer when they improve efficiency or productivity or material savings. So really  we really liked the position we have. We think we will benefit from it. For now, it is holding up nicely. Would that be a tailwind, there potentially could be.
Greg Thaxton: And Chris, this is Greg. I would add that. Generally, if we see like we do across the businesses, if there's a change in packaging. So for example, when there has been shift toward smaller single-serve type of packaging, that's a good thing for us because that often means a recap of those lines.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for that. And then on the electronic side, I was curious, you called out strengthened fluid dispense product lines in electronics. I don't really recall hearing that product silo referenced. Usually we talk about adhesive dispense system so just wanted to flush that out.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris. This is Greg. In the past you may have heard, so for example, last year we talked through the year and suggested that test and inspection product lines were holding up fairly well where we were seeing softness was in the dispense side of our product line selling into these electronics end markets. So what we're suggesting this year is we've seen a return in that demand for the dispense side, test and inspection has been a bit softer in this most recent period. Both of those  maybe the same customer buying dispense and test and inspection. But we will often differentiate between those two major product lines.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So think about, maybe to add a little bit more color to it. If you're thinking about fluid dispensing, really what we really mean is dispensing of various different things that our electronic customer would use in a component manufacturer or an end product assembly.A good application would be in electronic type of adhesives that gets dispensed as an underfill for a chip. So that when your phone drops it does not impact that particular chip. So that'd be a good way to think about it. Another good application is that our thermally insulating materials called TIMs are dispense systems in the electronics also used to dispense those TIMs, right. So that's kind of why we distinguish between dispense systems and test and inspection systems like Greg talked about.
Greg Thaxton: And that comes into play sometimes on the operating margin line because as we've suggested in this quarter, dispense systems tend to carry higher gross margins than T&I.
Christopher Glynn: Great, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question here comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Walter.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, Walter.
Walter Liptak: Greg, congratulations. I wanted to ask just a couple of questions, follow ups on kind of the order trends and what you're seeing because relative to other industrial companies, the order declines, even the minus 11 in ATS doesn't look that bad. Or did you see any project cancellations or anything in backlog that got delayed?
Greg Thaxton: Well, really pretty minimal, we did have few push outs but not really any cancellations. So, very limited impact.
Walter Liptak: Okay. From other companies, we are hearing about systems installations that couldn't happen, because companies couldn't get access to their customers' locations, because of the virus. Did you see any of that, or is that something that is becoming a bigger issue for you?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Very limited. Say for example in an automotive plant, we've had some issues when they went to a complete hard stop. But nothing significant, nothing major for us at a total company level.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. And then on the cost side, I think, Greg, you mentioned that the spending levels in the second half would be about flat with last year, is that right?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. If you look at the spending level for last year's third and fourth quarter, that gets you in the ballpark of what we would expect to see in the back half of this year.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And I heard the CapEx, it sounds like you're not making any changes there?
Greg Thaxton: Correct.
Walter Liptak: But it did sound like you did do some cost control. So I wonder if you could talk a little bit about, what it is that you're doing to try and hold back the spending? Did you do any furloughs or layoffs, any kind of pay related cuts or cutting back on bonus accruals, because of the virus?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Sure. Walter, let me sort of give me a broad overview and then probably get Greg to give you a little bit more color and detail on it. In general, we are in a very strong position. We really want to make sure we stay invested in our innovation. We want to stay invested in our customer-centric business model. Really we want to stay invested, be positioned to participate fully and win in the recovery.So that's really an overarching theme. But given the environment, we're going to be  going to take a conservative approach to our spending levels, and we have acted on few cost control measures discreetly in the quarter, that certainly helped the decrementals, maybe let me get Greg to talk you through a little bit more detail on those aspects?
Greg Thaxton: Sure. And Walt, we did not implement any programmatic reductions or compensation adjustments. Given that, the business has held up fairly well and all of our factories are producing products. So it's the Nordson team still serving our customers needs. So we did not implement any of those kind of actions. What we did do and fairly early in the year, without knowing how significant of a downturn we would be looking at, and we feel like we're still in a period of concern. We did what a lot of companies have done.We first started with travel and then other discretionary spending items, really cut back on those kind of things and we'll continue to manage the business that way with our eye on our order trends. But we haven't done any programmatic compensation or voluntary-involuntary retirement programs. We also have focused very closely on headcount, so where we had some attrition or some open positions, we've worked really hard. If they were not customer facing positions to not backfill those positions. So we're managing spending very tightly.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. Thanks for that color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning, everyone, and congratulations again, Greg. I guess, Naga just to start off, one of the big focuses of your leadership has been, how do we turbocharge organic growth and really kind of drive that forward? I guess, any update on what the key initiatives are there? Is it further tiering? Is it increased R&D spend for product development. I guess, just any comments on how we get back to growth, as we kind of move out of virus phase hopefully?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Chris for the question. So really  for us, it has been really, really important in this period of time to actively manage the business, but continue to stay focused and remain focused on our long-term priorities. And organic growth as I've talked about many number of times, is sort of the best and the greatest opportunity for Nordson. So for organic growth, one of the things that we're working on through is really transforming our NBS, Nordson Business System, to become this strategic growth framework, through which we would really drive sustainable profitable growth in the coming decade.It's really all about, what is fundamental to this framework is a data-centric segmentation approach to growth. Really using this data-centric approach to choose and invest in the best growth opportunities, so that at every one of our businesses, we want to have a crystal clear view of what is our A growth opportunities. What is our A customers. What are our A products. And really focus our entire business around serving those opportunities disproportionately when compared to others. So that's one of the key things that we're working on.And the second part of this framework is really integrating what makes the company really, really strong, which is our commercial excellence, our customer passion, along with our incredible innovation and market leading technologies. So preserving what we've got, adding one or two things to it. In addition, I would say, equally important for us to serve our growth, is to make sure that we continue to enhance continuous improvement within the company.The company has been on a five-year journey on continuous improvement, and I come from environments where there are other companies who have been around this for 20, 30 years. So we have an opportunity to learn that, but it is all in the context of driving growth, it's not in the context of  and so where we are, we have really worked hard in the last six to nine months, around transforming our NBS to become a strategic growth framework. That's one thing that the team has really worked hard at.Second is, we are in the process of implementing this framework in five pilot businesses, to really make it actionable within the business. Over the long horizon, what we expect is a holistic, a framework that is practiced with rigor and consistency across the company. And we believe such quality of practice is going to enable really top tier growth in the best opportunities we have, continue to sustain the innovation the company does, and become really best-in-class delivery, quality performance of the company really is.So, company has done a nice job of growth. So it's really, as we continue to grow, how do we sustain that growth, and how do we sustain it in a very profitable way. And so hopefully, that gives you some color as to how we're thinking about it, where we are headed, where we are today.
Chris Dankert: Perfect. Yes, thank you so much for all the color there. If I could just kind of circle back to polymers for a moment, past several years, we've been going through kind of a manufacturing optimization cycle there. I guess, how do you feel about profitability there today? Is it executing within targets? Just any comments on further actions that may or may not need to be taken inside of polymers?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, this is a business that we have done a lot of work over the period of time to integrate in the business. We have recognized all of those savings that we had targeted to achieve through those plant consolidations. It's well on track and we continue to perform there.
Chris Dankert: Perfect, perfect. Thanks so much.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Naga for closing comments.
Sundaram Nagarajan: While the near-term demand conditions are unclear, I am really excited about the future of Nordson. We have a solid foundation, fortified by diversity of business and our strong customer-centric business model. We'll continue to monitor this dynamic environment, to ensure that we are taking appropriate action to manage the business, while staying focused on our long-term objectives of accelerating organic growth, diversifying through acquisition, leveraging the Nordson Business System, and focusing on talent development. Again, thank you for your time and attention on today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-02-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation's First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to hand the conference over to one of your speaker today, Lara Mahoney, please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Marcela. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I'm here with Sundaram Nagarajan, Nordson's President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, February 20th 2020 to report Nordson's fiscal year 2020 first quarter.Our conference call is being broadcast live on our Investor Relations webpage at investors.nordson.com, and it will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until March 5th, 2020, which can be accessed by dialing 416-621-4642. You will need to reference ID number 2468115.During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions.With that, I'll turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's 2020 fiscal first quarter conference call. 2020's first quarter performance was in line with our expectations for the quarter where sales were consistent with the typical seasonal pattern. As a reminder, our spending is generally consistent throughout the year due to our direct sales model and strong customer focus. So total company operating margin in the first quarter was also in line with our expectation. We expect sales to improve as we move through the year, allowing us to achieve our previously announced fiscal 2020 sales growth, margin and EPS guide.I'll speak more about our fiscal 2020 annual guidance in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed perspective on the quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. First quarter sales decreased 1% compared to the prior year's first quarter. Change in sales included a decrease in organic sales of less than 1%, growth from the first year effect of acquisitions of less than 1%, decrease of approximately 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year's first quarter.First quarter's acquisitive growth includes the fiscal 2019 acquisition of Optical Control GmbH. Within the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment, sales decreased 2% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of 1% and a decrease of 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year.Growth in our non-woven product line was offset by modest declines in other product lines segment in the Advanced Technology Systems segment. First quarter sales decreased approximately 1% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of 2%, increase of 1% related to the first year effect of the Optical Control acquisition, and decrease of less than 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Solid growth in medical product lines was offset by softness of those product lines supporting electronic end market.Industrial Coating Systems segment sales increased 9% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of organic volume growth of 9% and a decrease of less than 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Most product lines generated organic growth in the quarter, driven primarily by demand in the US associated with cold materials, outer systems product line.Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 53% in the quarter. Operating profit was $75 million with reported operating margin of 15%. During the quarter, we incurred approximately $3 million of restructuring charges as we realigned our cost structure within the Advanced Technology segment. Excluding this charge, total company operating margin was 16% and the Advanced Technology segment operating margin was 15%, down from last year's first quarter operating margin due to lower absorption and product mix impacts on gross margin.Operating margin performance for the Adhesive and Industrial Coating segments were both equal to the prior year's quarter. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $52 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.89, inclusive of a $0.04 per share charge related to restructuring and a $0.04 per share discrete tax benefit related to stock-based compensation.We delivered first quarter EBITDA of $101 million or 20% of sales. Excluding restructuring charges in the quarter, EBITDA margin was 21%. Free cash flow before dividends during the quarter was $102 million or 197% of net income. Free cash flow in the quarter benefited from collection of accounts receivable associated with the prior quarter revenue. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and EBITDA, as well as the reconciliation of diluted EPS to adjusted diluted EPS. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to EBITDA was approximately 1.7 times trailing 12 months EBITDA at the end of the first quarter.I'll now turn the call over to Naga for a few closing comments.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Greg. We remain committed to our annual organic sales growth guidance of 1% to 3% for fiscal 2020 with this growth being generated in the second half of the fiscal year. The incremental revenue will generate improved operating and EBITDA margins as we move through the year where we expect to deliver a total year margin performance equal to fiscal 2019 and EPS growth in the range of 2% to 6% over FY '19. We will continue to monitor the macroeconomic environment, including the impact of coronavirus in the Asia-Pacific region. Our facilities in China are operational and we expect to be closer to full capacity soon.I want to thank our employees in China for incredibly committed to serving the needs of our customers, along with the rest of the Nordson team, who supported our China employees during the difficult time in many ways. We greatly appreciate all of their efforts, and we'll continue to do all we can to support our employees and their families. Although there may be some impact on sales in our second fiscal quarter as we scale up production, our supply chain recovers, our customers resume operations and delivery schedules return to normal, we do not expect a material impact from coronavirus on our full year results.Before we open the phone lines for Q&A, I want to share a few observations from my first six months at Nordson. This is a great company that's driven by talented employees who are focused on serving their customers. While we are focused on delivering our near-term 2020 results, we are aligning our internal priorities on the greatest long-term opportunity for this business' profitable growth.To deliver profitable growth, we have four key priorities. First and foremost, we need to sustain the historical organic growth track record. We'll do this through our focus on innovation, emerging markets and new applications. Second, we need to diversify our business portfolio, including through acquisitions. We'll stay true to what makes us great, which is precision technology. This includes scaling our Medical and Test and Inspection product line. Number three, we need to implement a growth-focused strategic framework that allows us to grow sustainably. I'm pleased that Nordson has a good start on this with the Nordson Business System. With the executive leadership team, we are evaluating how we can take NBS to the next level. I believe there is an opportunity for Nordson in refining and executing on this growth framework. Our fourth priority is folks -- focused on developing a deep and diverse team to support our growth aspirations. I'm pleased with the customer focus team that we have today. As we grow, we will need more of them.I'm also pleased to announce our plans for an Investor Day in the fall, where we will discuss our long-term plans for the business in more detail. Please mark your calendar for the morning of September 30th, 2020, the event will be focused at the New York Plaza -- Palace Hotel and available through webcast. More information will be available in the coming months. As always, I want to thank our customers, employees and shareholders for their continued support.With that, we'll pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D,A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Good morning. First of all, can you maybe talk about within the Adhesive business what the organic volume outlook looks like for the balance of the year as the compares in that business get a bit tougher beyond what was an easier comparison in Q1 and in the quarter where organic volume actually declined against that somewhat easy comparison?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Matt. We don't provide guidance by segment for organic growth rate. We fully stay committed to our full-year total company guidance of 1% to 3%.
Matt Summerville: Okay. And then, with respect to maybe the coronavirus, did you see any discernible impact late in your fiscal first quarter, and is there a way to sort of frame up what you think that impact could look like in Q2 and maybe talk about how we should be thinking about the sequential earnings cadence for the company, perhaps if seasonality is pushed a bit to the right here relative to a more normal year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Matt, I think there were two sort of questions in there, I assume, right. So, the first one is around coronavirus. The impact of awareness in our first quarter was immaterial as we had already planned for the Lunar New Year and had shipments already scheduled and went out in time. We don't expect to have a material impact from coronavirus on our full year results. As we look at it today, we don't see any impact in the second quarter. If there is further disruption in the supply chain or customers having trouble getting back to capacity, there maybe some delay in orders that may get pushed out following quarter. So that is on coronavirus. And I think you had a question around earnings cadence for the company.
Matt Summerville: Yeah.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Is that correct?
Matt Summerville: Yeah, yeah. Thank you.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So, our growth is -- based on our typical seasonality, most of our growth always happens in the second quarter -- in the second half, I should say, I'm sorry. So, as we go into second half, this increased revenue will improve and will generate improved operating margins and EBITDA margins that typically have very strong flow through as we have higher sale.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey. Good morning, guys. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in electronics as you go into the heavier kind of quoting and order season around 5G infrastructure, 5G mobile and just kind of project inactivity levels going into the year. I know that's something we've been looking for an inflection.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yeah. As you know, there is a lot of press regarding 5G infrastructure, and we continue to believe that that is where we will see the greatest opportunity. The progress also on infrastructure build out has been slow and slowing. As mentioned before, we don't expect growth in our electronic business compared to fiscal '19 in 2020, that's not what we have forecasted, but our project activities continue to be robust. We are in great conversations. When that wave of 5G infrastructure hits, we will benefit from it. So, as of now, project activities are strong. We continue to be participating in a lot of quoting, timing is what it will be dependent on when those project activities convert into order. And you're right, we are at that point in terms of typical order rates will pick up to have us confidence in delivering that second -- strong second half, and that's what gives us the strength in maintaining our guidance for the full year of 1% to 3%.
Lara Mahoney: And just to add to that, 5G is an important element, of course. It's indicative of change, but we also -- automotive electronics, AI, there are a lot of different applications, which -- where we are diversified.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. And then, it looks like the US business was particularly strong in the quarter. What do you see that's working there well?
Sundaram Nagarajan: It is primarily related to our ICS business that has done well. And certainly our Adhesive businesses in US have also continuing to do well.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then, just on the second half, so I guess you mentioned some of the project visibility. But other than kind of just typical seasonality, is there anything else in the quoting or activity pipeline that gives you that confidence in kind of an acceleration as you move through the year?
Sundaram Nagarajan: No, it is our typical season seasonality. And we certainly expect -- based on our project activity and our seasonal pattern, we feel pretty strongly about a strong second half, and which we have seen in the past too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Just had a question about the SG&A was beta $9 million sequentially adjusted or unadjusted. And the last five years, typically that spend has been down $5 million or $8 million 4Q to 1Q, so wondering if that indicate some strategic imperative that your kind of front log or pipeline is mandating.
Greg Thaxton: Chris, this is Greg. I wouldn't suggest it's much of what you just talk to there. I would say that the first quarter did have a $2 million one-time cost in the corporate managed -- in the corporate expense line. So that's a non-recurring item. That corporate expense line item, if you were modeling that out, I would expect that to be more around $12.5 million per quarter than in the current quarter. If you back that out, then I think you're looking at a pretty modest increase current year over the prior year. And in the first quarter is a year when -- is the quarter when we have our global compensation increases. So as compared to the fourth quarter, you get a little bit of bump associated with our merit increases hitting in Q1. So if you look at current quarter versus prior year first quarter, it's a pretty modest increase when you exclude that $2 million one-time item.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. So that sort of suggest spending was a bit restrained after the first quarter last year, because I'm looking at -- if you carry the first quarter SG&A spend rates for the year and you get 2% top line growth and SG&A to sales would be up about 100 basis points. So, you're suggesting that's a wrong way to look at it?
Greg Thaxton: Well, what I am -- what I would suggest, Chris is, it is dependent upon that top line growth. If you assume that in our spending over prior year, we're going to have inflationary impact, we're going to have our merit increase, it's the need to generate that top line growth to offset what that dilution might deliver from spending.
Christopher Glynn: Is 1Q the high watermark for SG&A spend on a run rate basis?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Given the sales that -- from a seasonal perspective, it's our lowest quarter. That's true.
Christopher Glynn: So as you had sort of spend will be higher in subsequent quarters?
Greg Thaxton: Our spending is fairly flat as you move throughout the year, as Naga mentioned in his comments. With our global infrastructure, we don't flex that based upon seasonality of sales trends. So it's a pretty fixed number as you move through the year. So, in terms of the margin impact, it's more heavily dependent upon the top line sales number.
Lara Mahoney: So first quarter spending was a higher mark for the year.
Christopher Glynn: Sorry, Lara. Can you clarify that? I didn't hear.
Lara Mahoney: I'm just agreeing with you that it is a higher watermark as a percentage of sales to your earlier question, just based on that spend.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. I'll follow up offline. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning. I just want to go back to your comment, Naga, on just kind of looking at that growth rate mark and sort of maintaining a sustainable growth that Nordson's experienced. Any high level color there of how we should think about that comment? Is it end market? Is it different, I guess, new products, any color there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: I think the strategic growth framework is really, and I will spend a lot of time here, we are building that out as we are enhancing our existing NBS framework. It would be really -- a couple of things that I would add there. That strategic framework is going to be focused on really selecting the best growth opportunities for the company, so really bringing -- bringing forth a strategic view of where we invest and what kind of end market product niches do we want to grow win. So that would be one of the distinguishing factor that will add to the existing growth framework. And the growth framework also consists of things that the company does really, really well, which is commercial excellence, product innovation. So this new great growth framework is really an enhanced version of our existing NBS next. And it adds strategic view of what are the best product market combinations that we want to focus on. So think of that as a greater strategic discipline around where we want to grow, in combination with things that the company is really, really good at, which is commercial excellence, close to the customer model, as well as innovation leading to precision technologies that solves the best problems for our customers.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And thanks for the color on that. And then, on -- thanks for the coronavirus color. It's good to hear things are getting sort of up and running again. Have you -- I mean, are you experiencing any elevated costs as we sort of get back up and running in terms of getting components then or getting projects out as a result of what's going on?
Sundaram Nagarajan: At the present moment, no. Our hope is that the supply changes are continuing to improve as we are seeing. And if this continues over a longer period of time, then there may be some delivery that could get pushed out. But no, on the cost side, we are fairly -- we have good visibility and fairly comfortable. We have very good inventories that will allow us to continue on the path we're on.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Halloran from Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Halloran: So, quick question just on the acquisition and M&A side of things. What does the pipeline look like and some of the management changes that now you're a little newer to the scene. And then, with Greg's upcoming departure, does it change your willingness to go after things as it sits here today?
Sundaram Nagarajan: No. We remain committed to our capital allocation strategy. And our priorities there continue to be funding our organic growth, maintaining our dividend streak, acquiring in the spaces that we have expressed an interest in and focused on, which is Medical and Test and Inspection. In terms of acquisition pipeline, we have good opportunities. We continue to work them. When they come to market is something we don't control, but look for us to continue to stay disciplined and focused on what makes the company strong, which is precision technology and two areas as I mentioned earlier that we will remain focused on is Medical and Test and Inspection.
Mark Halloran: And then, anything in the Industrial Coating side that you'd point to for the strength? It seems mostly comparisons were a little easier and sequential seemed about normal, but anything in there that was unusual or just pretty normal cadence?
Sundaram Nagarajan: It is pretty normal. As you mentioned, the comps were a little easier. There were some project timing, certainly things that we worked on in the fourth quarter certainly helped us in the first quarter, but nothing significant.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time, I will turn the call back over to your presenters.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you again for joining us today, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-12-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I am here with Sundaram Nagarajan, Nordson's President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 12, 2019 to report Nordson's fiscal year 2019 fourth quarter and year end results.Our conference call is being broadcast live on our Investor Relations webpage at investors.nordson.com, and it will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until December 26, 2019, which can be accessed by dialing 416-621-4642. You will need to reference ID number 1057927.During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance, based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Naga.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fiscal 2019 fourth quarter conference. I would like to begin by recognizing the Nordson's team for a strong performance against a challenging macroeconomic environment in 2019. Throughout my Nordson's site visits over the past four months, I've been very impressed by our passion for our customers. We're focused on serving our customer's critical needs, and creating precision technology solutions that bring differentiated value to our customer's businesses. Our focus on the customer, combined with the diversity of our end markets and applications continue to help us during these challenging macroeconomic times.For the fourth quarter, we generated solid organic growth of 4%. For the full year 2019, total company organic sales were down 1%, as compared to last year, where organic growth in both Adhesive Dispensing and Industrial Coating segments was offset by softness in electronics end markets served by the Advanced Technology segment. For the total company on a full year basis, we maintained operating margin and EBITDA margin in line with prior year despite lower sales, the distraction from tariffs.I'll speak more about our fiscal 2020 annual guidance in few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton to provide more detailed perspective on our financial performance.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Naga, and good morning to everyone. Fourth quarter 2019 sales increased 3% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. Change included an increase of approximately 4% organic volume, growth of less than 1% related to the first year effect of the fiscal 2019 acquisition of Optical Control, and a decrease related to the unfavorable effect currency translation of approximately 1%. Within the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment, fourth quarter sales increased 1% compared to the prior year, inclusive of a 3% organic growth, and a 2% decrease related to the unfavorable effect of currency translation as compared to the prior year. This segment continues to benefit from the stability of consumer non-durable end markets as well as our growth initiative.Advanced Technology System sales decreased less than 1% compared to the prior year's fourth quarter, inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of less than 1%, an increase of 1% related to the first year effect of acquisitions, and a decrease of 1% related to the unfavorable effect of currency translation as compared to the prior year. The fourth quarter's acquisitive growth includes the fiscal 2019 acquisition of Optical Controls. Strength in medical end markets was offset by weakness in electronic end markets.Industrial Coating system sales increased 21%, compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. As discussed during our third quarter conference call, strong backlog entering the fourth quarter and solid order activity during the quarter drove organic volume growth of 22%. The unfavorable effect of currency translation negatively impacted sales by 1%, sales for the segment was a record quarter, and I'd like to thank the team for their efforts.Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was approximately 54% in the quarter. Operating profit was $140 million, an increase of 20% compared to prior year, and operating margin was 24% as compared to 21% in the prior year's fourth quarter.On a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing System segment delivered strong operating margin of 31% in the quarter, which is an increase of approximately 350 basis points as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. We are seeing the benefit of the facility consolidation efforts in Germany and Austintown, Ohio, as well as some improved product mix impacts on gross margin. We are pleased to see the continued progress the team is making to drive margins within this segment.Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, operating margin was 22% in the fourth quarter, which is an increase of approximately 150 basis points as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. This margin enhancement is largely driven by lower spending in the quarter, as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter.Industrial Coating System segment improved operating margin by 425 basis points to 25%, which is a record for this segment. This margin enhancement is largely driven by better absorption and lower spending in the quarter as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter.On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was approximately $103 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.76. Excluding restructuring charges to step up in value of acquired inventory, and a net discrete tax expense in the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.79. EBITDA increased 15% over the prior year's fourth quarter to $164 million, or 28% of sales, and free cash flow before dividends increased 9% over the prior year's fourth quarter, or 125% of net income.I'll now share a few comments on full-year results. Sales for the fiscal year were $2.2 billion, a decrease of 3% compared to the prior year. This change in sales included a decrease in organic volume of 1%, growth related to the first-year effect of acquisitions of less than 1%, and a 2% decrease due to the unfavorable effect of currency translation, as compared to the prior year.Full year operating profit was $483 million. Reported operating margin was 22%, which is equal to last year's operating margin, despite lower sales. Net income for the full-year was $337 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.79. Adjusted diluted earnings per share to exclude restructuring charges, the step up in value of acquired inventory and a net discrete tax expense was $5.87.EBITDA for the full-year was $587 million, or 27% of sales, equal to the prior year. Free cash flow before dividends was $320 million, or 95% of net income. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to EBITDA was approximately 1.9 times trailing 12 months EBITDA at the end of the fourth quarter. In addition to funding organic and acquisitive growth initiatives with our free cash flow, we return value to our shareholders by distributing $82 million in dividends, and investing $115 million for the repurchase of shares during the year.A reconciliation between GAAP earnings and adjusted earnings per share is included within the financial exhibits of our press release. Our press release also includes financial exhibits reconciling net income, free cash flow before dividends, and adjusted free cash flow before dividends, as well as EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA.Moving on to fiscal 2020 guidance, forecasting organic sales volume growth in the range of 1% to 3%, as compared to fiscal year 2019, growth from the first-year effective acquisitions will add 20 basis points, and based on the current exchange rate environment, we expect an unfavorable currency translation effect of 30 basis points as compared to fiscal 2019. With the sales outlook, we expect to hold operating margin and EBITDA margin equal to fiscal 2019 results, offsetting the dilution of inflationary pressure on costs.We expect fiscal 2020 to be a typical year from a seasonality perspective, with a stronger second-half than the first, and with the first quarter being the softest quarter from the revenue perspective, and our margin performance will follow this pattern, given our direct model, where we have a relatively consistent level of spending from quarter-to-quarter. We expect interest expense to be approximately $36 million in fiscal 2020, and maintenance capital expenditures to be approximately $50 million. Company's estimated effective tax rate for fiscal year 2020 is approximately 22%. Based on this outlook, GAAP diluted earnings per share growth is forecasted to be in the range of 2% to 6%, as compared to fiscal year 2019 GAAP diluted earnings per share.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Greg. Once again, I want to thank our team for delivering a solid full-year result against a challenging macro environment. As we look forward to fiscal 2020, we are taking a conservative approach to our outlook as we're not seeing indications that next year will be any better than the fiscal 2019 from a macroeconomic perspective. And though we are hopeful we'll see improved project activity in electronic end markets, convert into improved order trends, we are assuming a flat outlook for these product lines in fiscal 2020. The resilience of other end markets we serve, notably, consumer non-durables and medical, gives us confidence that even against a challenging macro environment, we will achieve total company organic sales growth in fiscal 2020.Before we move into Q&A, I want to recognize the important announcement that we made this morning. Greg Thaxton has announced his intention to retire in 2020. Greg started with Nordson in 1989 as a Financial Analyst. His sound judgment, strong financial acumen, and strategic leadership drove his success within the organization. Since 2008, he has served as Nordson's Chief Financial Officer. On behalf of the Nordson team, and our Board of Directors, I want to thank Greg for his many contributions to Nordson. Personally, I've appreciated Greg's leadership, perspective, and humor, as I've transitioned into the role of CEO. His passion for Nordson is evident to everyone who interacts with him.As a new CEO, one of the last things you want to hear is that your CFO is thinking about retiring. Greg was gracious to put his plans on hold so that Nordson could first execute a smooth CEO leadership transition. Now, it's his turn, and I wish you Greg and your family nothing but the best as you begin planning for this new chapter in your life, but before Greg gets too excited, he has committed to staying with us until his successor is identified and onboarded. Greg, would you like to say a few words?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Naga. Earlier this year, I marked 30 years with Nordson. It has truly been a pleasure to be part of such a great organization, and I want to thank all those I have worked with over these many years. With Naga's direction, and the collaboration and support of our executive team, the company is planning for its next phase of profitable growth. This is an exciting time for Nordson, and I know the company is well-positioned, and I will remain committed to ensuring a smooth transition over the next several months.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Greg. We will be launching a search for Greg's successor, including both internal and external candidates. Thank you for your time and patience during this morning's call. We will now pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and Greg, congrats on a great long run at Nordson.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: A question on medical, I'm wondering if there is any like key program roll-offs you need to transition through on the horizon, or if you're expecting consistent performance with the long-term organic view there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Chris, thank you for your question. We don't see any roll-offs that significantly impact our performance. We had a real strong year in medical with 11% organic growth, and our expectations will continue to be consistent with our performance in medical.
Christopher Glynn: Great. And then, just on the flat margin outlook for next year, understanding your conservative caveat, it does seem ADS built some structural momentum in the profitability in the second-half, and at ATS, the electronics is kind of scraping the bottom it seems, and you should have medical leverage. So, it seemed more intuitive that there is a bit of embedded margin tailwind there, if you could kind of comment on that the view?
Sundaram Nagarajan: If you look at the midpoint of our sales forecast and include some currency offset and consider that we are a direct organization, we want to stay invested in our technology development and our sales interactions with our customers, we do expect inflationary impact on our labor costs, so there is really -- at the midpoint of our sales forecast there is probably not significant improvement to our margin, but as we move towards the higher end of our sales target, we would expect positive margin leverage.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. Thank you. I will pas it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks, and congrats, Greg. First, maybe can you just give a little more granularity into demand trends you saw in the fourth quarter and kind of what the outlook is for the different pieces of ADS being rigid, you know, polymer, non-wovens product assembly?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Matt. This is Greg. Order trends within adhesives, again, that's the kind of the resilient set of end markets with the non-durables have held up pretty well, pretty short, overall short cycle lead time. So, the performance that you saw in fourth quarter and really the full year is indicative of the resiliency of those end markets. We don't go down to that product line level, but we'd expect to continue to benefit from the strength of those end markets as well as where we bring innovation to new applications and new opportunities. So that's part of the business even against these challenging times, as we would expect it's held up pretty well.
Matt Summerville: And then, maybe if you guys can just comment on what you're seeing in terms of actionability in the M&A pipeline, outside of medical, are there other areas and maybe test on the electronic side, outside of those two areas. Naga, are you looking to explore sort of other types of M&A avenues for the company going forward?
Sundaram Nagarajan: These are fairly still early in sort of thinking about it. We still have significant opportunity in scaling up our medical platform and our testing inspection platform. So, we remain focused there. There are still opportunities. When they come to market is something we can't really determine, if we ever run out of opportunities there, you know, there are always other areas we're looking at, but in and out of the moment, so
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning, and congrats Greg on the announcement today. You talked about ADS and some project, I guess, inquiries, could you talk relative to last year, are these increase picking up, I know it's tough to say if they'll move forward, but how was your feeling around this increase of projects for 2020?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Allison, we certainly still see pretty good project activity. We're in middle of all of that. As you know, we're a market leader in those applications, where our customers lean on our technology and our capability to solve problems. So, we're in the middle of a lot of activity. We have not seen them convert into order rates or our order rates have not significantly picked up, but we're right in the middle of those projects. We feel very good about our market position, and continue to work with our customers. And as and when those project activities turn into orders, you will see us adjust our expectations.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then, just -- I guess your overall feeling, I mean, do you feel like we've reached some level of stability there where your downside risk is a little bit more minimal at this point?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, if you can sort of think about what we're seeing in our businesses today is, from third to fourth Quarter, we continue to see neutral, we really don't see any downside.
Allison Poliniak: Great, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys; Greg, congrats, good to hear.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Hey. Maybe just staying on electronics, where are you seeing specifically activity levels pick up that may not translate into orders?
Sundaram Nagarajan: So, if you think about our electronic business, we are involved in a very diverse set of applications and end markets, including semiconductor packaging, product applications, to PC board, to automotive electronics, to 5G, so it's not one particular driver or the other, but overall throughout the electronics throughout the electronic supply chain, we are involved in multiple different applications, as you know, and we find that the project activities are pretty strong across the board.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, maybe you can just comment on, I think you've talked at length about 5G and what you're seeing there, and then, just in terms of infrastructure and then what you're hearing from the mobile handset guys? Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: So, as I would tell you that, you know, 5G projects continue to be in project phase and conversation, and discussions, and product development phase. Really, as you think about 5G infrastructure rollout, they are slower than expected. Probably early days now, in terms of how these projects convert into orders, but in general, you will find that our activity levels are pretty good, and we're so engaged in solving issues for people. So, we feel good about our project activity, it just -- you know, they've not converted into orders yet, so
Greg Thaxton: And Jeff, it's Greg. I would add just from, what we tend to see from a seasonality perspective, this is kind of a low point at which we would tend to see project activity for some of those end markets that you were referring to.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then, I know you won't give segment guidance, but would you expect each of the segments to be within that 1% to 3% organic, or I guess, Industrial Coating tends to be a little more economically sensitive, is there maybe a little more pressure there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: As we look at 2020, we feel good that at the mid to high end of the -- you would expect to see organic growth across the segment.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then, just housekeeping, I think you said $0.03 of kind of one-time items, can you spike that out on kind of a pre-tax basis, where would it hit the segments, or if there's -- I think you mentioned a tax item, or if anything hit corporate? Thanks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. It really isn't significant across the segments. It's primarily some restructuring charges that hit across the segments, as well as corporate, and makes up the bulk of it. So it's not enough to really move margin performance for any particular business.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Hi, good morning everyone, and congrats, Greg. So, first on the operational improvement side, it sounds like that's going well on the adhesives, maybe just some context on what you're seeing there and thoughts on what kind of actions you're thinking about into 2020?
Sundaram Nagarajan: On the operational improvement side, on the Adhesive segment, pretty much as you indicated, all of those came from consolidations that happened last year. We're through most of those. We feel like we're in a pretty good place in terms of margin performance here. I would say, really the margin performance in that business is going to be more proportional to the volume rather than any structural restructuring that is still left in the business
Mike Halloran: Okay, that makes sense. And then the follow-up is when you're thinking about bridging GAAP to adjusted earnings for fiscal 2020, at this point, and is the thought that based on what you know today, the GAAP and the adjusted numbers are about equal in the next year, or is there something -- or is there any -- anticipated restructuring or other items that you think could?
Greg Thaxton: No. Mike, this is Greg. It would be pretty much in line with the growth in reported EPS.
Mike Halloran: So, you're saying GAAP, the expectations for GAAP EPS growth should be similar for adjusted EPS growth, adjusted 2020 versus adjusted 2019?
Greg Thaxton: Correct.
Mike Halloran: All right, great. I appreciate the time. Thank you.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys, and congratulations, Greg. It's been a good run. I wanted to ask about the geographic regions, and there's -- it looks like the U.S. recovered a little bit, that's probably on the back of coatings. So, I wonder if we can just kind of review some of the geographic regions, and think about the EU, which looks like it weakens a little bit, as well as Japan and Asia Pac, which looks like they may be starting to recover, just any trends that you're seeing there.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Walt, this is Greg. I think you characterized some of it pretty well. U.S. volume really in the quarter, we saw good growth across each of the segments. Europe to a large extent is related to some softness. We've talked along throughout the year of some challenging comps within certain product lines within ICS [ph], primarily non-woven product line being up against really challenging comps from the last couple of years, and that's where many of the OEMs are located. So that's the largest impact there within Europe, and then in Asia Pacific, we're in the quarter, really some good strength across all the segments.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. The coatings part of the business, we had that slowdown last quarter, and then it looks like those shipments that got delayed came through. How did things look as you start the 2020 period, or are we back to kind of that macro overhang on coatings?
Greg Thaxton: On the coatings, you're right, the fourth quarter, we suddenly realized the strong backlog that's going into the quarter. As we look into 2020, our expectations are it's going to be GDP kind of business. Really, we're through most of shipping all of our backlog there, but we're well-positioned to deliver on the GDP type of growth rate for ICS.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. And then, last one from me, just going back to the 5G, comments about infrastructure and mobile, for those of us who don't get the visibility that you do, why is the infrastructure part of that pushing out, and is there any region of the world where there's [indiscernible]?
Greg Thaxton: So, think about the U.S. and the Europe, and just think about overall supply chain in the 5G has been disruptive pretty dramatically, because of -- trade disputes and such, and that is really a lot of project activities on a slower pace, and so, if you think about 5G technology as they transition into the phones, you really want to consider that the infrastructure work needs to get done first. Then if you back on the supply chain issues that have been created, that is really in our sort of understanding and recognition, that's sort of where there is some slowdown.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Hi, good morning everyone, and congratulations again, Greg. Did want a just quick talk on semis broadly and if you could just comment on what you're seeing at trends on tests and inspections specifically, that'd be really helpful.
Sundaram Nagarajan: On the semi, yes, we do see increased activity, and certainly we on the test and inspection side, especially our X-ray businesses, given the complexity of the new semis that are starting to come out, [indiscernible] two-and-a-half. We are starting to see some new opportunities. We are in lots of new project activities right now still going on. So, our expectation as those project activities convert into orders that we would adjust our expectations for that thing.
Greg Thaxton: And Chris, this is Greg. We've commented throughout the year that when you look at the electronic systems portion of advanced technology, it's really been the dispense platform that's been the area that we've seen the challenge against prior years. Test and inspection has held up pretty well for us this year, given all of these trends that are occurring within those spaces, and it's an area that we would expect to see some good growth opportunity going forward.
Chris Dankert: Got it, got it. Thanks for the color there, guys. And circling back to Mike's question a little bit, obviously, we did lap the duplicative costs in Adhesive Dispensing and kind of that realignment, but my understanding was there was supposed to be some additional back-end synergies, as we kind of moved away from that, or is it as you said, I mean, we just need to get volumes to really see that benefit first?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. We are through most of that, the consolidation that the period where we are incurring the duplicate costs, we were behind much of that at the end of last year and into this year. So, where we're going to see the benefit going forward would be as we're operating in a more efficient environment both from the standpoint of two facilities versus five, as well as where we've made investments in automation within the manufacturing environment, that's where we'll see the pick up, the efficiency gains in margin going forward. So, it's about pushing volume through this current state.
Chris Dankert: Understood, that makes sense. And just one last one for me, on kind of what the M&A strategy is again, as you said medical kind of remains top of mind, test inspection, and I didn't hear -- as kind of the battery ceiling and pulled material dispensing that's still kind of on the menu as an additional M&A target?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. On the battery side, we have significant -- I would say organic growth opportunities in battery, and we've made some nice progress. We've made some nice wins in the marketplace, certainly some of which you're seeing in the ICS business, but we remain focused there, but it is not as big an opportunity when you compare it to test and inspection and our medical platforms.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, we're participating in battery really in each of the three segments, and continuing to work with those who are driving the innovation there. So, it wouldn't be one that we would highlight as a target for M&A, it's more ensuring that we're funding the organic growth opportunities there within each of our segments.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Yes, I wanted to ask if the parts and consumables that perform pretty steady and in particular at ATS, as we're going through an extended period between equipment cycles for electronics, should [indiscernible] pick up in the products consumables, they're just wondering about that optionality?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris, this is Greg. On a full year basis -- and this would be kind of intuitive in a year where in some of the segments, our systems volume was down. On a full year parts, we are about 56% of revenue. Now, that's also aided by continued strong growth in medical, which is -- falls into that parts and consumables category. So, if we start to see a pick up in some of our end markets, and we're getting more system demand across the portfolio that might moderate a bit. On the other hand, we expect to continue to see medical growing at the kind of rates that we've been talking about historically. So, it's up a bit from historical, largely due to growth in the medical portion of the portfolio.
Sundaram Nagarajan: And just it's also a math, right, because our systems as a percent of 70 was down. So, it certainly, you know, but we're pretty pleased with how we are growing that part of the business, and so, our expectation is that this will continue to be a big part of while we continue to grow the business.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Yes, I'm just wondering also if you see a particular driver that kind of necessitates for better growth into electronics products, as the equipment [indiscernible] install base.
Sundaram Nagarajan: No, I would suggest that if we see an improvement in those end markets, it's going to be more about systems volume that's driving the top line.
Christopher Glynn: Got it, thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Again, I want to thank you for your support. Despite macro challenges for our business, the diversity of our end markets and our focus on customer solutions will allow us to grow and improve margins over the long-term. We appreciate your time and attention on today's call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lisa and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Lara Mahoney, you may begin your conference.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Today, I am joined by Sundaram Nagarajan, Nordsons new President and CEO; Mike Hilton, Senior Advisor to the company and Former President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Wednesday, August 21, 2019 to report Nordsons fiscal year 2019 third quarter results.Our conference call is being broadcast live on our new Investor Relations webpage at investors.nordson.com and it will be available there for 14 days there will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until September 4, 2019, which can be accessed by dialing 416-621-4642. You will need to reference ID number 5937809.During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance, based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions.With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2019 third quarter conference call. Before we discuss the financial results, Id like to welcome Naga to the call. Naga joined us as President and Chief Executive Officer on August 1, 2019 just about three weeks ago. He joins us following 23-year career with ITW. We are very pleased to have him join the company.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you, Mike. Its an honor to join Nordson. And on behalf of the Nordson colleagues around the world, I want to thank you for your leadership over the past 10 years. I appreciate the opportunity now to lead this talented team and thank Mike and our Board of Directors for trusting me with this position. I am starting to travel to our sites to get to know the business and I have had the opportunity to meet individually with members of our leadership team. Throughout my career, I have thrived in driving growth and profitability by focusing on the customer while prioritizing innovation and talent developments. Similarly, Nordsons focused on customer passion and innovation as resulted in a market leading enterprise, strong track record of growth and solid profit margin. Im using my first 90 days, to listen and understand the opportunities that will drive Nordsons next chapter of growth. I also look forward to meeting with our shareholders and analysts.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Naga. Were very glad to have you on the team. Now turning our attention to the third quarter, the ongoing uncertainty related to international trade disputes its continuing to influence customer investments in new technology and capital. This challenging macro economic environment is lasting longer than most expected and as a result capital projects have been delayed and we have had a weaker third quarter than we originally anticipated. The softness in product lines serving electronics end markets and those within the Industrial Coatings Segment offset solid organic growth from our Adhesives Dispensing segment and the non-electronics product lines within the Advanced Technology.Also during the quarter within Industrial Coating Segment, some customers move deliveries into the fourth quarter. So we expect to deliver a strong top line results for this segment in the fourth quarter. Throughout this period our team has been focused on executing continuous improvement initiatives and managing costs. As a result, they held third quarter operating margin, equal to the prior year, but adjusting for one-time charges in both years. Despite the decline in total company sales during the quarter as well as the pressure and distraction from tariffs.I will now turn the call over to Greg to provide a more detailed perspective on the third quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike and good morning to everyone. Third quarter 2019 sales decreased 4% compared to the prior years third quarter. This change included a decrease of 2% organic volume and a decrease of 2% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Growth in the quarter related to the first-year effect of the fiscal 2018 acquisition of Clada Medical Devices and the 2019 acquisition of Optical Control was not significant. Within the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment sales increased 2% compared to the prior years third quarter inclusive of an increase in organic volume of 4% and a decrease of 2% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Growth was solid across most all product lines.Advanced Technology Systems sales decreased 5% compared to the prior years third quarter inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of 4% and a decrease of 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation, again, as compared to the prior year. Double-digit growth in medical product lines was offset by softness in product lines serving electronics end markets. This is largely the result of minimal customer innovation coming to market in 2019, as well as the tension related to the ongoing trade dispute. Industrial Coating Systems sales decreased 18% compared to the prior years third quarter. These results include a decrease in organic volume of 17% and a decrease of 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. As Mike noted, the timing of system shipments can impact quarterly results and we expect strong fourth quarter volume growth within this segment.Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 54% in the quarter. Operating profit was $130 million with reported operating margin of 23%. These results include $1.2 million for one-time restructuring charges and a charge of $200,000 for the one-time step up in the value of acquired inventory. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter, excluding these one-time charges was 24% equal to the prior years third quarter adjusted operating margin also exclude one-time charges. Again this is strong operating performance in the quarter against the challenging macro environment. On a segment basis Adhesive Dispensing Systems delivered strong operating margin of 31% in the quarter, were pleased to see the progress the team is making to drive margins within this segment. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment reported operating margin was 21% in the third quarter, down from the prior year primarily due to lower sales volume. The Industrial Coating Systems segment delivered operating margin of 19%. This team has worked hard to make sustainable improvements to its operating performance and we are pleased to achieve this level of performance despite weaker sales in the quarter.On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $94 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.62. We delivered third quarter EBITDA of $158 million or 28% of sales. Our press release includes financial exhibits, reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends, as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt-to-EBITDA was approximately 2.1 times trailing 12 months EBITDA at the end of the third quarter.And I will now turn the call over to Mike for a few closing comments.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. As I reflect on our expectations at the beginning of the year. The effect of recent macroeconomic trends has had more significant impact than anticipated, especially with the trade dispute continuing longer than most had expected. Many of our end markets, such as those within adhesive segment and the medical portion of the Advanced Technology have held up well despite these pressures, but some customers are certainly more cautious with capital investment during these uncertain time. With the full year, we now expect flat to modest organic sales growth and unfavorable foreign currency effects of approximately 2% on sales as compared to the prior year. We will remain focused on continuous improvement initiatives to offset costs and the weaker expected sales growth to hold or modestly improve operating margin and EBITDA margin compared to the prior year. The macroclimate underscores the importance of our diversification strategy.Despite the weakness in the electronics end markets, I am pleased with the solid organic growth in our Adhesives Dispensing segment and the non-electronics product lines with Advanced Technology segment during the quarter. Expect that growth to continue. We also expect a strong fourth quarter from our Industrial Coating segment based on our current backlog. We will continue to look for opportunities to diversify our business. On July 1, we announced the acquisition of Optical Control, a Germany based designer and developer of high-speed fully automatic accounting systems using X-ray technology. This product line expands Nordsons test and inspection capability for electronics customers. Id like to formally welcome the Optical Control employees to the Nordson team. The strength of Nordsons position as a valued solutions provider to our customers combined with the diversity of our end markets gives us confidence that we will continue to drive organic growth going forward. We also remained focused on delivering value to our shareholders earlier this month we announced a dividend increase of 9%. This marks the 56 consecutive year of annual dividend increases, ranking us 14 among publicly traded companies for the longest-running record of annual dividend increases. We take pride in returning a portion of our cash flow to our shareholders.Before we move into Q&A, Id like to take this moment that is my  as it is my last conference call, to thank our shareholders, analysts, employees and customers for their support over the past ten years. Weve entered new markets and grown this business while holding true to Nordsons core values of integrity, back for people customer passion and excellence and energy. Its been an honor to lead this great Company. I know Naga and Nordsons strong leadership team will continue to enhance the companys great legacy. I will continue to work with Naga to ensure a smooth transition. To start to see him Greg and Lara on the road meeting with the investment community and Im pleased to pass the torch to him.With that, we pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Welcome, Naga and best of luck Mike. I just want to go to ICS for a second. You know, I know the customer delays and push outs arent uncommon in it. Any color around those push outs, any ability to quantify it. And then I guess any risk that they dont execute in Q4.
Mike Hilton: As I say there is nothing really unusual about that Id say weve had some large projects that we are ready to go in the quarter and customers just moved them back a little bit. So theyre all in execution now and will be delivered in the quarter. So we expect to see as we said a strong quarter there. So theres nothing unusual or underlying that other than just some movement of larger orders into the fourth quarter.
Allison Poliniak: Okay. Perfect. And then the growth reduction, I know you guys were looking at the mobile  the mobile Fed and some of the electronics, thats not a surprise. I guess what area I guess drove down that growth target for the year.
Mike Hilton: I would say, most all of that falls into the electronic space. If you think back to where we were in the second quarter the electronics industry in general is expecting a recovery in the second half thats really not playing out. And we were working on a number of specific mobile projects that given the grade disputes essentially all of them have been put on hold. So Id say the area that really has driven the shortfall has been those delays in the capital spending around electronics and in particularly affecting our dispense business there.
Allison Poliniak: Alright. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, thanks. Just echo Allisons comments, welcome Naga, and Mike its been great working with you. Just  besides the electronics markets continuing softening, Im wondering if any other area is starting to get tougher to 10 down, it doesnt look like anything in the quarter really. But as youre looking at things in real time. Any other demand patterns frame? Or is still pretty solid?
Mike Hilton: No, I would say if you look at sort of our Adhesive Dispensing segment, thats running along at a nice pace, kind of what we would expect. Our medical business is very strong. Our business in Advanced Technology outside the electronic space is solid. I think when we look at the end of the year well see a nice recovery in the coatings business in this fourth quarter. Lets say even within electronics our test and inspection business is holding its own, the one thats been most affected significantly is the dispense side of things, and thats really kind of been the key driver in the short term. So Id say the run rate businesses are doing strong well see an improvement in coatings in the next quarter. And were really its not expecting the electronics piece to be a drag in the next quarter, so Id say nothing else, Im sorry  in general, if the trade dispute gets worse, you could see some pull back on overall capital spending. Were not seeing that yet.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you for that. And on the guidance were flattish margins for the year are a little better, the first nine months were down each quarter obviously, but implies maybe near record segment margin performance since after the first polymer deals, wondering if youre seeing a clear path radius to have the best organic growth and margin rate of the year because, you kind of back into that with the full-year company outlook?
Mike Hilton: Well, we do expect volume to go up in the fourth quarter across most all of the businesses and we  yes, we have seen improvement coming from our polymer business as we talked about, we expected to see elimination of most of the duplicate cost this year. We have the facilities, running at good operating rates, but we would expect next year to see some additional improvement. So, I think we are in a good spot on the Adhesive segment at this point.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds great. Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Good morning. Couple of questions. First, can you talk about, sort of, theres a follow-up to Chris question. The annualized savings you anticipate to generate from the manufacturing or footprint optimization that youve completed a couple of quarters back in the Adhesive Dispensing segment beyond kind of the elimination of the duplicate of cost that you mentioned, Mike?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say, Matt, for this year we didnt expect to see much beyond the elimination of those cost, what weve said as we get the new facility up and running and the equipment all-lined out given our investment in sort of newer technology in the equipment as we load those facilities, wed expect to see some efficiency gains. We havent specifically quantify that. I think historically weve gotten questions around, can we get back  as segments back on an annual basis to 30% margins or above and we said we think we can do that. So obviously that improved performance would be part of that, but this year we werent necessarily counting on  a big step-up due to the efficiency there as we lined up this.
Matt Summerville: Just as a follow-up and two things. First, in the past, I know you dont comment numerically, specifically, on incoming order rate, but youve been willing to give at least some sort of year-over-year color if youre able to do that regarding the three businesses, what you saw through the quarter perhaps even kind of a monthly cadence whether things got better or got worse, stayed the same. And then lastly, Greg, can you just comment on your free cash flow performance this quarter versus the year ago period and maybe parse out why it was down quite a bit? Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say overall as you look progress through the quarters order rates improved a little bit, not dramatically, but improved a little bit. So, Id say our combination of what we see in our run rate businesses plus the backlog and some recent orders in our coatings business in particular, gives us some confidence in the fourth quarter volume growth we expect to see. But Id say modest improvement but I wouldnt read too much into that throughout the quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Matt on the free cash conversion will have this in different quarters in the year its really a combination of two things related to working capital. Its the timing during the quarter of when we ship some larger system sales. So, if they occur in the back end of the quarter, they are still setting in receivables. And its also, Id say, more so related to an inventory build as we gear up for expected strong fourth quarter. So, its working capital related and I would expect that when we get to the end of the year, well be back at that 100% conversion rate.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Jeff Hammond: Congrats, Mike, for a great tenure and Naga, welcome aboard.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Jeff Hammond: So just we have a couple of a, couple of things. If we can just go back to the Coating, I was trying to pin down is there a way to quantify how much revenues could move from 3Q to 4Q. Just as we try to size the growth rate in the 4Q?
Mike Hilton: Not specifically. But what I would say, Jeff, as we wouldnt have called it out if it wasnt substantial amount of revenue that was moving in some large shipments. So, it wasnt incidental.
Greg Thaxton: And Jeff, this is Greg, I would add to that, its both the timing of some of those orders in terms of when they ship, but I think for this segment we have to remember that were often talking about larger dollar system sales. So, its also the timing of when we get those orders and, in the quarter, that theyre going to ship. So its the comments that were trying to provide is to suggest that although in the third quarter alone with volume down in the direction that it was, it is were trying to suggest that its, thats not really the flow of the demand that were seeing within that segment and when you balance what we expect to deliver in the fourth quarter, its going to get you back to call it normalized performance.
Jeff Hammond: Okay.
Greg Thaxton: But what we would say is the fourth quarter probably going to be a record in that particular segment.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thats very helpful. And then Mike, I think you said, electronics, you didnt expect to be a drag in the fourth quarter. And then just this is kind of better Adhesive spend, a little more, quite and challenging this year. So just give us a sense of what youre seeing that gives you confidence that we see some kind of uptick or that it doesnt continue to be a drag?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say, part of that is a function to be frank of comparable with last year part of that is a function of, so the steady-state part of that business, there is a steady-state part of the business. The test inspection business has been pretty steady. And so really, Id say its not that were looking for a big uptick. We just dont see it going down any more.
Greg Thaxton: Of course, weve got the stability of the non-electronics portion of the business within the Advanced Tech segment that helps that growth.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just last one on the Advanced Tech. The margins, you were brought [ph] down pretty substantially, I think your incremental were pretty close to 100%. But just give me a sense and I think you said it was really just volume driven, but is that just mix rich business that is going away? Or is there something else going on there thats driving the steeper margin decline?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I think we heard all that, Jeff. What I would say is first the volume does have an impact in the short term. Secondly, particularly within the electronics part of the business or dispense business, as I said is down substantially and that business tends to carry higher margins than our test and inspection business largely because we make more of the specific components for that business [Technical Issues] versus purchasing some on the test inspection side. So those two are, Id say the biggest contributors to what were seeing there, volume piece and the mix.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thanks. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mike Halloran from Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, everyone. This is Pat, on for Mike.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Hi, Pat. Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I was hoping to maybe get a little bit more color going back to the margins, so we have the moving pieces with ICS, some of the cost initiatives. You could maybe help us, directionally by segment, it feels like maybe were expecting a little bit of nonwovens improvement and then also some EPS. Could you maybe help us bridge the gap a little bit there working into 4Q and some of the puts and takes there?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Well, I would say overall, we expect for the year to be kind of flat to modestly up as what were thinking here. Part of that improvement is going to come in the fourth quarter as our volume improves and well get leverage on that volume. As weve talked about our run rate businesses have been solid, and well see some improvement in the coatings business as well. Weve been working very hard on our continuous improvement initiatives in part to try and offset the impact of the volume decline but also the deal with the grade issues that bring tariffs into play. So, when you look at that overall in the Adhesive side, specifically to your question around nonwovens, the overall segment is growing, as weve talked about in this quarter, particularly strong in packaging and product assembly, nonwovens, is off a little bit but in aggregate, solid growth in a tougher macroeconomic.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you. Ill pass it on.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question here.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Good morning.
Chris Dankert: Looking at advanced technology from at the high level here, obviously, I think 5G is top of mind for a lot of people. Obviously, flex, circuitry is another driver, albeit a bit lumpy. But when we think about innovation that could drive change and long-term revenue growth for Nordson, I guess beyond 5G and flex, what else going to get excited in that business from a high level?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes. I would say what we see continued growth around is all electronics that will particularly, as we talked about in the past, be associated in the short term, with a lot of measures that are put in place from a safety perspective and longer-term it supports the movement to autonomous driving. Were also seeing an increase on the electric vehicle side and so particularly the battery technology although the penetration of electric vehicles is modest, but in the long run, thats going to improve and create some opportunities.And we do see some opportunities coming from 5G, we think thats going to play out over a number of years because of the need to build on the infrastructure piece to really make that effective the phone piece wont be the gating item, it will be the infrastructure piece that will be the gating item. And then longer term, there is probably some additional opportunity around all of the [Technical Issues] and so forth. I think as we look at our diversification in the segment test and inspection part is growing nicely and it taps into a lot of different markets. So, we feel good about that balance. And then obviously the balance outside of electronics [Technical Issues]. So, Id say there are longer-term growth drivers, some of which plan to medical a lot which mobile. So, well see those on the horizon of some drivers.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it. And then just kind of a follow-up on that team I guess what inning do you guys think we are in terms of tearing inside of Advanced Technology here?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Im sorry, what they want? Tearing.
Chris Dankert: The tearing?
Sundaram Nagarajan: Yes, I would say if you look at that applies, mostly to the electronics parts of our business, but there are some in the non-electronics parts as well. Id say weve got a pretty broad portfolio in both expense and the test inspection side and involves a significant tearing probably four to six levels of offering now. A lot of those are just relatively new being introduced in the last year or so. And Id say, if we look at things like our valve portfolio in our EFD business, weve got a full stack with some possibilities to continue to develop that. I think were very well positioned as customers move from manual semiautomatic operation into automated operation in those businesses. So, I think were well positioned in the short term, I think weve seen a pause here significantly related to the ongoing trade dispute.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it. Makes sense. Thanks guys.
Sundaram Nagarajan: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue. I will turn the call back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. And again, thank you for your support. Weve talked about some short-term macroeconomic challenges. But I think what youve seen is the diversity of our end markets, our focus on customer solutions have allowed us to continue to have opportunities for growth and improved margins over the long run and in the short run, our run rate businesses have done well and we expect to see improvement in the fourth quarter and some of our other businesses. So, were, Id say encouraged in a difficult market, the diversity of our business as positioned us well. Thank you again for your support and we appreciate your time and attention on this call.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-05-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to Nordson Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference call over to Lara Mahoney. You may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Olivia. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I am here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 21, 2019 to report Nordsons fiscal year 2019 second quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until June 4, 2019 which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need the reference ID number 6423748. During this conference call, forward-looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based upon Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2019 second quarter conference call. The Nordson team delivered a solid second quarter. One of Nordsons greatest strengths is the diversity of our end markets and our ability to execute on our growth initiatives. This was evident in the second quarter as we achieved total company organic sales growth of 3% with all three segments contributing organic sales growth. I will speak more about our fiscal 2019 annual guidance in a few moments. But first, I will turn the call over to Greg to provide some more detailed perspective on the second quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike and good morning to everyone. Second quarter 2019 sales decreased less than 1% compared to the prior years second quarter. This change included an increase of 3% organic volume and a decrease of 4% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Growth in the quarter related to the first year effect of the fiscal 2018 acquisition of Clada Medical Devices was not significant. Within the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment, sales decreased 1% compared to the prior years second quarter, inclusive of an increase in organic volume of 4% and a decrease of 5% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Growth was solid across most all product lines. Advanced Technology Systems sales decreased approximately 1% compared to the prior years second quarter. Organic volume growth of 2% was offset by a decrease of 2% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation again as compared to the prior year. Double-digit growth within the Fluid Management product lines was offset by product lines serving electronics end-markets. Industrial coating system sales increased approximately 2% compared to the prior years second quarter. These results included organic volume growth of 4%, where growth was solid for most product lines and a 3% reduction related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 55% in the quarter. Operating profit was $129 million with reported operating margin of 23%. On a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing Systems delivered strong operating margin of 30% in the quarter. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, reported operating margin was 23% in the second quarter, which was in line with the prior year on lower sales. Industrial coatings segment reported operating margin of 22%, an increase of 340 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by volume leverage and improved sales mix. And as with performance in all segments, this segments performance is also the result of continued emphasis on the Nordson Business System. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $92 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.58, inclusive of a $0.04 per share discrete tax benefit related to share-based compensation. We delivered second quarter EBITDA of $156 million or 28% of sales. Free cash flow before dividends during the quarter was $93 million resulting in cash conversion of 102% of net income. Our press release includes financial exhibits, reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to EBITDA was approximately 2.1x trailing 12-month EBITDA at the end of the second quarter. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a few closing comments.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. We continue to believe the diversity of our business, including geography, applications and end-market diversity, along with our ability to innovate and deliver on growth initiatives will allow us to achieve our long-term growth targets. As we look at the remainder of the fiscal year, we continue to forecast organic growth for the year though the impact of macroeconomic trend suggests our organic growth will likely be in the low single-digits for fiscal 2019. Based on current exchange rates, we still expect unfavorable currency translation effects of 2% compared to the prior year. With this sales outlook, we remain confident in our ability to generate approximately 100 basis points of operating and EBITDA margin improvement over the prior year as we continue to focus on continuous improvement throughout the businesses. As always, thank you to our customers, employees and shareholders for your continued support. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from the line of Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Chris.
Chris Dankert: I guess as we kind of move into the back half of the year here and into 20 can you just kind of breakout any kind of synergistic benefit from the plant consolidation. I know we have got some of the duplicate costs reduction maybe its $6 million on fiscal 19, but just kind of what is the synergistic benefit beyond just removing those costs?
Mike Hilton: Well, I think as we have said before, we expect to see some efficiency improvements as we go into 2020. We didnt necessarily expect to see them this year as we lined out all of the new equipment there. We havent put a number on that yet. And so I think we are not really ready to do that, but we would expect to see some efficiencies in 2020 coming from optimizing operation as a result of the consolidation.
Greg Thaxton: And Chris, this is Greg, I would add in 2019, that is part of the margin expansion we expect to see is as we kind of wind down the consolidation efforts, we expect to see some of that benefit in the current fiscal year.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it, thanks. And then on the last call, you guys had mentioned we didnt need to see an upward inflection necessarily in mobile to kind of hit the prior organic guidance range. I guess kind of whats baked into the new range and just kind of how you are thinking about mobile particularly within that guide?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, I would say, one of the things thats sort of affected us a little bit in this quarter and will affect the Q3 in particular is we really havent seen our customers introduce any significant level of innovation into this cycle of phones. So we are not counting on that going forward for the rest of the year and quite frankly that has impacted our forecast and moving that down a bit. So for the rest of the year, we are not really counting on any kind of significant step up related to innovation in our customer base.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it. If I could just sneak one in, on top of that I guess I dont expect so, but have you seen any impacts from kind of the Huawei tension, just any comment there would be helpful?
Mike Hilton: I didnt catch the last part, what did you  of what you said there Chris, on the impact of...
Chris Dankert: Apologies, just kind of impact from the tension between China and the U.S. as it relates to Huawei?
Mike Hilton: I would say, in general, I think some of the slowness in our electronics equipment business is a function of just the current trade tension. So I think some people are holding off on investment. As it relates to Huawei, I think we will need to see how that plays out. Obviously, we have said before that the Chinese mobile players are our customers, so we will have to wait and see how that plays out. But again, we are not expecting a significant step up in any kind of innovation across the board in that segment for the rest of the year and thats been a key focus of bringing our guidance down.
Chris Dankert: Understood. Thanks so much guys. Ill hop back in queue.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open.
Drew Haroldson: Hey, good morning. This is Drew Haroldson on for Matt. First off, I am wondering...
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Drew.
Drew Haroldson: Good morning. First off, I am wondering what performance in ADS was between the four main buckets in the second quarter and what its go forward outlook is?
Mike Hilton: I would say across the core adhesives business, most of the businesses performed well. You know the non-wovens was still little softer, but we are starting to see some improvement from an order perspective there. So we are encouraged, Id say for the second half of the year across all of those product lines. And some of those like in the TPS area, our longer lead projects it will have more of an impact in the fourth quarter.
Drew Haroldson: Got it. And then second off, I am wondering how the three individual segments compared to the low-single digit organic outlook for the whole company?
Greg Thaxton: For the year, we still expect all of the segments to grow some marginally and some a little bit more, but we still expect them all to grow for the year. Individual product lines arent likely to grow. So for example, our electronic systems product line is likely to be down.
Drew Haroldson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is now open.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, good morning guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Jeff Hammond: So just to be clear on the guide, is the guide  the lower revenue guidance, is that isolated to the electronics piece or are there other areas of softness that you are seeing and maybe just within that speak to what you are seeing out of Europe and out of your automotive end markets?
Mike Hilton: Yes, Id say its largely the electronics piece. Most of our other product lines are doing well and we expect them to continue to do well. Our run-rate businesses in particular like medical and EFD and our packaging businesses are particularly strong. The auto business is kind of choppy. Its been a drag for a couple of years. We dont see it having a big effect net-net on the year, although it was more of a drag in the first part of the year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on the margin ramp, it looks like your margins were down a little bit 1Q, flat in 2Q and then you still think of a 100 basis point margin ramp. So can you just talk about how you ultimately get there given where you see incrementals to get to that number?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say if you look at it, there is a piece of that, that is related just to improving the performance in our polymer business and so eliminating some of that duplicate costs and some efficiencies there. And then our Nordson  through our Nordson Business Systems we have a bunch of projects that we are working on that are, I would call in the singles category, so projects that generate several hundred thousand dollars a year of improvement. So that maybe through automation and maybe using our ability to in-source some things that we outsource, there is a variety of things at each of the businesses that when you add them all up are significant. And so its really driving the Nordson Business System piece along with improvements in our polymers business.
Greg Thaxton: And then Jeff, this is Greg. Of course, the volume growth will generate some with an incremental that we generate on that volume.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just you mentioned in Electronics, I think if you look, I think you had the really tough comp in 1Q, and I think that comps get easier into 3Q, but maybe just talk about cadence in that tech business as you see it into the back half of the year?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. So, I think when we look at the next quarter with my earlier comments, we really havent seen innovation on the customer side. The electronics piece is going to continue to struggle in the fourth quarter or in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter there is maybe some easier comps, but maybe just some commentary on the overall company looking through the rest of the year. We expect Q3 to be up modestly from a revenue perspective and we expect Q4 to be up more substantially, and the Q4 I think Q3 piece is really continued drag from electronics. The Q4 piece is really a function of long lead projects that we already have in-house or expect to come in, in the near future. And then our, the strength of our run rate businesses which would include things like medical, our EFD business and our packaging business, so that combination gives us some comfort that well see a stronger fourth quarter that ultimately when you integrate them across the year, gets us to that sort of overall low single-digits.
Greg Thaxton: And Jeff, Id just add a little commentary. In a year where it plays out as Mike suggested where we dont have the innovation in the electronic end markets you would typically see our fourth quarter being stronger, the strongest quarter in the fiscal year. So it kind of plays out that this is in line with that type of year and as Mike characterized, youre likely to see continued growth as we move through the year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. So, theres a step up in growth in all the segments into the fourth quarter or would that be isolated events?
Greg Thaxton: No, not just event stack, I mean we see real strength in the as I said in those run rate businesses. I mean, weve talked about that medical has been particularly strong. Key parts of our EFD business we expect it to be strong. Our packaging business has been really solid. We have long lead orders in place in things like our coatings and our polymer business that gives us some comfort and then we are seeing some improvement in the near-term in our non-wovens business. So that combination I think is helpful. And then, outside of the dispense side and the electronics piece; the other parts of the business are solid. So thats the sort of the combination that when you look at it, adds strength to the fourth quarter and the electronics piece is probably a bit of a drag in the third quarter still.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, excellent. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning guys.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Walter Liptak: So, wanted to ask about Huawei directly, so I dont think, one of these calls weve ever talked about a specific customer. And I know you sell to the mobile device makers and some of the Chinese mobile phone companies become more important over the last few years. But I wonder if you can give us some insight into whats happening. You have a fair amount of business out of China and obviously with trade war and a lot of the things that are in the press right now. I wonder what your view is on how thats impacted the business in the quarter and what that might do you know in the coming quarters.
Mike Hilton: So, Id say at a high level, Walter, we do think, and if you look at our geographic numbers, theyre down in Asia. We do think that the trade issues back and forth are creating some delay in investment in Asia. A lot of that linked to the electronics part of the business. From a mobile perspective, in general, as weve said, its not been a year with a lot of innovation, where it had some promise in the beginning year thats really not played out. I think as we said before, we support all of the larger and the Chinese players. So, Id say there is some concern with the latest sort of rounds of discussion and even last night there has been some relaxation as it relates to Huawei. But no one customer is significant enough that kinds of drive what we see going forward. And so, our forecast is assuming pretty modest year from a mobile business, in general. So, were not counting on it. Does this do these tensions make it potentially worse? It could. I mean, were trying to account for that, but it could.
Walter Liptak: Okay, okay. And the comments about innovation, I wondered if you can just go a little bit deeper on that. I know in the past, weve talked about 5G, and it seems like 5G is moving forward in some parts of the world. What do you think the timing is of that and what other kind of innovation were you thinking could be happening that maybe has pushed out a little?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so we typically work on a lot of projects from the November through sort of the February timeframe, and typically, some of those go forward in a year where you see significant changes in models. You see a lot of that being incorporated in a year where its pretty incremental. You dont see as many. Id say this is the year, we havent seen much at all in the way of innovation, and I think some of thats related to just sort of a lower demand for mobile phone. Some of that is, I think, related to the trade issues that are ongoing right now. So, we havent seen a lot of new investment incorporated into innovation. As it relates to 5G, there are headline news out there around 5G and 5G capable phones. But really, theres not much incorporated in the phone at this point. The driver for that is going to be less on the phone side and more on the infrastructure side for 5G to work effectively and get the benefits of it, you need a lot more localized infrastructure in place. So thats going to play out from 20 through 2021 and beyond, because the range of 5G is very short and so you need a lot, more physical antennas outside. And then, within the phones, you need fairly significant changes. So, I think its 2020 and beyond in terms of having a real impact and its going to be somewhat linked more to the broader infrastructure play. Now there is some opportunities for us in that infrastructure play too, but these are these require high density transmission towers, not like we necessarily have today you can hang all this stuff on a lamppost and everything else. But its an investment that has to happen and until that happens; youre not really going to get a benefit on the phone side. So, Id say, while you see you see advertised 5G, in effect I think even some of the U.S. phone companies had to withdraw their comments because theyre not really 5G at this point.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay, thanks for that. And then, just one last follow-on from one of Jeffs questions about Europe, the volume growth of 4.6% looked very good and I wonder if you could talk about any of the trends that are going on there, either by segment or because we hear about EU slowing in Brexit and maybe anything on like a new orders or front logs that can help us understand what the trends are like?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say if you look at the European in general coming into the year, we thought it was going to be a pretty modest growth year maybe a little bit less than last year from a broader economy. I think thats in fact whats playing out although there was some more encouraging news most recently, I think out of Germany. For us, its really a function of specific parts of our, business like Packaging that continue to remain solid. What we expect overall for Europe for Europe to be a modest growth year from an economic perspective.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review. Your line is now open.
Jason Rodgers: Yes, so I did have one follow-up on the, on the mobile side, just wondering, based on your past history, if youve seen back-to-back years were mobile customers did not innovate, just thinking about next year, the outlook for the mobile side.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, what I would say is this is a little atypical because you typically havent taken a tack here as they describe it and we really saw last year being relatively incremental and this year being fairly weak. And I do think the trade side of that is having an impact. And I think its affecting overall demand and then investment for it. So, I think thats unusual. I do think Walts prior question around 5G is whats going to be the next big driver around mobile. For us, the other thing that we have been doing is diversifying our business within the electronic space and doing more and more for example, in auto electronics and in the semiconductor side as well as driving growth in the non-electronics pieces in general industry and the medical side and that certainly helped  that overall segment helped in the quarter and will help for the year, because the other things, those run-rate kind of businesses are doing well.
Jason Rodgers: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the conference call back over to Mr. Mike Hilton for closing remarks.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. And I thank everyone for participating on todays call. Just as one final summary point, we do expect to grow this year as we have said low single-digits. We do expect to improve our margins 100 basis points. So, despite some of the challenges that are out there from a macro perspective and some of the industry-specific challenges, the diversity of our business is going to allow us to grow and improve margins this year. And I want to thank all of our team for being focused on delighting customers and making that happen. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-02-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Lara Mahoney. Please go ahead.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, February 21, 2019, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2019 first quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until March 7, 2019, which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 707-8765. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based upon Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's 2019 Fiscal First Quarter Conference Call. We entered this year knowing we were facing a challenging comparison against 2018's outstanding first quarter performance, where we achieved organic sales growth of 19%. 2019's first quarter performance was in line with our expectations for the quarter and consistent with the typical seasonal pattern of sequential quarterly sales growth. Spending to support our business, selling and administrative expenses did not vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. Therefore, segment operating margins in the first quarter were impacted, as expected, by the lower sales volume. We expect sales each quarter to improve in line with our historic seasonality, allowing us to achieve our previously announced fiscal 2019 sales growth and margin guidance. During the quarter, we delivered on various continuous improvement initiatives, including further integration of operations into our North American shared service center and our adhesive facility consolidation within Europe and the U.S. In addition, during the quarter, we continued to execute our capital allocation strategy by investing $102 million for the repurchase of approximately 856,000 shares, and we distributed $20 million in dividends. I'll speak more about our fiscal '19 annual guidance in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed perspective on the quarter.
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. First quarter sales decreased 10% compared to the prior year's first quarter. This change in sales included a decrease of 9% organic volume, growth related to the first year effect of acquisitions of 1% and a decrease of 2% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year's first quarter. First quarter's acquisitive growth includes the fiscal 2018 acquisition of Clada Medical Devices and two months of the fiscal 2018 acquisition of Sonoscan. As Mike noted, our first quarter performance was largely in line with our expectations as we were up against an exceptional prior year first quarter. Within the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment, sales decreased approximately 4% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of approximately 2% and a decrease of approximately 3% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. We did deliver organic growth in most product lines. However, this segment's performance was offset by nonwoven product line sales, where system sales tend to be larger dollar and order patterns can be sporadic depending upon new OEM lines or customer line upgrades. As noted, we were up against very challenging comparisons within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, where prior year first quarter organic sales volume increased 50%. In the current year, first quarter sales decreased approximately 14% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of approximately 15%, an increase of approximately 2% related to the first year effect of acquisitions, and a decrease of approximately 1% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Double-digit growth within the fluid management product lines and solid growth within test and inspection product lines was offset largely by the difficult comparison for the dispensing product lines associated with electronic end markets. Industrial Coating Systems segment sales decreased approximately 10% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of a decrease in organic volume of approximately 9% and a decrease of approximately 2% related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Softer demand for cold material product lines associated with automotive end markets had the largest impact as compared to the prior year. And like other larger-dollar system sales, demand can be lumpy for product lines within this segment. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 54% in the quarter. Operating profit was $84 million, with reported operating margin of 17%. Regarding the adhesive facility consolidation initiative that we have talked about in previous quarters, we incurred approximately $1 million of duplicate costs during the quarter. We do not expect duplicate costs to be material for the remainder of the fiscal year. In addition, we incurred restructuring charges of approximately $1.5 million during the quarter, with most of this cost related to the adhesive facility consolidation initiative. As Mike noted earlier, operating margin for each of the segments was negatively impacted by lower sales volume in the quarter. We expect this year's performance to play out in line with historical seasonal patterns, where incremental sales generate significant margin leverage. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $49 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.83, inclusive of approximately $0.09 per share of charges related to onetime items. These onetime items include nonrecurring restructuring charges of $0.02 per share. Additionally, a net discrete tax charge of approximately $4 million or $0.07 per diluted share was recognized in the quarter, primarily related to the U.S. federal income tax reform legislation. We delivered first quarter EBITDA of $108 million or 22% of sales, inclusive of the $1.5 million of restructuring charges and approximately $1 million of duplicate costs associated with the adhesive facility consolidation. Free cash flow before dividends during the quarter was $43 million or 89% of net income. This cash conversion ratio is typical for our first quarter. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to EBITDA was approximately 2.3x trailing 12 months' EBITDA at the end of the first quarter, where we maintained adequate capacity for strategic priorities. I'll now turn the call back over to Mike for a few closing comments.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. As I mentioned earlier, our first quarter was in line with our expectations, where sales are typically the softest. Our spending is generally consistent from quarter-to-quarter, but we typically see an increase in the first quarter due to compensation increases. We expect to increase sales volumes sequentially as the year progresses, and we remain committed to our annual organic sales guidance -- growth guidance of 3% to 5% for fiscal '19. We've forecasted unfavorable currency effects of 2%. While we continue to monitor macroeconomic challenges and the ongoing trade discussions, our customer conversations are encouraging. The strength of our diverse end markets and our ability to execute on our growth initiatives across emerging markets, product innovation, new applications and tiering give us confidence in our target. The team also remains committed to achieving the operational improvements that support our previously announced operating and EBITDA margin enhancement target of 100 to 150 basis points over the fiscal 2018 performance. As always, thank you to our customers, employees and shareholders for your continued support. With that, we pause and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: I just want to get back to Adhesive Dispensing. You talked about some project volatility there. Is it your sense? Is it just seasonality? Or does it still -- like there's something bigger with all the trade and macro concerns out there? Any thoughts?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I'd say it's just typical, maybe not even seasonality, but just order patterns can vary year-to-year. Particularly, when you think of nonwovens or larger systems orders within that part of our core Adhesives business, when you look at it, our product assembly, our packaging and our polymer businesses were up and that one happened to be down, and that tends to be lumpy. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily seasonality, it's just a function of order patterns for our customers, and I wouldn't say it's related to any sort of larger macroeconomic trend.
Allison Poliniak: Okay, great. And then kind of similarly with the technology piece or particularly electronics. Obviously, a really tough comparison. As you think about your -- how the year progresses, conversations relative to last year in terms of projects, are we still in a similar level there?
Michael Hilton: Yes, we have good ongoing discussions. And as you know, we have development projects with a lot of our customers on the electronics side of things. We're getting to the point where in the next month or 2, we'll see whether those projects turn into real opportunities this year. It's kind of the time frame where customers make those decisions. I'd say, as we've talked in the past, we're seeing nice growth in things like the electronics area. The thing that's been the swing factor has been the mobile piece, and that's still not clear yet what this year looks like. But if you look outside the electronics business within that segment, we had a really strong first quarter in both our traditional EFD business and a very, very strong quarter in our medical business. We expect that to continue as we go throughout the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Charlie Brady with SunTrust Robinson.
Charles Brady: [Indiscernible] on that last point on medical. Can you quantify how strong medical was in the quarter?
Michael Hilton: Well, we expected that business to grow on a long-term basis, high single digit, low double digits, and it's -- it did that and a little bit more in the quarter.
Charles Brady: Okay, good. And then I guess, just if I look -- I know you guys don't disclose the orders any longer, but as sort of our back-of-the-envelope calc, it looks like orders in the quarter were down about 2% on a maybe a 25% tough comp. Can you give any commentary and color? I suspect a lot of that was due to the -- on the ATS side. But just kind of order patterns or what you're seeing going into the current quarter, is that anything really -- as things flipped around particularly on the lumpiness of the nonwoven stuff.
Michael Hilton: Yes. I would say for most businesses, we saw year-on-year order increases. Overall, probably, in the sort of low single-digit kind of rates. Our backlog is up 9%, but not all that's is going to get delivered in the quarter. So I'd say we're generally encouraged by what we see and are being consistent with the overall guidance that we provided. As you know, the system orders can be lumpy, not only in things like nonwovens, but also in some of our Industrial Coatings businesses and -- so that could vary quarter-to-quarter. But overall, we don't see anything that's inconsistent with what we think the overall top line should be for the year.
Charles Brady: Okay. And then just to get one more from me. On the -- you commented about the automotive sector being a little bit weaker. Is that a function of just what we're seeing in North American auto market in terms of sales? Or is it just broader overall CapEx going into the plants themselves?
Michael Hilton: Well, I would say, certainly, what you're seeing in North America is kind of a slowdown. But I'd say even around the world, you've not seen significant growth on the auto side. I think China in particular is probably a little bit flatter than it may have been over the last couple of years. So I'd say it's a sort of a global sort of auto story, not a -- necessarily a global investment story.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research.
Christopher Dankert: Looking at the guide, you guys reiterated that today. Kind of assumes to get back to double-digit growth in ATS organically kind of through the rest of the year. Could you kind of walk us through kind of what gives you confidence? What the key drivers are there? Some of the new applications, maybe, automotive? Just kind of walk through what really gives you confidence in that guide in ATS.
Michael Hilton: Well, I think if you look at the total segment, over half the segment now is nonelectronic. A significant portion of that is medical, which is growing very substantially. And even the general industry's piece is growing nicely, and we expect that to continue to grow. Within electronics, even though I made the comment just previously about auto electronics -- or about autos, the auto electronics piece is growing nicely. And if you saw the comments that Greg made around our test and inspection business, which hit a broader market in the electronics business compared to just the mobile segments, that was up nicely as well. So we're seeing some good opportunities that come from our diversification effort in the electronics and in the segment, in general, our broader diversification into medical. So we feel pretty good about the pace of business that we see here. As I just said to Allison, the sort of development work on the mobile piece is not as clear, but that's typically where we are at this time of the year.
Christopher Dankert: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, given some of the headwinds we saw in the first quarter, is the target for the year still to get to that 30% margin within the Adhesive Dispensing, that ADS chunk of it?
Michael Hilton: I think as I said last quarter, we think, ultimately, we can get to 30%. We didn't really commit that we'd get there this year because I think we needed to complete the restructuring efforts we were talking about and then ramp up the business and improve the efficiency in the polymer side. So I think ultimately, that's our goal to get there. I'm not committing that we're going to get there this year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson.
Matt Summerville: So just a question on -- I guess, Mike, do you have a line of sight -- I heard your prepared remarks. But do have a line of sight at this point at all towards whether or not you think mobile innovation will be more of an on-year in fiscal '19 versus what was maybe a little bit more of an off-year in fiscal '18? And can you put the context in as to sort of what's embedded in the 3% to 5% organic guide for the year? Is it more of an on-year or more of an off-year, if you will?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So what I would say, if you recall in some of the last conversations we talked about what would be sort of the next more significant driver in the mobile business, and we talked about things like 5G. In our mind, 5G is something that people are looking at this year, but probably won't see a broader implementation till next year. And that's kind of what we planned for, so not a significant step-up as associated with 5G. As far as other innovations that customers are working on, there are a number of things they're working on. We don't have a clear line of sight about which ones they're going to implement into sort of mass production for the next set of mobile opportunities. And that's why we continue to diversify across semi and across the auto electronics piece and generally across our test and inspection business as well. And we've been pretty successful in tiering to capture some of the other parts of the market. So I'd say it's not as clear yet on what degree of innovation our customers are going to see this year. There's announcements starting to come out, but it's really not clear yet in terms of what's going to go to mass production.
Matt Summerville: And just as a follow-up. Across any of your businesses at this point, have you seen delays or deferrals in customer capacitization decisions, particularly in Asia due to either weak local demand in China or just due to the general trade uncertainty out there?
Michael Hilton: I would say we haven't seen any kind of significant order cancellations or anything like that. I'd say there is some concern with regard to trade, particularly the trade discussions with China. And I would say that's top of mind for a lot of our customers. That said, the most recent news is encouraging. We'll see if that -- how that plays out. But I'd say there's -- we haven't seen anything significantly canceled, but I'd say there is a concern both in the U.S. and China on that. But to this point, it's not having a big impact on customer decisions.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just a follow-up on medical. You indicated to answering another question that, that business was sort of growing organically above what you would otherwise normally expect. Can you talk about perhaps what's driving that? Is it market share related? Is it expanding that business internationally? Can you just provide some more granularity on that?
Michael Hilton: Yes. It's really around kind of the heart of what drives all of our business, which is innovation. There is a lot of new products that are coming out in concert with new product introductions of our customers. And so across the -- most of the businesses, particularly the catheter businesses, the cannula and catheter businesses, we're seeing significant launches of new products to support customer growth, and it's a continued pipeline of innovation there. And as we've made the number of acquisitions that we've made, we've expanded our portfolio, which is giving us more access to customers that they look to have a more complete [indiscernible] to support them. So we're certainly seeing the benefit of that. So I'd say it's around innovation or is in customers, and it's around broadening that product portfolio and being able to take advantage of more opportunity.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: It's nice to see that diversification reading through the electronics. I did have a question on coatings actually. In terms of the automotive exposure there, some companies are talking about reviving new platform launches in the industry after a slower 2018, independent of production. Just wondering if you concur? And to what degree that's a driver of your coatings automotive business?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I would say to this point that hasn't translated into significant systems orders. I know there's a fair bit of discussion on that. But I'd say at this point, it's not translated into orders now. Just to keep in mind, this first quarter, particularly for a lot of the coatings customers, is a time frame where sort of at the end of January, they're finalizing all their capital plans. So it's not atypical for us to not see anything launched yet because they typically are calendar year and finalize their plans at the end of January or so.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. But that does play to what -- how you serve those markets?
Michael Hilton: Yes.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. And then overall, you commented on the quarterly was -- the first quarter was in line with your view of the year. But obviously, our sell-side models were -- uniformly didn't quite capture the seasonal deleverage all that well. So just wondering if any fine point considerations on how we view the split of the first half and second half? And really any wisdom on how the second quarter bridges to the full year, given that we kind of didn't quite manage all that well the first quarter with the change from quarterly to annual guidance?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say that -- just a couple of things. First of all, I think the one thing -- I'll get to the top line comment in a minute. But the one thing that just to think through is knowing that we have sort of a seasonal business, our sort of sales and administrative costs don't typically vary tremendously throughout the year. So that's -- maybe it varies a few million quarter-to-quarter, maybe it's a little higher ultimately in the end of the year depending on how the year plays out. But it doesn't typically vary that much, which is great when we look at incremental volume and the incremental margins are going up. And obviously, if the volumes going down, unfortunately, that -- we see that as well. So I would say that's one thing to focus in on. Now on the top line, we would expect the second half of the year to be stronger than the first half. Obviously, first quarter is down, but we would expect to see seasonal growth in the second half of the year that would be stronger than we see in the first half. Our backlog, as I said earlier, is up 9%, but all of that's not going to go out in the quarter. So obviously, we expect to see improvement in the second quarter but more improvement in the second half of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Trusz with Gabelli Research.
Matthew Trusz: So within the mobile phone exposure, can you get a little more granular about what changes trigger a customer need for new Nordson equipment? So like for example, with waterproofing or 5G, there's a new hardware feature, or a fundamental change to form factor requires new gear. But when we're thinking about iterative type of model updates, does that really require much new Nordson equipment?
Michael Hilton: So if you think about the things that drive it, it's change in general. So it could be shape factor in there, it could be something like making it thinner or expanding battery size, which squeezes everything else. That's been a benefit in the past. It could be features, things like the thumbprint recognition or any other type of sensing technology. Or it could be process changes, so waterproofing would fall into a process change. With 5G, the reason that we point to that is that it'll leave more antennas within the phone, and as a result of that, you're going to have less space. But as I said earlier, we don't really expect that to be a significant change until the -- until 2020. So it could be all of those things, including process changes in the way our customers manufacture the phones. So we have a variety of different things that we're working on there.
Gregory Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. What I'd add to that is, oftentimes, when we see a new feature finding its way into these devices, we get it -- we get the added benefit of we're often working at the module level with those suppliers, either with our dispensing equipment or our inspection equipment. And then working at the assembly level where the module gets integrated into the device.
Michael Hilton: That said, one of things we continue to try to do, as I mentioned earlier, diversify across different applications, whether it's in the semi side, whether it's on the auto side, whether it's in the electric battery, batteries for electric car space. We're trying to diversify, so we're not as dependent there on the mobile phone space.
Matthew Trusz: That's very interesting. And then just wondering, overall, how you would characterize your general level of business confidence and your sense of your customers' confidence, and whether your answer today would be any different than it would've been two quarters ago.
Michael Hilton: Yes. I would say it's pretty consistent. I think as we talked last quarter, we expected global growth this year to be a little less than global growth last year. And so I'd say we're still seeing that is consistent. So I'd say it play out with our expectations. I mean, I think somebody asked earlier about trade, that's sort of the one wild card that's out there. If there was a significant trade war, well, then that would have some more implications. If the trade issues, particularly with China, get resolved in a positive manner, we could see some uptick there. But I'd say our view of the macro environment is where we thought it was going to be at sort of the tail end of last year, with growth globally but slower. And that's I think what we see today as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask -- try one on geographic basis. The Japan market's down. And I just wonder if you could -- if you can talk a little bit about the sectors that led to the decline in Japan. And kind of visibility, what would be the expectation because I think the comps get a little bit easier as you go on throughout the year.
Michael Hilton: Yes. If you look at Japan, it's all year-over-year comparisons, Walt, and it was largely the significant electronics orders that we got that -- in the fourth quarter really of '17 that -- it also came in, in the first quarter of '18. And that happened to be through a Japanese supplier although the end customers for those products were across the portfolio of mobile as well as some other opportunities. So that's -- that really explains the -- what's going on in Japan year-over-year. And I'd say the first quarter in Japan is more typical than we expect in Japan as compared to last year. So won't read anything more into that other than just what I said now. I think we have said at the beginning of the year that we expect Europe and Japan to grow this year but slower than they did last year, and that's still our expectation.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay, good. And yes, that was the next question, it's just doing the same thing in Europe. I mean, we've heard about European auto slowing, Germany. And I wonder what the visibility was like in Europe. And kind of the expectations. Those comps, I think, stay a little bit more difficult throughout the year. But what are your thoughts on some of the systems businesses in Europe?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I would say it kind of lines up with the economy in terms of just a slower growth year. I mean, you see it in Germany, you see it in France, it's going to be a slower growth year. We'll see if Brexit has any particular impact. We don't expect it to have a big impact for us. But I think, in general, it's affecting the economies. We talked earlier about nonwovens. One of the big nonwovens OEMs happens to be located in Europe, so you could see some impact there depending on how that project level comes back throughout the year. But certainly, that's had some impact.
Walter Liptak: Okay. So considering some of these international slowdown issues, when we think about the self-help that you're doing for this year and the margin improvement, what are the factors that provide that range of operating margin improvement? What does it take to get to the high end of that range? And what kind of assumptions go into the low end?
Michael Hilton: Yes. Well, first of all, I think we've talked about the restructuring efforts we had underway in the polymer part of our Adhesives business. So we're essentially through that in this quarter, and we'll start to see some improvement as we go through the year. We also had some investment in setting up our customer service -- our shared service center activity in the U.S. that'll go away. So there's a -- some -- both expense that goes away and some benefits we'll see from finishing those projects. We have a number of things that we're driving on our continuous improvement activities through Nordson Business System that we think will help from the overall cost side. And then we do expect the volume to come in at the levels that we have talked about, and we'll get the volume leverage on that. So those are the major factors that would drive the margin improvement that we're looking for.
Gregory Thaxton: Walt, this is Greg. One way that I'd characterize this is to say there's no one big aspect of this initiative that's going to deliver the bulk of it. It's going to be -- as we see across most of our years, it's a lot of singles and doubles that add up to generate this kind of improvement.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And it sounds like the swing factor here is the volume leverage that -- a number of these things are within your control, but it's -- where does the revenue come in to get leverage off of that [indiscernible]?
Michael Hilton: I mean you know our incremental margins are pretty high. So even with the -- sort of the 3% to 5% kind of growth targets that we've talked about, there's pretty good leverage on that. So you're correct.
Gregory Thaxton: But some of those comments that Mike made kind of go hand-in-hand with the volume. The point here is as we grow that top line, we believe we're going to do it in a more efficient way because of some of these structural changes that we've made.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers: Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the growth expectations by segment to reach your full year guidance. Does the guidance assume that you're going to realize some of these large system orders in nonwovens, in ADS? And then looking at the ATS segment, given that the mobile side possibly may not see robust growth until next year and then some slower growth regionally, I'm just looking for some more detail on areas of growth in addition to medical in that segment that can get you to the levels that you need to reach that 3% to 5%, your full year growth guidance.
Michael Hilton: Yes. So what I would say is a couple of things: one, we do expect all of our segments to grow this year; two, within those segments, we probably have 25 to 30 different product lines. And in any 1 year, you're not going to have 100% of them grow, and we don't necessarily count on 100% of them growing. But as we look at the various drivers across each of the businesses, we feel confident enough in the things that we're doing with innovation, with new applications and products and taking advantage through our tiering structure of new markets that we're going to be able to generate that kind of growth that we've put out there. So I think all segments, we would expect to grow. But honestly, all product lines, but that's typical of any year that we have.
Jason Rodgers: Okay. And looking at the share repurchase, stepped that up in the quarter. I wanted to get your thoughts on future repurchases.
Michael Hilton: Yes. Well, let me start sort of the high. Well, our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. It's to support the organic growth of the business. It's to continue our dividend string. It's to look to add to our portfolio with appropriate acquisitions. And it's really done to be more opportunistic on the share repurchase. And that's what we've done in this past quarter in particular, as being opportunistic around the share repurchase. So end of day, that's still our priorities. And we feel like, as Greg mentioned, that we've got capacity to acquire some additional businesses. We've got a pipeline that we're working. But you never can tell when those things are going to come to market. So we maintain these priorities to appropriately allocate the capital for the greatest benefit to the company and our shareholders.
Gregory Thaxton: And I'd add that in terms of part of that share buyback, part of our baseline strategy is to offset the dilutive effect of benefit plans. So we've been able to accomplish that with this activity.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Hammond: So just wanted to come back to the non -- I guess, the areas where you're seeing lumpiness, I guess the nonwovens and then the pieces of coatings. Can you just talk about what you saw in terms of order activity in coating that kind of give you confidence you'll get maybe some good lumpiness back as you move through the year?
Michael Hilton: Yes. What I would say is we've got activities going across all of those businesses and product lines around the globe. We just can't necessarily predict when customers are going to place orders. I would say, on the auto side, it's been softer for a while. And so we're not necessarily counting on that to step up in a big way. We have our normal run rate business that comes from our installed base there in the parts and consumables and smaller projects. I'm not sure that we're betting on significant large platforms to come through in the year. And I'd say, on the nonwovens, we've had really strong years over the last 3 or 4 years, and we'll continue to have some opportunities here this year. But it's kind of hard to place the timing on those things because they tend also to be also shorter delivery-type projects as well. What's important -- let me just add what's important is, as we -- as I mentioned earlier, we've got a lot of different product lines going into a lot of different markets and applications and this one is a little softer. We expect some others to pick up, and we've highlighted a few so far.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, great. And then just kind of back on the cadence question. As we head into 2Q, do you find 2Q kind of at least kind of falls into the range of the full year kind of growth guidance?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So what we've said is we expect, sequentially, for things to pick up and the second half to be stronger than the first half and some improvement in the second quarter. So yes, we expect some positive improvement in the second quarter. But as we -- as I commented earlier, with our backlog up 9%, we don't necessarily expect that to translate into the quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mike Hilton for any further remarks.
Michael Hilton: I'd just say thank you to all of those who have participated today and continue to support Nordson. And thank you to our global team for continuing to delight our customers.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-12-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call will be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Lara Mahoney. You may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning. This is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. I am here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 13, 2018 to report Nordsons fiscal year 2018 fourth quarter and full year results and our fiscal year 2019 outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investor-relations and will be available there for 14 days and at nordson.com/investors. There also will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until Thursday, December 20, 2018 which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 6659799. During this conference call, forward-looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Lara and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons fiscal 2018 fourth quarter and full year conference call. I would like to begin by recognizing our global team who have delivered another record year of sales, operating profit, GAAP diluted earnings per share and EBITDA. Our performance highlights are continued commitment to delivering the best technology solutions to our customers and to generating growth through innovation and superior customer service. For the full fiscal year of 2018, sales were $2.3 billion, an increase of 9% compared to the same period a year ago. This included organic sales growth of nearly 2.5% in the current year against two challenging prior fiscal year comparisons where we generated robust organic sales of 8% and 7% in 2017 and 16 respectively. Specific to the fourth quarter and in line with our prior guidance, sales were $569 million, a 1% decrease compared to the prior years fourth quarter. Operating profit in the quarter was $115 million or 20% of sales. Excluding restructuring charges in the quarter, operating margin was 21%. The fourth quarters performance included several long-term investments that will ultimately yield benefits to our customers and shareholders. These investments included the previously announced facility consolidation efforts in the adhesive segment where we are consolidating facilities in both the United States and Germany. Other notable investments during the quarter included the continued build-out of our centralized shared service center in the United States and an ERP conversion that brings several of our advanced technology systems product lines on to our common operating platforms to support that centralized shared service. EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $143 million or 25% of sales or 26% excluding restructuring charges of $3 million. Free cash flow before dividends increased 5% over the prior year to $118 million, which reflects strong cash conversion of 136% of net income. I will speak more about our fiscal 2019 annual guidance in a few moments. But I first turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed perspective on the fourth quarter and full year of 2018.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike and good morning to everyone. Fourth quarter sales decreased 1% compared to the prior years fourth quarter. This change in sales included a decrease of 1% in organic volume, growth related to the first year effect of acquisitions of approximately 1% and a decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior years fourth quarter of 1%. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, organic volume increased 3% over last years fourth quarter. We are pleased with the pace of our end-markets as well as growth in new applications and within our tiering strategy. Within the Advanced Technology System segment, organic volume decreased 2% against challenging organic volume growth comparisons of 4% and 30% in the fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016 respectively. With the exception of those product lines facing the most challenging comparisons to the prior year namely dispense and surface treatment product lines serving electronic end markets, demand was robust during the quarter for test and inspection and fluid management product lines, notably medical components. Within the Industrial Coatings segment, organic volume declined 7%, mostly related to automotive platform sales that did not repeat from the prior year. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 54% in the quarter. Operating profit was $115 million with reported operating margin of 20% in the current quarter. As Mike noted adjusted total company operating margin to exclude restructuring charges was 21%. And Mike also talked about other entity level initiatives that impacted spending in the quarter that will provide future performance benefits. Specific to the adhesive facility consolidation initiative, we incurred approximately $1 million of duplicate cost during the quarter and approximately $8 million for the full fiscal year. We expect to be mostly complete with this project by the end of the calendar year with minimal duplicate cost of about $1 million during the first quarter of fiscal 2019 for both the U.S. and Germany consolidation efforts. On a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered strong operating margin of 27% in the quarter or 28% when excluding restructuring charges of $2 million related to this facility consolidation. This adjusted fourth quarter margin performance was equal to the prior years fourth quarter. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment operating margin was 20% in the fourth quarter as compared to prior years fourth quarter margin, lower sales volume, acquisition dilution, product mix and higher spending contributed to the margin decline. Industrial Coatings segment operating margin was 20%, an improvement of 200 basis points despite a decline in sales volume. This is a result of product mix and the segments continuous improvement initiatives. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $87 million and GAAP diluted earnings were $1.47 per share. The current quarter included restructuring charges of $0.04 per share and discrete tax benefits of $0.07 per share. Adjusted EPS to exclude these one-time items was $1.44. A reconciliation of GAAP earnings per share to non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share is included in the financial exhibits of our press release. We delivered fourth quarter EBITDA of $143 million or 25% of sales, inclusive of $3 million of restructuring charges. As Mike noted previously, free cash flow before dividends during the quarter was $118 million or 136% of net income. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. I will now share a few comments on our full year results. Sales for the fiscal year were $2.3 billion, an increase of 9% compared to the same period a year ago. This change in sales included organic volume growth of nearly 2.5%, a 5% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions and a 2% increase due to the favorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Full year operating profit was $495 million, which is an increase of 8% compared to the prior year. Reported operating margin was 22% or 23% on an adjusted basis to add back $10 million of incremental intangible asset amortization expense related to our fiscal 2018 and 17 acquisitions and adding back $10 million of one-time charges for restructuring and a step-up in value of acquired inventory. This performance is equal to the prior years adjusted operating margin to add back charges of $20 million associated with the Vention transaction cost, the step up in value of acquired inventory and restructuring charges. Net income for the full year was $377 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $6.40. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 11% compared to the prior year to $5.94. A reconciliation between GAAP earnings and adjusted earnings per share is included with the financial exhibits to our press release. EBITDA for the full year increased 11% to $605 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 8% to $609 million both compared to the prior year. EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA margin were both 27% of sales. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to EBITDA was 2x trailing 12 months EBITDA at the end of the fiscal year. In addition to funding organic and acquisitive growth initiatives with our strong free cash flow, Nordson returned value to its shareholders by distributing $72 million in dividends in fiscal year 2018 and investing $19 million for the repurchase of shares during the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Mike for a few closing comments and our fiscal 2019 annual guidance.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Once again, I want to thank our team for delivering solid full year results. In a very challenging prior year sales growth comparisons, we were able to hold operating margins steady after you adjust for incremental, intangible, amortization expense and certain one-time charges. We also grew EBITDA by 11% over fiscal 2017 inclusive of the strategic investments I spoke about earlier, which we believe will allow us to deliver improved performance going forward. In addition to executing on our financial targets, we took another step forward in growing our medical expertise by acquiring Clada Medical Devices in October. Clada is a Galway, Ireland-based design and development operation primarily focused on medical balloons and balloon catheters. These technologies are used in key applications such as angioplasty and the treatment of vascular disease. Clada has a successful track record of innovation, quality and customer focus, which makes it a great fit within our medical product portfolio. We also continued our legacy of investing a portion of our success into the communities where we live and work and we reach significant milestones in 2018. Since its inception, Nordson has given more than $100 million through a variety of charitable initiatives and our employees have volunteered nearly 100,000 hours. Thats quite an impact and something we are very proud of. Now, I will turn to our focus to fiscal 2019. After much thought and external benchmarking, we made the decision to transition from providing quarterly guidance to annual guidance. There is certainly a growing consensus in the market about the positive effects of doing so and we believe investors are best served by focusing on our longer term performance. Our quarterly guidance can create noise that distracts from the overall strength of the business. To emphasize our long-term annual growth, we have added a new exhibit to our press release that illustrates the companys consistent annual organic sales growth. For the full fiscal year 2019, organic sales volume is expected to increase in the range of 3% to 5% compared to fiscal 2018 offset by an unfavorable currency translation effect of 2% based on the current exchange rate environment as compared to the prior year. We recognized that we will face a challenging comparison in the first quarter. However, we are forecasting the strength and diversity of our end-markets, our ability to execute on our growth initiatives will enable another year of solid organic sales growth. With this sales growth and our focus on executing the Nordson business system, we expect to generate an increase in both operating margin and EBITDA margin between 100 basis points and 150 basis points over fiscal 2018 performance. To be clear, this improvement will be over adjusted fiscal 2018 results to add back charges of $3 million related to short-term purchase accounting for the step up in the value of acquired inventory and approximately $7 million of restructuring charges. For fiscal 2019, the company expects interest expense to be approximately $45 million and maintenance capital expenditures to be approximately $50 million. The companys forecasted effective tax rate is approximately 23%. Our strategic priorities for the year remain consistent with prior years. Were focused on accelerating organic growth, diversifying our end-markets through acquisitions and optimizing Nordson for the future. As always thank you to our customers, employees, and shareholders for your continued support. With that, well pause and now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Allison.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak: Greg, you had called out a number of headwinds to margin on ATS. Could you maybe help us understand or bucket or if you think can quantify it, what was the biggest impact there?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Allison, Id say the bigger impact if you take a point out related to the dilution from our acquisitions, the larger impact would have been the margin mix, where what was down in sales in this quarter versus a robust prior year were our dispensing product lines that tend to carry higher gross margins than some of the other product lines do. So that was a big impact in the quarter.
Mike Hilton: And to be clear, the other product lines were up.
Greg Thaxton: Right.
Allison Poliniak: Got it.
Greg Thaxton: Now, there was also some spending that was up over the prior year, some of the initiatives that we called out like the conversion onto one of our common platforms were product lines within that segment. So during the quarter we had some readiness for that conversion, which took place at the beginning of this fiscal year. So there was some spend  incremental spend that also impacted it, but Id say, the larger items were those first two.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then within the context of your full-year organic guide, just given the comparisons in the first half, should we assume this is a much more second half weighted growth story for Nordson?
Mike Hilton: Yes, Allison, if you look at it, we expect this year to be more of the typical seasonal year wed see with sort of the softer first quarter picking up in the second and the stronger second half. Momentum in the business is encouraging, but Id say thats a typical seasonal pattern that we would expect.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, thanks, good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: You talked about normal seasonality next year picking up on the seasonal trend, the ATS revenue was pretty moderate within the variable range of seasonality into fourth quarter. Just wondering if the electronics was more resilient than you expected in the quarter?
Mike Hilton: In the fourth quarter?
Christopher Glynn: Yes, for ATS. The organics was little better than we thought.
Mike Hilton: Id say, electronics came in about as we expected. As Greg mentioned earlier, we had  still has some tough comparisons on the dispense side, the test inspection did well. But our diversification efforts outside of electronics really played out in that segment with both our EFD product lines and especially, our medical product lines being particularly strong in the quarter to offset some of that impact. So Id say its been more  it was more around the other parts of the segment than the electronics piece.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then, I know its always a tough one to call, but curious to your latest thoughts on kind of the latency period if thats the right description into drivers of future changes in your field work across the mobile vertical?
Mike Hilton: Yes, Id say, it still will 
Christopher Glynn: Just for kind of the next wave.
Mike Hilton: Yes, Id say its still little early. I think as weve talked about in the past, its usually kind of from November through probably February even early March, where we do all these development programs and then get a sense of what the change is. As weve talked before, we think the next bigger change is going to come with 5G. What isnt clear is whether thats a 19 or 20 phenomenon at this point. But what I would say is, I mentioned just a second ago is, we feel good about the things that were doing in diversifying both the electronics, so growth in auto, the test inspection business, but particularly in the general industries areas, the EFD product lines support as well as medical, which is strong. And then outside of that, our typical focus on innovation in both adhesives and the coatings business to get into new markets and applications, and were using tiering effectively as well to expand our geographic reach and things like building our business in India and in Vietnam, in Thailand and entering Africa. So we feel good  Id say good about all the other things as well particularly our diversification effort.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds good. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Halloran: So lets start on the margin expansion year-over-year. Could you just help provide some buckets on how youre going to get to the 100 basis points, 150 basis points, how much of it is stranded costs and things you incurred in 2018 that dont repeat in fiscal 19? How much of it is benefits from things that youve implemented in fiscal 18 that you should see savings or improvement from and then how much is volume or any other buckets you think I might be missing?
Greg Thaxton: Sure. Okay, Mike, this is Greg. Ill take a stab at that and Mike can then add comments. Certainly, a portion of that improvement is going to come from some of the duplicate costs that weve called out associated with the adhesive facility consolidations. So maybe thats 40 basis points, maybe slightly less. Well have a little bit of some costs here in the first quarter, but call it 40 basis points there. But beyond that then, we do expect to get benefit out of this transition to our shared service center here in the United States, where weve got a bit of some cost overlap as weve stood up this facility, and we expect to get some of the benefits out of that in 2019 and beyond as we continue to grow and are better able then to leverage these back office costs. So thats going to be part of it as well. Certainly as you called out, well get a bit of volume leverage if we hit these kind of growth targets were talking about and then its a lot of blocking and tackling that we do in all of the segments utilizing the Nordson business system, whether thats continued focus on low-cost country sourcing, pricing initiatives, the various tools that we leverage, none of those maybe doubles, triples home runs, a lot of singles, but its the kind of thing that we continue to focus on to help drive margin. So I kind of called out the couple of larger buckets, but its going to be a lot of this continued focus on continuous improvement thats going to help leverage that.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. And just to be clear on the cadence of revenue for next year. It sounds like youre just basically assuming pretty normal sequentials as you work through the year, no sharp bounce back, and that when you look at the segments themselves pretty stable demand levels from here, is that the thought process?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Were expecting all of our businesses to grow next year. And Id say in typical fashion with our longer term views of each of those opportunities, I think at a high level, were focused on  the economy is growing at maybe a little less than theyve grown this year, but we expect to, as we typically do to outgrow the markets with all of our focus around innovation and driving new products and applications. So we feel pretty good about each of the businesses and where we are and delivering as a result of how we focus on creating our own demand plus we wont have the same headwinds that we had this year particularly in the mobile dispensing segment.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. And then just on the industrial coating side, the  called out the auto side as the headwind in the quarter here. Is that the right base to work off of as we think forward or is there some capture coming up with project timing or anything like that?
Mike Hilton: So I would say thats probably the right base to work on. From our perspective, the auto platform business has been down in the last couple of years. We expect it to be kind of more stable at this point, but growth in that business is really going to come from newer applications. So things like battery work for electric vehicles and some work were doing in aerospace and some additional work were doing on coatings for food processing and then continued strength in our powder-related businesses. So we are not expecting any sort of significant growth on the auto platform side of the business. If you look around the world, particularly in the U.S., so the car production has been flat for the last 3 years. China, its flat to maybe slightly down, so were not necessarily counting on that.
Mike Halloran: Great. Appreciate the time as always. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Couple of questions. First, can you provide an update as to how U.S.-China trade relations are impacting your business both from a cost standpoint as well as end demand? And I guess, have you seen any customer behavior change over the last month or two? And is this a consideration that you factored into your fiscal 19 organic outlook?
Mike Hilton: So theres a lot of questions there, Matt, but Ill try and address those. So on the first part, so the impact to-date has been pretty modest not without a lot of effort on our part to make it pretty modest. So given the work we have in our procurement area to mitigate the sort of cost push, and as certainly those vendors trying to push cost in steel and aluminum, for example, and weve been able to mitigate that pretty well. Some of the other tariffs that were put in place had some modest effects, but weve been working the things that you would expect looking at different sourcing options, moving our supply chain around a bit, driving pricing. So Id say, to-date, its been relatively modest. We have included some impact more on the cost side than I would say on the revenue side in 2019 to account for, so the continuation of what were seeing today and were doing some things to mitigate the potential step up that could occur if we dont get through an agreement in March with China. That said, thats a pretty big unknown in terms of where thats going, so were running through our own sort of scenarios. Id say to-date on the demand side we havent seen any significant change. I would say both in the U.S. and in China, there were some concerns been expressed about whether this is going to be resolved, it hasnt translated into an impact on an extent on demand to-date, but I mean, should things get worse it potentially could. So were trying to work through all of those potential scenarios to make sure were positioned as well as possible to mitigate any impact.
Greg Thaxton: And another comment Id layer in there, Matt, in some of our businesses, if you recall, we locally manufacture for that market. So I think that will help us avoid some of this impact.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, if you look at kind of the  can you give us a sense maybe outside of the mobile electronics space, what the pacing has been over the last 3-month period or so. I know you dont exactly give order rates, but a couple of quarters you would say orders were relatively flat, maybe up slightly, down slightly. Can you just give us a sense of how incoming order rates have looked as of late across the businesses at maybe a high level?
Mike Hilton: Id say overall for the company the businesses is up relative to last year few percentage points. Id say, weve seen particular strength in our  in a number of our adhesives businesses in a variety of areas. Weve seen really strong in our fluid management businesses both our EFD product lines and our medical business in particular. Id say, most product lines were seeing momentum thats positive going into the year.
Greg Thaxton: And just to define that Matt, thats as we look at orders over the last 12 weeks and compare them to the same period of the prior year.
Matt Summerville: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning guys. This is Brad on for Jeff.
Mike Hilton: Good morning Jeff. Okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Just on the backlog, look like the first total decline in quite some time, just talk about maybe some of the moving pieces there and what that might mean for the degree of weakness in the first quarter of next year, or any kind of higher-level thoughts about the magnitude there? Thanks.
Mike Hilton: So just to be clear, youre talking about Q3 to Q4 or Q4 versus Q4?
Unidentified Analyst: Q4 to Q4.
Mike Hilton: Okay yes, the sole driver of that is really a large order, which we received last year in the electronics area so if you look past that, things would be up.
Greg Thaxton: So just to expand on a little bit, you might not have followed this, but during our prior year fourth quarter, in our diversification efforts to expand where we deploy our technology, we had a nice win with an application in that electronic space that both generated upside that we had in our fourth quarter as well as was a big driver for a volume gain we had in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 in that electronics a portion of advanced technology so a large portion of that order was still in backlog at the end of the fiscal year last year so that said, we talked earlier about kind of how we see the seasonality of the business progress, we still feel were going to outgrow the economies that we operate this year and we feel pretty comfortable about the sort of 3% to 5% target we put out there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thats helpful. And then just on the capital allocation front, kind of level setting actually in the fiscal year here, how far would you say we are along with the underlying diversification strategy now specifically building out the medical piece and it looks like this year was a lot of fewer, smaller deals, is that what we should expect moving forward or is there maybe appetite or opportunity for some more sizable deal?
Greg Thaxton: So, I think as weve mentioned in the past, the medical area still is fairly fragmented and theyre both small and actually a few larger opportunities out there our capital priorities havent changed, as it relates to acquisitions, the timing is hard to predict but we do see both smaller and some a few larger opportunities out there and should they come to market, wed hope wed have an opportunity to be successful there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great thanks for the time.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Chris Dankert: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my call. I guess and forgive me if I missed it, but can you guys give any update or split as far as how polymer versus non-polymer has kind of performed with advanced dispensing?
Mike Hilton: For this past year?
Chris Dankert: Yes, and fourth quarter in particular.
Mike Hilton: Id say theyre probably pretty similar in the fourth quarter and no great difference there.
Chris Dankert: And then as far as some of the domestic Chinese handset manufacturers, I guess, kind of, what are you guys seeing there, has there been a change in, in tenure, given some of the trade and that type of thing just any developments on the front outside of the big two handset manufacturers?
Mike Hilton: No, I wouldnt say any change from what weve seen throughout this year I think again, everybody seems to be working on the sort of 5G approach it was pretty quiet for all the handset manufacturers in terms of level of innovation in 2018 and everybody seems to be focused on 5G as a big deal and as I mentioned earlier, what isnt clear to us is, is that going to translate into handsets in 19 or is that going to be more of a 20 impact and quite frankly I dont think well have a clear view on that till probably that February-March time-frame that said, were focused on the other things that I mentioned, continuing to diversify electronics outside electronics, growing all of our businesses through innovation, new products, new applications and we feel pretty good about where that pipeline is.
Chris Dankert: Got it. And just one last one if I could, you mentioned medical was a strong grower in the quarter I guess, is that still kind of holding in the high single-digit, low double-digit organic rate here?
Mike Hilton: Yes, its very robust.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Trusz with G. Research. Your line is open.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. So, if we think about at a high level, what you are seeing in global macro and how its affecting your business could you sort of walk through how growth trends contrast between your key end markets like North America, China and Rest of Asia and are there any particular dynamics youre focused on, are you seeing like a China slowdown, Europe slowdown, any color there would be great? Thanks.
Mike Hilton: So, let me just talk about this year and then well talk a little bit about the next year so this year the U.S. generally from the economic standpoint was better than the prior year, while Europe and Japan still grew, they were less than the prior year and China, it was about where it has typically been around that 6.5% so for us going into 18 that played out the way we thought sort of high 2% global GDP in the areas we operate so think about that as maybe 2.8% we are expecting next year to be a little lower than that overall, maybe 2.5% and we expect that well be able to grow at a multiple that drove the levers that we can pull, thats new products, new applications, things that weve started to talk about like in athletic wear replacing taping and stitching with gluing we have seen some nice wins there we have talked about batteries for electric vehicles, weve talked a little bit about aerospace Auto electronics continues to be a strong driver for us and then the tiering strategy has helped us grow in India its giving us opportunities to grow in places like Vietnam, Thailand and through OEMs outside of China going to Africa so we focus on those growth initiatives that will allow us to drive growth over and above the GDP as I mentioned, we had these tough headwinds in 18, that shouldnt repeat at the same kind of level going forward.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, Ill just make a couple of comments that kind of cut the other way if you think about some of the end markets that we sell into, like consumer non-durables, like medical, those tend to be more recession resistant end markets so not to say that were immune to the impacts, but we get some strength because of the underlying drivers of some of these end markets that we sell into.
Matthew Trusz: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Charlie Brady with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Charlie Brady: Hi thanks. Good morning. I missed part of the call. So if you covered this let me know and I will just circle back with you. I am just wondering on the guidance, the move to annual guidance from the quarterly guidance typically you guys have said, your visibility just doesnt go out maybe beyond four months with any significant certainty and Im just wondering how that dovetails in with providing annual guidance right now as far as the confidence levels, doing that I mean, I understand the reasons behind it, but Im trying to understand really the confidence level of looking out 12 months as oppose just next quarter or so?
Mike Hilton: Yes, thanks Charlie. Obviously, given our customer intimate model, were pretty close to customers in the end markets, many of which are stable particularly on an annual basis and longer there is some instability in the shorter term, and thats really led to some of the noise that weve talked about but when you look at things like core adhesives or even our polymer business where we tend to have longer lead times, we can look at backlog and get some confidence there and you look at our EFD product lines and our medical product lines, which are more a run rate kinds of businesses as our mix has changed over time, were feeling a little bit more confident in that sort of annual guidance there and Id say, we also feel little more comfortable, because we dont have some of these headwinds that we had last year and as we look back historically, and one of the reasons we provided some of the additional historical data here as even in a really tough environment like last year we still be able to grow organically because of all the levers were pulling around innovation and thats really given us some more confidence there and then in the short term, we can have a lot of stuff moving back and forth, but over a year and longer, we tend to be pretty consistent given some of the stability in the market and are closest with our customers.
Charlie Brady: Yes, thats helpful. Thanks. And I am just wondering, I mean, I know youre not giving quarterly guidance, but advanced tech obviously with a 50% comp in Q1, can you just address maybe the magnitude of what that business might look like in Q1?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Charlie, Im probably not going to do that. I mean, obviously we got a tough comparison in Q1 as we said earlier, were going to have a more seasonal year so its, were going to be down in Q1, thats but for the year, we feel pretty confident were going to be able to deliver what we just talked about in that 3% to 5% top line organically.
Charlie Brady: But are you expecting advanced tech to be up for the year despite the tough comp in Q1?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. As I said, this is where I come back to, its maybe hard to see underneath all of this, but our diversification efforts are really working within that segment and outside but in particular, we had a really strong year within electronics in our test and inspection, if you cant quite see that given the dispense headwinds but our EFD product lines and medical so things outside of the electronics did extremely well and we expect them to continue to grow and theyll grow at disproportionate rates relative to other parts of our business so we feel pretty comfortable on how weve been able to diversify within and outside electronics so yes, we expect all businesses to be up for the year.
Charlie Brady: Great. And one more from me, just on the commentary on the M&A back to one of the earlier questions, on the focus on medical just in terms of multiples, any change in any of those multiples on medical and Im just wondering, given that the fragmentation of that market and a lot of those deals are smaller, more niche here that maybe the multiples in that space are a bit less stretched and given you an opportunity to execute deals rather than other areas you might be looking into.
Mike Hilton: So, I would say, the multiples kind of vary a little bit within the medical space, depending on the degree of differentiation and the growth prospects around the individual businesses but its a space that has good growth prospects and high margins and so, its still rich they are still rich, weve been benefiting from that the last couple of years with what weve been able to do and we feel like it absolutely fits well with our business model, our focus around customers, the drive for innovation, we feel pretty well positioned but there is areas where wed like to build out our capability and there are businesses out there that could help us do that we dont expect them to be discounted in any big way you might have some differences between small and large, but the market is robust in the areas where you have true differentiation and thats what were focused on.
Charlie Brady: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a couple follow-ups. Are you willing to quantify the long-term savings potential you anticipate to see in ADS as a result of I am just going to call it kind of the manufacturing repositioning, as well as the uplift you would anticipate from the shared services implementation here in the U.S. and the ERP consolidation?
Mike Hilton: Id say none at this point Matt. Id say, what we view 19 on the sort of adhesives piece is, we got passed all of the running multiple facilities and were back into the right kind of operating framework Id say beyond 19, we should see both efficiencies but also capacity with better incremental margins and I think on our shared services piece, thats also where we see the benefit is growing at lower cost we will see some efficiency benefits, but the bigger driver is going to be able to scale with much lower cost so Id say not ready to quantify that yet or benefits in some in 19 but more beyond 19.
Matt Summerville: And then just a follow-up on 5G, to your comment, Mike, is it a 19 or 20 sort of thing and in that context, I guess, what are you anticipating, what underpins your ATS, whats embedded in ATS in your guide in that regard. And then I guess the question is do you think this 5G equipment cycle as it pertains to Nordson could be bigger than the last couple of cycles you have seen in your mobile facing business. Can you frame that up a little bit? Thanks.
Mike Hilton: So and the last part of the question, its hard to tell at this point. We know that the approach will drive additional antennas and other types of things that will require a fundamental change in the phones. We dont have a feel yet for what thats going to translate into in terms of new equipment, its early yet on that.
Matt Summerville: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Mike Hilton for any further remarks.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. And I just thank all of you for participating in todays call. And once again thank you to the Nordson organization who have delivered another very solid year for us, appreciate everybody. Take care and have good holidays everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Nordson Corporation Webcast for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. You may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Norma. Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 21, 2018, to report Nordson's fiscal year 2018 third quarter results and our fiscal year 2018 fourth quarter outlook. Our conference is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until September 4, 2018, which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 9285137. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Lara, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's 2018 third quarter conference call. Nordson delivered solid results despite challenging comparisons to our prior year's third quarter. Our total company sales increased 20% inclusive of 11% organic sales growth. Strong organic growth during the quarter within two of our segments was offset by challenging comparison of the Advanced Technology segment. Our prior year organic growth was 18%. Our commitment to delivering the best technology solutions while employing continuous improvement initiatives, so bottom line performance, generating operating margin of 23%. Free cash flow before dividends was a $118 million which reflects strong cash conversion of 124% of net income. Our base business is strong and we remain focused on bringing value to our customers and the diverse end markets that we serve. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, our guidance reflects strength in adhesives and medical product lines, all set primarily by lower demand for Advanced Technology dispense product lines that serve the electronics end markets and automotive cold material product lines. For the full year, we are on pace to deliver another consecutive year of organic sales growth, which is a reflection of the stability of the end markets we serve and our ability to drive initiatives that lead organic volume growth. I'll speak more about our outlook in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide a more detailed perspective on the third quarter, as well as our guidance for the fourth quarter and the full year.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. I'll first provide some comments on our third quarter results before moving on to our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Third quarter sales decreased 1% from the prior year's third quarter, inclusive of a decrease of approximately 3% inorganic volume, 1% growth related the first year effective acquisitions and 1% growth related to the favorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year's third quarter. Organic sales volume was in line with our guidance as we expected moderation against last year's results where all segments demonstrated strong organic sales growth. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, organic volume increased 3% on top of 6% organic growth in last year's third quarter. We're pleased with the pace of the end market demand across all product lines. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, organic volume was down 11% as compared to the prior year's third quarter organic growth of 18%. With the exception of those product lines facing the most challenging comparisons to the prior year, namely dispense and surface treatment product lines serving electronics end markets, demand was robust during the quarter for test, inspection and fluid management product lines, including medical components. Within the Industrial Coating segment, powder painting and container coating product line grow this quarter's organic sales growth of 6% compared to the prior year. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 55% in the quarter. Operating profit was $136 million with reported operating margin of 23% in the current quarter. As discussed in previous earnings releases, we've been incurring incremental costs associated with the consolidation of certain adhesive facilities. The impact of this effort is approximately $7 million year-to-date. Specific to the third quarter, incremental costs were approximately $2 million. In the fourth quarter, we're estimating the incremental costs will be about $1 million. On a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered strong operating margin of 28% in the quarter, or 29% to exclude onetime restructuring charges of approximately $1 million related to the facility consolidation effort. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, reported operating margin was 25% in the third quarter, the Industrial Coating segment reported operating margin was 22%, which is up by 160 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily related to improved sales mix and our deployment of tools from the Nordson business system. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $95 million, and GAAP diluted earnings were $1.61 per share. EPS was reduced by $0.02 per diluted share from the $1 million non-recurring restructuring charge mentioned previously. EPS benefitted by approximately $2 million or $0.03 per diluted share from discreet tax benefits. A reconciliation of GAAP earnings per share to non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share is included in the financial exhibits of our press release. We delivered strong third quarter EBITDA of $163 million or 28% of sales. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA was 2x at the end of the third quarter, as we have successfully delivered from the Vention acquisition. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Ill now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. Were forecasting sales to be in the range of flat to down 4% compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This outlook includes organic volume to be in the range of up 1% to down 3%, 1% growth from the first year effective acquisitions, and an unfavorable currency translation effect of 2% based on the current exchange rates environment as compared to the prior year. Our guidance reflects strength in adhesive and medical product lines, offset primarily by lower demand against very challenging comparisons for Advanced Technology dispense product lines serving electronics' end markets as well as automotive cold material product lines within the Industrial Coating segment. At the midpoint of this outlook, we expect fourth quarter gross margin to be above 54% and operating margin to be approximately 22%. We're estimating fourth interest expense of about $8 million and depreciation and amortization expense of about $27 million resulting in fourth quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings in the range of $1.38 to $1.54 per diluted share. We expect EBITDA to be in the range of $143 million to $155 million. Consistent with our comments in the February earnings call, our estimated effective tax rate for the fourth quarter and full year, based on current tax laws and our jurisdiction of mix of income is approximately 25%. And with that, Ill turn the call back over to you Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Again I'd like to express my appreciation to our outstanding global team. We knew we are facing challenging comparisons this year and the team continues to deliver growth. Im particularly pleased with the growth weve generated in our medical product lines, which has been a primary area of focus for our corporate development team, helping to drive topline growth and offset the cyclicality of the electronic systems product line within our Advanced Technology segment. For the full fiscal year of 2018, at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to generate total company organic sales growth of about 2%. This is growth on top of 8% organic growth in fiscal 2017 and 7% organic growth in fiscal 2016. Our ability to deliver organic growth again this year highlights the attractiveness of the end markets we serve, our ability to capture growth initiatives and our ability to continue to meet our customer's expectations. We also remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders. Earlier this month, we announced a dividend increase of 17%. This marks the 55th consecutive year of annual dividend increases, ranking us 14th among publicly traded companies for the longest running record of annual dividend increases. We take pride in returning a portion of our cash flow to our shareholders and we appreciate your continued support. Complementing our dividend increase, our other capital deployment objectives remain consistent. We'll continue to prioritize acquisition opportunities in our targeted markets that will help drive our strategic vision for long-term growth. We're focused on finishing strong with another good year of organic sales growth, enhancing bottom line results of continuous improvements using the Nordson business system, and providing superior service and technology to our customers. With that we'll pause now and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering at ATS you have the period of the lower mobile demand, as that plays out. How would you describe the pipeline of your field testing activity across various applications within those markets as informing your expectation for waves of future innovation to drive demand for you guys?
Mike Hilton: So at a high level, I think as we talked about in the beginning of year, we said this is likely to be a more challenging year, particularly in the mobile segment. And that's sort of the way it played out with modest volume growth and not a lot of innovation. That's kind of the way it played out. If I look at the various segments that we're involved with, I think the things that will drive mobile in the future, will be the move to 5G that has some impacts on what goes into mobile devices particularly phones, and there are some other areas around RFI shielding and so forth that we see as opportunities going forward in addition to any other innovation that our customers would put into the phones. And we continue to see strong growth in the auto electronic side of things as our customers are putting more cameras, more sensors into the cars. And ultimately, we think long-term, as we move closer to autonomous driving is going to be more input into the cars and that'll play well for us. And then as we mentioned a couple of times here over the last year, we're doing more on the tail end of the semiconductor side with both dispense and inspection, and we think that will continue to grow over time. So we do this coming into the year was going to be a challenging year if you look at our guidance through the fourth quarter, we're likely to be flat to modestly down in that electronics portion of the segment. So our diversification efforts have helped us mitigate a pretty significant decline in to the dispense business. We're not -- probably going to be quite there, but it's helping to do that. And then, obviously the other parts of that segment, the medical business in particular, is growing very nicely and meeting our expectations there.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then on the geographies, could you help understand the magnitude that Japan decline in the quarter versus overall Asia-Pac or Asia-Pac, ex-Japan, much more moderate softness. What differentiates Japan in terms of the higher volatility there?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, I think that's really related again for the electronics side of the business. If you think about a lot of final assembly going together in China, but a lot of component manufacturing being outside China and Japan is one of the key areas where we see a lot of component manufacturing. And that's really related to the component manufacturer going into the phone line.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Brady of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open.
Charlie Brady: Yes, hi, good morning guys. That's Charlie Brady. Mike, wanted to touch on the Nordson Medical Business. You just touched on a little bit about the growth rate you're seeing there. It sounds like that business positioning today relative to where it's been over the past couple of years with some of those acquisitions. But it sounds like the growth path of that business has picked up a pretty decent amount, the amount of innovation coming out of that has picked up. Is this -- can you just talk about kind of the efforts you guys have made to really kind of more focused on that business in terms of organic development, not just the acquisition stuff you guys have done?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I think that's a good point, Charlie. There is a lot of new products that are coming out of our medical business. And I think one of the things that helped with the acquisition we made last year with the Vention business, and the restructuring we've done along the Vention model. There is a sort of design and development pipeline on the front end. It really gives us in early with key customers not only the large customers, but some of the emerging innovators. And what that allows us to do is innovate our systems and our components around their desires and where things are heading. And a big focus is around minimally invasive procedures. So when you think about what the fastest growing part of the medical devices segment is, it is around minimally invasive procedures, and that's heart and lung and brain and some spinal cord and other vascular areas. And our design and development capabilities and our components fit nicely into those end markets. So what we have now is a more complete set of offerings that allow those to participate in more opportunities. So we have a strong pipeline there and we're introducing a lot of products to support the growth there. And we're excited about what we see.
Charlie Brady: Yes, that's helpful, thanks. And then just switching gears here. On the something question here on industry call, price costs, do you guys have seen raw material inflation as pricing got to put through. Can you just talk a little bit about what's your experience in terms of the past?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so there are some raw material increases that things like steel and aluminum that we see. Our sourcing team has done a nice job of the mitigating the impact there and we've also been able to move some pricing to, I'd say largely to this point offset the impact that we've seen. But there is some cost push there that's a typical, I think, we've been able to offset.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from Matt Summerville of D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: First, sort of do a walk-through in terms of what you saw in the quarter across the four pieces of the adhesive business, talking about rigid packaging, polymer, nonwoven and product assembly. And I guess looking out, at least into the fourth quarter, even into early next year, is that what your overall outlook is for those businesses?
Mike Hilton: So if you look in the third quarter, I would say, our core adhesive business that was pretty solid, stronger packaging, and product assembly a little softer than nonwoven, but that we can see quarter-to-quarter movement there based on big projects. So I dont read anything into that. And we've had pretty strong comp prior year about 6%. Id say in our plastic product lines, pretty solid performance in the quarter across most product lines within our plastics business and building a strong backlog in that particular area for the point that were seeing some lead time to expand a little bit not only for us, but some others in the industry. So thats encouraging to see the backlog there build across the plastic components piece of things.
Matt Summerville: And then just as a follow-up, while I recognized you guys are in sort of the short cycle nature of the business you dont really guide beyond the next quarter. Having said that, to your point earlier like given some of these comparisons you are facing, specifically the 50% plus comp that youre facing in advance tax in the fiscal first quarter of '19, is there any comment you might make is to whether or not you feel the street at this point is effectively handicapping or capturing that comp?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I mean, obviously the comp is out there. And so I think most folks recognize that. I can't really comment on whether everybody is looking at that. But Id say if we step back, and this is where the quarter-to-quarter kind of movements can maybe give an improper indication of how the business is doing fundamentally. If we step back and look year-over-year, this is, as I said earlier for the electronics business, this is a challenging year, but were going to be close to flat offsetting a pretty significant drop in mobile with the spend, with the efforts that weve had to diversify both from a customer and an application standpoint and the strengths of the other parts of our electronics business. And then I thank the continued growth in medical and general industries activities are going to more than offset what we've seen there, which, I think is pretty good performance here, but you can see these swings quarter-to-quarter because we can't control what our customers are going to play orders. What we can't control is how we respond to those and take advantage of it. So I think if you look at sort of annually and over a cycle, youre going to see this business continuing to grow in the short-term, there is more volatility, and were trying to mitigate that with our diversification efforts.
Matt Summerville: Thanks Mike. Ill get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Dankert of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Carl [indiscernible] on for Chris. So just kind of on the facility consolidation, do you have any updates on kind of the timing and expected benefits there?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so were looking at by the end of the calendar year to be through the consolidation efforts. The primary effort is in the U.S. although we have some effort in Germany as well, but we should be through both of those by the end of the calendar year. And I think as Greg mentioned earlier, he is highlighted what the additional cost that weve seen this year as a result of that consolidation, we would expect that to go away next year. In the long run, we would expect to see some more efficiencies come out of the new facilities as well. But right now, were still in the middle of the final transfers and ramping up the new facilities. So not ready to project the efficiency improvements beyond that at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks. And then any update on like the tier product offering and growth in ADS, ATS there?
Greg Thaxton: Did you say adhesives or ATS. So adhesives, yes, we've seen some nice growth in our despite my former comment here and some nice growth in the lowest peer of non-woven's business as we've talked about that before. We're into a group of customers we haven't captured before. And I think, both from an end customer standpoint and the OEM standpoint, we're seeing nice growth there beyond what we have expected for the year. So that's very encouraging, because in the end they'll move up a line. So I think that's good. I'd also say in adhesives, we've added to our systems additional measuring capabilities and our packaging business, which our customers find very helpful. And the material suppliers also find very helpful in demonstrating the benefits, not only of our equipment, but of their materials. And so we're working closely with them. So I think that's encouraging as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matthew Trusz of Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Matthew Trusz: Are you seeing tariffs or trade rhetoric more broadly impacting your customers in a way that's impactful for your business? And I guess, overall, I'd wonder, what is your overall business confidence in macro outlook now, and has that evolved at all over the last 3 months since we last talk?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say, it's hard to say that we've seen any significant impact on the tariff discussions to date. I would say in general, projects are proceeding as the way they would normally proceed. I think the sort of broader discussions about more aggressive tariffs, particularly with China and China with the U.S. is a little bit more concerning, and that could have some broader impact. We're encouraged to see there is some discussion going on right now, but it's hard to predict where that's going to head. I'd say our view of the overall macro accounting hasn't really changed. And I think in the last quarter, we talked a little bit about the U.S. being stronger than it has been for the last 2 to 3 years. However, Japan and Europe are still growing, but at a softer rate than we certainly saw last year. And China is hanging in at about the same rate as we saw last year certainly not improving. So one thing that has changed significantly and whether that's a function of the tariff discussions or a function of federal reserve policy as currency has flipped around as we look going into the next quarter from being a tailwind to a headwind. So that's probably the one thing at this point looks a little bit different, and it's hard to predict how that's going to go forward as well. But I'd say sort of the outlook we saw three months ago is pretty similar, I'd say, there is some added concern if the tariff is escalates more.
Matthew Trusz: Okay, thanks. And then with automotive, how much visibility in that end market do you have, and how do you feel about cold dispensing opportunities as we look forward next year [indiscernible] platforms or otherwise?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say we have a pretty good idea of projects that are planned. I'd say not all those go ahead. And so, if you look at, we talked about this last time, I think we saw sort of global platform speaks in '16, modest decline last year, more of a decline this year. It's hard to tell exactly what the cycle is going to be on that. I think, obviously, drive to more efficient pieces is important, but I would say, one of the areas that we're pursuing in our cold material side of the business is our focus around the electric battery side, both for the automobile side of things and also for the storage capability. And we've seen some nice growth although relatively modest in terms of total revenue this year. But that's an encouraging a longer-term opportunity for not only our cold materials, but a number of our businesses. And then in the cold material space, we're also doing some work of the aerospace side, and say the whole qualification process there has taken longer than we would have expected. But we see some good opportunities there as the industry looks to do to drive automation to help them out with their backlog of orders into effectively increase their capacity. So those are two areas that we see as growth opportunities for that part of the business as well.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I have a follow-up from Matt Summerville of D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks all for a couple more. Just with respect to ICS, a very, I mean, all here really very good incremental margins in that business. Can you talk about sort of what's driving that? Is that mix related with some of that auto stuff maybe not as strong as it was in the prior year period? And I guess, ultimately where do you think ICS can go? I mean, from earnings, can that be a 20% plus margin business for you guys?
Mike Hilton: So Matt, you're correct. Certainly the mix has helped, when you look at the mix of different product lines there, and auto tends to have a bigger buying component and some of other systems. So with that being off a little bit, the mix has helped. But we also have done a lot of good things utilizing the merchant business system to drive productivity there. As we said, going back 4 or 5 years, we wanted to get that business up to something like 20% margin and we're getting close. And we still have things to work on there. I think just given the nature of the business, I don't think it's reasonable to expect that it would be in excess of 20% just because of the scope of what we typically supply and how much is more standard buying equipment, but I think, 20% is still a good goal, and we're getting close to it.
Matt Summerville: And then similarly, my question on ADS earlier, with respect to Advanced Tech, can you may be provide a little bit more granularity? I think last quarter you indicated outside of the mobile space, specifically most of your businesses if not all, in Advanced Tech, were growing in that high single to low double-digit rates. Can you kind of talk about, was the mobile piece up 50% this quarter and everything's up 10%. Can you just give us a better feel for how those various pieces of the segment there are really performing?
Mike Hilton: Yes, what I would say, if you look at the total segment, I remember half of it or more now is not electronics and thats performing well both for general industry a piece and the medical. And the medical fees is part of the verification effort and we expect that to be high single digit, double digit growth going forward and its playing out the way we expect it. I think within the electronics segment, the test inspection business has been very solid this year with nice growth in part because that serves a more diverse end market and we see in the dispense side of the business, in particular. So the two biggest components for that business are test inspection and dispense and test inspection for the year will be up nicely. Dispense is going to be off significantly and that really is the mobile related piece. As I said overall, we expect that part of the business, electronics part of the business, it will be down modestly, but you know we feel like weve covered a lot of ground between the diversification efforts within electronics and then the diversification efforts in that segment outside of electronics.
Matt Summerville: And then just maybe one quick one for Greg. It looked like corporate expense stepped up quite a bit couple of million bucks on a sequential basis. Can you talk about that? And I guess whats your expectation would be built in for Q4?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, there were a couple of onetime items -- onetime expense items in the quarter that is in that corporate manage numbers. So I wouldnt suggest that thats a new run rate. I probably back it down back to that $30 million range going forward.
Matt Summerville: Thats all from me. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Well, I just want to do couple of follow-on related to China. You know in the past and last year, especially you had talked about some of the Chinese mobile phone makers as some of the new products that have been traction and grown. There is no discussion of that. I wonder if you could help us understand how much of the tough comp is related to the Chinese mobile phone makers. And was there a pause like -- it was like the demand -- the capacity went in and now weve got a pause out of China or is that more broad attempt?
Mike Hilton: No, what I would say is two things. If you look at sort of total smartphone growth, there was pretty -- its been pretty modest like 1%, 2% growth for the year. So its not a big volume driver. So that affects all of the customers that buy mobile phones. And two, this is the year with less innovation. So it's going to be incremental. And thats the sort of a typical pattern that weve seen a strong year of innovation and a weaker year of innovation. And so thats kind of what were seeing here. And Id say on the Chinese mobile side, no difference in terms of how theyve approached the things. Now theyve probably gained a little bit of market share in short-term, but, probably, I think that would dramatically drive the needle one way or the other.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Is what youre saying that the Chinese mobile manufacturers that they're still growing because they come off a small base or 
Mike Hilton: No. They're not a small base anymore, but they are still growing. I'd say the opportunity is still there for increased levels of automation, so both in terms of the degree of overall automation and in terms of their process approach if they take. It's less than -- less sophisticated than the global base. But I'd say in general, this has been a pretty quiet here for innovation. And so, as we've talked about the past, the smartphone penetration got closer to the saturation that's really around change and innovation. And this year has been a weaker year across the board on that.
Walter Liptak: Okay got it. And then just a follow-on on -- I appreciate your answer on the tariff question, but I wonder, specifically I'm curious you've run through the $50 billion tariff and the $200 billion tariff. Are your product categories included in either of those tariff discussions?
Mike Hilton: So I'd say in the first set of tariffs, very few, very modest. In the second set, we don't really know yet all of the details on the code. And we don't know what the Chinese response is going to be. So that's -- those are two unknowns to date. And so we'll have to wait and see. Obviously, we're trying to understand that as best we can and we've got a team focused on that. But there is not enough clarity yet to make a comment there. But I'd say when you talk about $200 billion, it gets more concerning.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And it's -- let's say that in the second, $200 billion that your product going into China for electronic assembly was included in. Is that 25% increase -- is that big enough to be deterrent to the band or is there any other choice? I don't think there is any local supply for the kind of dispensing equipment that you make for electronics?
Mike Hilton: I would really not want to speculate here until we see how that plays out. Obviously we would -- we do have manufacturing capability into go and we are doing both test inspection in some of our good tiered dispense products out of there. But we would pull all the levers we could if there was an impact to us. Like I said, we really are waiting to get a better feel for both the U.S. side and the Chinese side and trying to anticipate what might happen and how we might mitigate any particular impacts there. But I would just say, in general, when you look at that magnitude of the number, it's more concerning than $15 billion or $16 billion.
Operator: Thank you. I have a follow-up from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering if you could remind us what the algorithm is for FX translation as impacts EPS ultimately with when you add in the transactional influences?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris. This is Greg. If you look historically, the way it kind of models out is, if you look at the percentage change in sales, it's a 2 to 3 times that number percentage change in EPS. So if currency adds 1% to sales, it might be a plus 2.5% tailwind to earnings per share change from the prior year.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. And then on interest, I'm not sure if my numbers are right, but I think you have $13 million in the quarter and said $8 million for the fourth quarter. Can you explain this dynamic there if I got those numbers correct?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. So, a little bit of a timing issue where we had some cash on the balance sheet that will post the third quarter year end, we will be paying down some debt.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Mike Hilton for closing remarks.
Mike Hilton: Well, thank you for your interest in our call today. And thank you again to our global team for continuing to serve our customers as well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-05-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Nordson Corporation Webcast for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions for how to participate will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Ms. Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications. Maam, you may begin.
Lara Mahoney: Thank you, Jimmy. Good morning. We are pleased to welcome you to Nordson Corporations conference call today, Tuesday, May 22, 2018, to report financial results for the second quarter fiscal year 2018 as well as our third quarter outlook for fiscal year 2018. My name is Lara Mahoney, Vice President of Investor Relations and Communications for Nordson. Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Executive Vice President and CFO. Our conference is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until June 5, 2018, which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 3797796. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we will be happy to take your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Lara, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons 2018 second quarter conference call. We delivered a record second quarter on many metrics, and Id like to commend our dedicated global team for their commitment and focus. The resilient performance of our base business coupled with the strategic fit of our recent acquisitions led to improvement in operating profit, diluted earnings per share, and EBITDA as compared to the second quarter a year ago. Our sustained focus on continuous improvement initiatives, product tiering, and providing the best technology solutions, drove solid bottom line performance. Ill now provide some highlights on our financial results and Greg will offer more detailed commentary in a few moments. Looking at the second quarter, sales, operating profit, diluted earnings per share and EBITDA were all second quarter records. These are impressive results against very challenging comparison, where each segment delivered strong organic growth last year and total Company organic sales growth was 9% in the prior years second quarter. Each segment delivered strong operating margin in the current quarter, where excluding one-time charges and the incremental $4 million of intangible asset amortization expense in the current years second quarter, total Company adjusted operating margin was 24% and adjusted EBITDA margin improved over 100 basis points as compared to the same period a year ago, reaching 29% in the current quarter, highlighting our solid second quarter performance. Looking ahead to the third quarter, we face very challenging comparisons to the prior years third quarter, where each segment delivered strong organic growth and the total Company organic sales growth was 11%. Ill speak more about our outlook in a few moments, but Ill first turn the call over to Greg, to provide a more detailed perspective on the second quarter and our third quarter guidance. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. Ill first provide some comments on our second quarter results, before moving on to our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. Second quarter sales increased 12% over the prior years second quarter. Inclusive of a decrease of approximately 1% in organic volume, approximately 7% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions and approximately 5% increase related to the favorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior years second quarter. Organic sales volume was in line with our expectations, coming in at the midpoint of our guidance range as we expected moderation against last years results, particularly in the Advanced Technology Systems segment where prior year organic growth was 18%. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, organic volume was down about 2% against 5% organic growth in last years second quarter. Our end market demand remains relatively strong and we expect this segment to grow organically in the second half of the year. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, organic volume was down 1% as compared to the prior years second quarter organic growth of 18%. Although we did see growth in certain product lines, expected moderation in the quarter impacted performance. Prior year growth included very strong performance in both electronic systems and fluid management end markets. This segments acquisitive growth in the current quarter includes a partial month of 2017 InterSelect GmbH acquisition, two months of the 2017 acquisition of Vention and the 2018 acquisition of Sonoscan. Within the Industrial Coating segment, powder and container product lines drove this quarters organic sales growth of 4%. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total Company was 55% in the quarter. Operating profit improved 22% to $127 million as compared to the prior years second quarter, which reported operating margin of 23% in the current quarter. As Mike mentioned, the quarters results include approximately $4 million of incremental and tangible asset amortization expense as compared to the prior years second quarter. Excluding a $1 million charge in the quarter for restructuring, $2 million charge were step-up in value of acquired inventory and the $4 million of incremental amortization expense. Adjusted operating margin was 24% in the current quarter. As noted in the February earnings call, we did incur incremental costs associated with the adhesive facilitys consolidation effort that impacted total Company operating margin by approximately 50 basis points or $3 million. Were estimating the incremental costs for this initiative will be about $2 million in the third quarter and $1 million in the fourth quarter. On a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered strong operating margin of 29% in the second quarter or 31% to exclude onetime restructuring charges of approximately $1 million and the $3 million incremental costs related to the facility consolidation efforts. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, reported operating margin was 23% in the second quarter or 26% when excluding $4 million of incremental intangible asset amortization expense and the $2 million of short-term purchase accounting charges related to the step-up in value of Sonoscan acquired inventory. The Industrial Coating segment delivered operating margin of 18% in the second quarter, which is up 70 basis points from the prior year due to volume leverage. On a total Company basis, net income for the quarter was $91 million and GAAP diluted earnings were $1.55 per share, a 40% increase over the prior year GAAP diluted earnings per share. The $4 million of incremental intangible asset amortization charges reduced earnings per share by $0.05 per diluted share, the $2 million for short-term purchase accounting related to step-up in value of acquired inventory and the $1 million of non-recurring restructuring charges reduced earnings per share by $0.04 per diluted share. Additionally, a tax benefit of $2 million or $0.04 per diluted share was recognized in the quarter for excess tax benefits related to share-based payment transactions which are credited to income tax expense. A reconciliation of GAAP earnings per share to non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share is included in the financial exhibits of our press release. We delivered strong second quarter EBITDA of a $157 million or $160 million on an adjusted basis to exclude the step-up in value of acquired inventory. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved approximately a 100 basis points over the prior years second quarter to 29% of sales. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA was two times at the end of the second quarter. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends, as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. Ill now turn to the outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2018. As in the recently completed second quarter, we are facing very difficult comparisons in our third quarter, where prior year third quarter organic growth was 11%, driven by strong organic growth in all three segments, including 18% organic growth in the Advanced Technology Systems segment. We are forecasting sales be in the range of up 1% to down 3% as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This outlook includes organic volume to be in the range of down 2% to down 6%, 1% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a positive currency effect of 2% based on the current exchange rate environment as compared to the prior year. We are forecasting solid organic growth in most all product lines in each segment with softness in the dispense product lines, serving electronic and automotive end markets. At the midpoint of this outlook, we expect third quarter gross margin to be about 55% and operating margin to be approximately 23%. Were estimating third quarter interest expense of about $12 million and depreciation and amortization expense of about $28 million, resulting in third quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings in the range of $1.47 to $1.63 per diluted share. We expect EBITDA to be in the range of $155 million to a $168 million. Consistent with our comments in the February earnings call, our effective tax rate for the third quarter and full-year, based on current tax law and our jurisdictional mix of income, is estimated to be approximately 25%. And with that, Ill turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Again, Id like to express my appreciation to our outstanding global team for helping deliver record second quarter results. Organic growth in 2017 was exceptionally strong, which means we are up against challenging comparisons during 2018, particularly in the Advanced Technology segment. We do however expect to generate total Company organic sales growth in the low single digits on a full-year basis for fiscal 2018. Our team is committed to leveraging the tools within the Nordson business system to drive operating efficiencies and bottom line results, while delivering the best technology solutions and customer service experience. Our capital deployment objectives remain consistent and we continue to target high-quality opportunities in the marketplace that will help drive our strategic vision for the long-term growth. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Al.
Allison Poliniak: Could you talk to any change that you might be experiencing in terms of customer tone or conversations? I mean, are you seeing anything like that or is it pretty consistent with your expectations?
Mike Hilton: I would say, the second quarter was certainly pretty consistent with our expectations. And Id say, when we look at current business, were not seeing any particular change in tone from our customers.
Allison Poliniak: Great. And then, on Adhesive Dispensing, I think, Mike, you said, organic growth in the back half of the year, and I think Im just trying Greg to kind to back into your comments. Should we assume organic growth in Adhesive Dispensing in Q3? And I guess, you just have visibility into that side, any color there?
Mike Hilton: Yes. We expect to see organic growth in Adhesive segment in Q3. I think as weve talked about in the past, the headwinds were really up against or around the mobile electronics dispense piece and some platform work and the automobile segment. Beyond that, the rest of the business was solid and we expect, as we mentioned, to see solid growth in those businesses -- product lines.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is now open.
Jeff Hammond: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So, as I look, the backlog grew nicely and as I think, at record levels, up 10% core. And it seems like historically, there is pretty good correlation between that next quarter out. So, Im just trying to kind of reconcile the backlog growth versus the weaker 3Q guide, and maybe how that plays out into 4Q? I dont know if there is some timing in the orders. Thanks.
Mike Hilton: Yes, Jeff. So, if you look at the current backlog, we do have some larger projects, some of which will get delivered in the fourth quarter. Id say at this point, order rates are kind of flattish to last year. The biggest challenge again is in the electronic dispense piece which we saw dramatic increase in orders last Q3. And so, as we look at this year, the guidance were putting out there reflects view that were not going to be able to operate in that particular product line at the same level that we saw last year. And thats really whats covering our expectations for the third quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then, the automotive platform, is that a function of tough comps or are you seeing some slowing in automotive there?
Mike Hilton: Id say, from an operating rate standpoint which affects some of our parts business and so forth, that continues to be solid. But the platform piece is really model changeover related. And weve seen that slow down if you look at the overall global statistics from the automakers. Last year was a little softer than year before, and this year is little softer yet. So, platform work generates larger business, and thats the comp that were up against in that particular business. If you look at the other parts of the Industrial Coating business, were seeing some nice growth there.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then, just finally, can you talk about how you think the medical business grows in the second half of the year kind of relative to normal growth rates? Thanks.
Mike Hilton: Yes. We expect to see solid growth in the medical business in the second half of the year, sort of high single digit kind of growth in that business, really along the lines of what we factored. All the different parts of that business are performing well and were very pleased with what we see in that business.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Couple of questions. First, just with respect to Adhesive Dispensing, the non-restructuring hits you are taking, I think you said $3 million Q2 million, than a step down to $2 million then $1 million. And I dont have the number in front me, but as I remember, a $4 million to $5 million number in Q1 of this year. So, lets just call it $10 million in fiscal 2018. Does that all go away in fiscal 2019? And I guess, on top of removing those inefficiencies, what do you gain from an efficiency standpoint? Can you help bridge that?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, let me comment. If you recall on that business, were going from three facilities to one in the U.S. in our core components part of that business. Right now, we have four facilities operating as we do the transition. That will continue to throughout the year. And in Europe, were going from two to one. So, those are really the facts that were operating more facilities than we expect in the long run of contributing to those sort of duplicate parts. And as part of that weve been investing in new technology to improve efficiency. So, the duplicate costs should go away in 2018, which should be finished by the end of Id say, the calendar year, here this year. And then, we would expect to see over time efficiencies. Obviously, thats a function of volume loading as well, but we expect to see improved efficiencies over time in that business.
Matt Summerville: And sticking just with Adhesives, you typically provide a little bit more granularity in terms of business trends by key product categories. Can you talk about more specifics around what you are seeing plastics processing versus non-woven versus rigid, product assembly? Can you give a little more detail there?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Id say, in the various product lines on the plastic side, were seeing solid order intake and expectations of growth for the remainder of the year. Id say, the encouraging sign is that the OEMs are ordering a variety of different end markets that we support. And then, in our core adhesives business, Id say, were seeing solid growth in our packaging area and some improvements in our product assembly and non-wovens we expect to be up for the year but that can vary quarter-to-quarter just based on projects.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Charlie Brady with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Charlie Brady: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Just a quick one on raw material prices costs, kind of any impact you are seeing on that or maybe might be seeing down the road here rest of the year?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Just a couple of comments there, Charlie. Id say, the area where we are seeing some pushes in the metal side, we have some protection with our agreements and a strong sourcing strategy there. So, Id say, its not really translated into any significant effect at this point. And we think well be able to manage that through our sourcing activities as well as any pricing we can pass on there. So, I dont see that as a big issue. Id say, the other part of our cost deck is around labor, and were seeing increases there. But thats a focus of our continuous improvement activity as to help offset those. So nothing Id say out of the ordinary at the moment.
Charlie Brady: Can you just give break down of the aftermarket piece of it, the parts component of it? Generally, it runs pretty high for you guys. Im wondering any unusual there. Can you give us some granularity on that?
Mike Hilton: Its about half and half at this point. Over time, as things like the medical business grow with the single use components that probably will stay or grow a little bit above that, but right its about half and half.
Charlie Brady: Right. And just one more for me. So, you guys particularly in life sciences having a lot of new product development going out, actually creating markets you werent in a few years ago. Can you talk about kind of the growth youre seeing just on a new product development standpoint and kind of where you see that going forward, does that accelerate going forward?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, we have had a lot of success with new product development. And quite frankly, thats a critical focus for us in the long run. So, across all of our product lines, were introducing new products, and Id say were getting good traction on those. While this has been a more challenging year from the expense side in the electronics business, weve seen nice growth in our inspection business as a result of strong new products. Were seeing nice growth in our tiering strategy continuing in our adhesives business, including probably 100 or so new customers on a lower tier that we havent served before. And were seeing some new product introductions in our coatings business, and really taking advantage of some new applications, for example electric battery which should continue to grow in the long run. Its a nice contributor right now. Its not going to be huge, but its a nice contributor and related to products that fit specifically certain applications across the electric battery. So, Id say, continues to be the lifeblood of the business. Were continuing to focus on driving new products. And quite frankly in the long run thats why were going to grow at a multiple something like 2 times global GDP, because we can create new products and get into new markets and new applications. That combination is what helps us grow above GDP in the long run.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning. So, the ADS margins, very strong pro forma, maybe a bigger tick-up seasonally than normal. Was there kind of favorable mix or FX impact as you move from to the first quarter to second quarter?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say, certainly the mix of products across the various product lines was favorable. And we did get a benefit from the currency as well.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And in terms of the non-restructuring bucket hits that I think were looking at about $10 million for the year. Is that a better thought of as the pro forma payback than incidental inefficiencies?
Mike Hilton: Well, certainly year-on-year that cost should go away. So, there should be a step up. But over time, we should see continued improvement in margin in those product lines as weve consolidated, not only consolidated but updated the equipment through automation. So, itll be a combination both, as it plays out over time.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. And just curious, your relative view of capital deployment for the balance of the year. You toggle between bolt-ons, debt reduction and share repurchase views.
Mike Hilton: Id say, number one, we do everything we can to continue to support our organic growth. So, thats not going to change and our dividend approach is not going to change. From an M&A standpoint, we are focused in the short-term with creating more capacity for potential opportunities down the road. So, we have been focused on reducing the debt-to-EBITDA levels and well continue to do that in the near term. I think, longer term, it really depends on timing and how the acquisition pipeline plays out. We have got some good opportunities. As you know, we can never fully predict when they are going to come to fruition. But right now, our near-term focus is on reducing the debt level.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matthew Trusz with Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Matthew Trusz: Have these ADS facility consolidation efforts impacted that segments growth anyway?
Mike Hilton: Id say, not in the near-term. I think, the challenge has been for us as we have to operate more facilities than we like in a transition because its a largely an engineer to order business. And so, we cant really build inventory to accelerate that. So, weve been moving products equipment in a stepwise fashion as we load up the new facility. So, thats really translated into the more operating costs than we would have in some other businesses where we can build inventory.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. What Id suggest is, with the investment weve made in technology, were actually trying to move it in the more positive direction, in more efficient manufacturing environment, better first paste quality, less touch, so actually providing capacity.
Matthew Trusz: Okay, thank you. And just following up on your M&A comp and that youre building capacity. Is there a discrete reason why that you are either seeing larger deals that contribute to build out a certain niche that require bigger investment?
Mike Hilton: Well, we made four large acquisitions last year and a couple of smaller ones this year. And so, the focus really has been moving from a 3 plus level down to 2 or so. But we do have a solid pipeline. And we want to make sure that were not constrained in any way should the opportunities come forward. So in the near-term thats not a forever comment; thats in the near term that still our focus.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Stratton with Great Lakes Review. Your line is now open.
David Stratton: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
David Stratton: What youre seeing on the foreign basis, are you starting to see or hear anything from your customers regarding the impact of tariffs or just if you can paint some color around what might be going on behind the scenes there and what you are hearing thatd be helpful.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say, obviously certain customers in certain countries are well aware of the dialogue thats going back and forth. I would say, they are being vigilant, but I dont think its having an impact on any decisions they are making in the near term. So, we are not necessarily seeing any project delays or anything like that as a result of the discussions. Now, were pretty balanced around the globe in terms of our manufacturing footprint or ability to supply. So, thatll be helpful for us going forward. But, in the near term, we are not hearing customers putting off projects as a result of concerns in that regard.
David Stratton: And last year, I remember, I think, there was pretty strong mobile phone growth, especially in China regarding automation and once again regarding -- just whats going on politically and then also in the cycle? Is that growth still there that lags?
Mike Hilton: So, last year was a very strong year for the mobile handset market and in particular, there was a lot of new phones introduced and a fair bit of innovation. This year what were seeing is a little bit more incremental approach a little bit less innovation, and thats having an impact on that. I dont think there is any issues related to politics or anything like that. Its really just the function of demand. And overall growth in the smartphone area has moderated a little bit. So, a combination of not a lot a new and some moderation in growth is making a little bit more challenging year for us, particularly on the expense side for the mobile handset market. Nothing politically related there.
David Stratton: And then, one final for me. Normally, I think you give some adjusted EPS outlook, and it doesnt look like youve done that in this quarters press release. So, I was wondering if there is a reason or if you could comment on what you expect the adjusted results to be for the outlook.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. This is Greg. No, we didnt provide any guidance for expected onetime cost in the quarter. We did comment on the duplicate cost which is going to be part of the results, but did not guide to any onetime type of charges in the quarter. If we have them, I wouldnt expect them to be significant.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Chris Dankert: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Chris Dankert: I guess, just kind of building off last question a bit here. Any comments -- I mean, you mentioned that in line semi test was growing nicely. I guess any commentary on investments in Chinas semiconductor? How that growth is benefitting the technology segment right now?
Mike Hilton: Well, Id say, the investment has largely -- in China has largely been in the backend packaging side, which is helpful for us. As far as the semiconductor side, there is certainly a lot of government support for additional investment. But thats not necessarily leading the way as it relates to opportunities for us. The opportunities for us in semi side are in very advanced dispense and very advanced inspections. Id say in the inspection side, weve seen pretty solid growth. Id say, on the dispense side, some of the newer technology, we have additional interest in that, but hasnt necessarily come to fruition yet in the last quarter or so.
Chris Dankert: Got you. And you said, the organic growth from medical, still looking at high single digit range. I guess, youve had Vention convention on board for a year now. Just any commentary on -- did that fully hit target? Is it much better than you expected; just some thoughts on cross-selling, anything on Vention specifically?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, Id say, Vention is meeting our expectations. Id say, on the cross-selling side, were seeing some uplift there. What we did is we organized our overall medical business into a one Nordson platform and really integrated the other components of our business into the Vention structure where theres a design and development piece, a components -- proprietary components piece and a very focused finished device piece that includes the prior too. And we like that structure going forward. And we think that gets us closest to the critical customers that drive growth in that business. So, I would say, we feel good about the direction that thats heading. We feel good about the integration, we feel good about one -- the one Nordson medical approach now with the capability that we have.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Ive got just one follow-up on the guidance and then one on the outlook. When you were talking about the GAAP, non-GAAP, EPS in one of the prior questions, so just want to clarify, Greg that in your third quarter youre not going to have any inventory purchase accounting adjustments or other acquisition costs or severance, anything to adjust the non-GAAP, so the GAAP, non-GAAP should be the same?
Greg Thaxton: Correct. We will not have any more inventory step-up for those acquisition related. If there would be any other one-time like restructuring, I wouldnt expect it to be material, the timing of when those kind of activities hit is unknown. So, there is -- there are no charges in our guidance for EPS related to restructuring. But, again, were past the acquisition related charges. Weve also anniversaried the Vention acquisition. So, we dont have the incremental intangible asset amortization expense over the prior year, going forward. But, as I mentioned, we do have the duplicate cost associated with the facility consolidation in the numbers and that charges in the EPS guidance.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And that was $2 million?
Greg Thaxton: Right.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And then, when you were -- on the conference call last quarter, you guys were talking about kind of a project funnel in electronics that was pretty full that you said Im pretty optimistic about. Did something happen during the quarter to make you less optimistic? I think about you talking about your order trends, I think, Mike you mentioned that orders were flat. How are you feeling about electronics in market and the projects funnel going forward?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Id say, there are still some project efforts ongoing. I would say, it feels clearly like a talk here though where theres less innovation going in. And in the third quarter, particularly last year, we had a huge step-up on the dispense side. And I think, what were saying is we dont see that kind of step up. And thats really challenge in the third quarter, and quite frankly, the biggest challenge for the whole year. Now, if you look at some of the say the inspection side, weve got a more diverse end markets. And were seeing a lot of good growth in that part of the business, including areas like auto electronics, which have been fairly strong for us. So, it really comes down to a very significant step-up last year in the third quarter that were trying to offset with all the other businesses and thats a challenge in the quarter. And quite frankly, its pressure on the whole year.
Walter Liptak: Okay. So, maybe the way to look at it is that were kind of in this flat environment where there with Advanced Tech on the tough comps, so in decline. And then, coatings and adhesives sound like theyre experiencing some kind of low single digit growth.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I think, if you put it in the perspective for the whole year, we said we expected organically to see sort of that low single digit growth. I think, if you look at the two areas that we called out, sort of spend side for mobile electronics and the auto platform work outside of that and everything else has grown mid single digit plus. So, its really the drag associated with those two as a function and particularly largely the electronics dispense piece in a year where there is less customer innovations, so less opportunity for us. So, the other businesses, we expect to have a very solid year.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Matt Summerville with D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open.
Matt Summerville: A quick follow-up maybe to your last comment, Mike; last year in fiscal 17, rough cuts. What percent of revenue would have been driven by the mobile expense and auto platform businesses you mentioned?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, I think if you look at just the Advanced Tech segment, the mobile piece could have been close to on the expense side, its probably in that sort of 20% range or so. And the auto piece was probably about 20% of the coatings business. So, both of those will see decline this year that will be sort of double digit decline.
Matt Summerville: And then, just with respect to whether you look sequentially the incremental margin, if you will, on the higher revenue that youre forecasting, look pretty minimal on a year-over-year basis, decremental on your revenue outlook, looks gigantic. So, just help me understand again the margin implications that maybe this mobile piece is having in ATS. When I look back at your several fiscal Q3s, you have been posting 30% plus margin. Whats implied here today is obviously make the math work, your EPS guidance is considerably less than that? Can you just close the loop on that?
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. I guess, what Id suggest is for the base business, so weve got the Sonoscan acquisition thats incremental that is not going to carry the kind of margins the base Nordson business does. Its got some non-cash charges for purchase accounting that burden those results. If you then take the base business and look at kind of model the just like we have the incremental on the upside, were going to have that same kind of decremental on the down side, impacting our margins. So, I dont know that Id say its outsized from what we typically incurred historically.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions in the queue at this time. Id like to turn the call back over to Mike Hilton, CEO for any closing remarks.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. And thank you all for participating in todays call. The bottom line, I think our core business is strong. Well continue to grow. And we have some strategic acquisitions that weve made that were pleased with. And we have some opportunities going forward to increase both our organic growth and our acquisition growth consistent with sort of our long-term objectives. So, again, thank you to our global team for staying focused in delivering this quarter and into the future. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Nordson Corporation Conference Call today, Friday, February 23, 2018, to report Fiscal Year 2018 First Quarter Results and Fiscal Year 2018 Second Quarter Outlook. Today's conference call is being broadcast live on Nordson's webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of the conference call available until March 9, 2018, which can be accessed by dialing (404) 537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 4186237. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After remarks on the quarter, there will be a question-and-answer session. With that being said, I would like to introduce Mike Hilton, President and Chief Executive Officer of Nordson Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's 2018 first quarter conference call. I'm joined by Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'm very pleased to report that Nordson's outstanding global team has once again delivered record results. We successfully leveraged increased sales volume to drive improvement in operating margin, diluted earnings per share, and EBITDA, as compared to the first quarter a year-ago. Our technology leadership, excellence in customer service, and diversification efforts have helped drive this growth. During the quarter, we also completed the acquisition of Sonoscan as well as certain assets from Infiniti Dosing. I would like to extend a warm welcome to these employees that have recently joined Nordson; we're looking forward to expanding our capabilities with these great additions to the portfolio in the coming months. I will now provide some highlights on our financial performance and Greg will offer more detailed commentary in a few moments. Looking at the first quarter, sales, operating profit, diluted earnings per share, and EBITDA, were all first quarter records. We generated strong top-line against a very challenging prior year comparison where total company organic growth was 10%. Demand was robust in most all of our product lines and was largely driven by continued strong demand within electronics and medical end markets. We remain committed to delivering the best technology solutions, while employing continuous improvement initiatives to drive bottom-line results. Excluding one-time charges of $2 million and the incremental $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense in the current year's first quarter, adjusted operating margin was 23% in the current quarter, up 420 basis points over the prior year. EBITDA increased 49% in the quarter and EBITDA margin improved 250 basis points both as compared to the same period a year ago, representing very strong first quarter performance. Looking ahead to the second quarter, we are expecting organic sales growth to be more modest as we're up against challenging comparisons to the prior year where organic sales growth was 9%. I'll speak more about the outlook in a few moments, but first I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed perspective on the first quarter and our second quarter guidance.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. I'll first provide some comments on our first quarter results before moving on to our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018. First quarter sales were $550 million, an increase of 35% over the prior year's first quarter. This change in sales included approximately 19% growth in organic volume, approximately 12% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions, and approximately 5% increase related to the favorable effect of currency translation compared to the prior year's first quarter. Organic sales growth was at the high end of our guidance, driven primarily by strong demand in electronics and medical end markets. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, general product assembly, rigid packaging, and non-woven's product lines drove this segment's growth in the quarter, offset by softness in the polymer processing product lines. Japan and Asia were strongest regionally. Within the Advanced Technology Systems segment, the 83% sales volume growth over the prior year first quarter included 50% organic volume growth and 33% growth related to the first year effective acquisitions. This is very strong performance particularly considering the difficult comparisons to the prior year first quarter where organic growth for this segment was 23%. Although electronic end markets were the strongest, all product lines and geographies generated organic growth in the quarter. This segment's acquisitive growth includes the fiscal 2017 acquisitions of ACE, InterSelect, Plas-Pak, and Vention, and one month of the fiscal 2018 acquisition of Sonoscan, which as Mike noted, we added to do portfolio in January. Within the Industrial Coating segment, powder, container, and liquid finishing product lines drove this quarter's organic sales growth, geographically Europe, Japan, and Asia were the strongest. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 55% in the quarter and operating profit improved 55% to $118 million as compared to the prior year's first quarter, with reported operating margin of 21% in the current quarter. As Mike noted, the quarter's results include approximately $6 million of incremental intangible asset amortization expense as compared to the prior year which dilutes operating margin by more than 100 basis points. Excluding the $2 million of one-time charges in the quarter, and the $6 million of the incremental amortization expense, adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 23% which compares to 19% for the prior year first quarter. On a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 24% in the quarter or 25% when excluding one-time restructuring charges in the quarter of $1 million related to U.S. facility consolidation efforts. The dilution from the prior year's first quarter's 26% operating margin primarily relates to the inefficiencies of working through the U.S. facility consolidation. Within the Advanced Technology System segment, reported operating margin was 25% in the first quarter or 27% when excluding the $6 million of the incremental intangible asset amortization expense, and $1 million of short-term purchase accounting charges related to the step-up in value of Sonoscan acquired inventory. This 900 basis point improvement over prior year's first quarter margin of 18% is driven primarily by volume leverage. Industrial Coating segment reported operating margin of 18% in the first quarter, is up 450 basis points from the prior year due to product mix and volume leverage. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $105 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.78, a 107% increase over the prior year GAAP diluted earnings per share. The $6 million of incremental intangible asset amortization charges reduced EPS by $0.08 per diluted share, and previously mentioned charges of $1 million for short-term purchase accounting related to the step-up and value of acquired inventory, and the $1 million of non-recurring restructuring charges reduced EPS by $0.02 per diluted share. As a result of U.S. Federal Income Tax Reform legislation passed in 2017, a one-time discrete tax benefit of $22 million or $0.37 per diluted share was recognized in the quarter. This includes an estimated benefit of $45 million related to the revaluation of net deferred tax liabilities and an estimated charge of $23 million for the transition tax on deemed unrepatriated foreign earnings. Additionally, a tax benefit of $5 million or $0.08 per diluted share was recognized in the quarter related to the adoption of new accounting standard requiring excess tax benefits related to share-based payment transactions to be credit to income tax expense rather than equity. A reconciliation of GAAP earnings per share to non-GAAP adjusted earnings per share is included in the financial exhibits of our press release. We delivered strong first quarter EBITDA of $141 million, a 49% increase over the prior year first quarter, and EBITDA margin improved 250 basis points to 26% as compared to prior year's first quarter. From a balance sheet perspective net debt to trailing 12-months EBITDA inclusive of acquired EBITDA was 2.2 times at the end of the first quarter. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends, and adjusted free cash flow before dividends, as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. I'll now turn to the outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2018. Prior year's second quarter organic growth was 9%. So we're up against challenging comparisons again. We are forecasting sales to increase in the range of 9% to 13% as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This outlook includes organic volume to be in the range of down 3% to up 1%, 7% growth from the first year effective acquisitions, and a positive currency effect of 5% based on the current exchange rate environment as compared to the prior year. At the mid-point of this outlook, we expect second quarter gross margin to be about 55% and operating margin to be approximately 22% or 23% excluding $6 million of incremental asset intangible amortization expense as compared to the prior year. We're estimating second quarter interest expense of about $11 million and an effective tax rate of 25%, for second quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.33 to $1.47 per diluted share. This earnings per share range is inclusive of $0.08 per diluted share of incremental intangible asset amortization expense as compared to the prior year. With forecasted depreciation and amortization expense of about $28 million in the quarter, we expect EBITDA to be in the range of $143 million to $154 million, up 21% at the mid-point over the prior year. I'll add a few additional comments relative to our forecasted tax rate that may be helpful for modeling purposes. Our forecasted effective tax rate for the second quarter and full-year based on lower U.S. corporate tax rate and our jurisdictional mix of income is 25%. At this time, we estimate our fiscal 2019 effective tax rate to be between 22% and 23% based on current tax laws. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Again I'd like to thank our global team for delivering these strong results. Our second quarter guidance reflects more modest sales growth as compared to the prior year's challenging second quarter growth. Our strategic priorities and capital deployment objectives remain consistent. We'll continue to focus our efforts on technology leadership, product tiering new applications, and market penetration to drive growth over the long-term. We will continue to leverage the tools within the Nordson business system to drive operating efficiencies across the organization and we'll continue to see high quality companies that fit our targeted spaces will help us achieve long-term growth and profitability. With that, we will pause and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Charlie Brady from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Charlie Brady: Mike, can you just talk about the commentary about in Adhesive Dispensing the inefficiencies from that facility consolidation? Can you comment on kind of the impact in that quarter, is that done now at the end of the first quarter or is that continuing into 2Q?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So as you recall, we've laid out a plan to consolidate three facilities into one and to finish that consolidation by the end of this fiscal year. At the moment, we have four facilities running because we are transitioning equipment and capability between those three and the new facility. So I'd say the biggest impact is probably in this quarter, but we'll see some continued impact as we systematically close those remaining three facilities, but it's not all going to happen at once, but it is happening according to plan and we will be through that by the end of this fiscal year.
Charlie Brady: Would you expect the EBIT margin impact in Q2 to be at a similar impact to Q1?
Greg Thaxton: Charlie this is Greg. I would say it'll be a similar impact in Q2. Generally we expect that impact to kind of scale down as we get into the back half of the year but if we're looking at Q2, it's probably going to be a similar impact.
Charlie Brady: Okay. And can you remind us --
Mike Hilton: Let me just make one more comment, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Sorry.
Mike Hilton: As we look to next year obviously we will have the facilities consolidated, we won't have the duplication of costs and as part of this facility consolidation. We've also invested in new equipments which should add some efficiencies, so we should see some benefits into 2019.
Charlie Brady: Thanks, that's helpful. Hey, on Advanced Tech, can you remind us what the current mix of the non-electronics piece is right now and kind of how you think that shapes out for the year?
Mike Hilton: Yes. If you look at it for the year we're probably looking at about 30% that falls into the medical category, about 20% that falls into non-electronic sort of general industries, and the rest falls into electronics with typically around 15%, 20% that will be sort of mobile phone, another 15% or 20% or so that would be into kind of like automotive electronics and then the rest would be across semiconductor and a variety of other applications.
Greg Thaxton: So we're looking at about half of that being non-electronic, half of that segment being non-electronics related.
Charlie Brady: Great, thanks. I'll hop back in the queue. Appreciate it.
Mike Hilton: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Halloran from Baird. Your line is open.
Mike Halloran: Could you just talk about the backlog trends by segment as you work through the quarter and what's the thought process is when you look at the second quarter, how growth should track across the three businesses?
Mike Hilton: Yes. At a high level we had a pretty nice backlog, I think up about 9%. Order rates were positive as well. What we look at though is what equipment is going to be delivered in the quarter and so some of the backlog is not going to be delivered in the quarter. And then, when we look at year-on-year comparisons, second quarter and third quarter, very strong for us. So we're in that period of time where the order rate comparisons gets a little bit more challenging. So our guidance really reflects what we think is going to be delivered in the quarter in general and then what we think the outlooks against the comparison. I'd say at high level, if we look at the expectations for the businesses and maybe Ill give you a little bit better feel for the year as opposed to just quarter-to-quarter because as you know we have projects that can go in and out, and we have the seasonal -- seasonality. But if we look at what we expect for the year, we expect this to be another growth year for the company. We expect virtually all of the product lines to be up. The one challenge there will be particularly our dispense systems in the electronics area which are most linked to the mobile phone kind of business and having such a tremendous year. Last year that's going to be a challenge. Our hope is that the other general industries activities and the medical business will offset that.
Mike Halloran: So when I think about on a forward basis here obviously really impressive electrical onboarding this quarter. What's the thought process moving forward in terms of how is the pipeline look with -- what are the customers are saying out there, I mean is there a pause against these really difficult comparisons or is the thought process you can be able to maintain this high level even if there's not a lot of growth, but at least maintain the pace of revenue as it sits here today?
Mike Hilton: So if you look across the total segment, as I said, I think we're expecting that the other parts of business, the non-electronic parts of the business, particularly the non-dispense part of the businesses will help offset which will be what is a challenge year-on-year. That said, if you look at the particular parts of the business, our inspection business is strong, our service treatment business is strong, the new acquisitions are doing well. The dispense business had a strong first quarter but it's going to be challenged the rest of the year just because of the significant business we did last year and the change. On long run, we still expect things to be strong in the electronics segment. Now this is the time of the year that we typically meet with all of the potential innovators in the business and we have lots of projects going with them. The challenge is we don't know which ones of those are going to go forward and what the impact is going to be. But our focus has been to take advantage of whatever growth comes out of that to be flexible, but also to continue to drive the diversification of the business. So to drive medical, to drive the non-electronics piece, and we're seeing good traction there.
Mike Halloran: And then just on the price cost side and the inflationary side, it seems like you guys are in a good spot. But just want to hear how you guys are -- what are you seeing from an inflationary perspective within your portfolio or the supply chain and how you're feeling about it relative to your own financials?
Mike Hilton: So I'd say, we're -- you're seeing some movement in some commodity materials. I think we do a pretty good job in our global sourcing activity of mitigating that impact, and as we continue to innovate with new products, we're able to offset any push there. So we don't see that as a big concern for us.
Mike Halloran: Anything on the labor side?
Mike Hilton: I think we're seeing the typical kind of increases year-on-year and most of those hit in the first -- the first quarter. And at the end of the day our focus is to take all the skilled people that we have and leverage that through our business systems to increase and drive productivity, I think we've done a good job there as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Trusz from Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Matt Trusz: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Mike Hilton: Yes, good morning, Matt.
Matt Trusz: Can you provide some additional granularity on how that non-polymers pieces of ADS performed from an end market perspective and just overall how do you see customer spending levels in 2018 and from the Tax Act you think that there will be any impact on their CapEx plans?
Mike Hilton: Yes, if you look at our sort of non-polymer part of the business, packaging tends to be largely linked with the consumer product side of things, it continues to grow, many of our customers are challenged with growth, but there's a lot of focus on productivity and improvement which helps us, plus we continue to drive new applications and recapitalization through technology. So that's been solid. I would say our non-woven's business, the diaper and other related products has been solid. Product assembly can be a little here but we expect that over the year to be solid. And if you look at the underlying drivers of growth, a lot of that links to middle class, improvement in middle class, consumption-related activities we expect to see that continue to be strong. I'd say as a direct effect of the Tax Act, I think people are still trying to sort that out and figure out what that means to the extent that we would see an uptick in investment in the U.S. that would be encouraging for us. And as I mentioned, a lot of our businesses where customers looking at productivity improvement falls into a sweet spot. And I'd say in a broader note talking just about the polymer part of the business, we're seeing nice improvement in order entry across all those product lines, so that's encouraging as well.
Matt Trusz: Great, thanks. And then turning to polymers, are you seeing elements of softness in the end markets facing that business? Or you encountering company specific type of challenges, it would be great to have more color either way?
Mike Hilton: It's really neither. We have parts of the business that are bigger order intake particularly the pelletizing part of the business and that can be lumpy. And so we're really just looking at a year-on-year comparison where we had a big order in the first quarter last year and didn't have a similar big order this year. Yet if I look at order rates they're up nicely across all of the product lines there. So not a concern that we have just timing and that that like product assembly and some of our electronics business can be lumpy at times and year-over-year doesn't always line up, but if you look at year-to-year, we expect to see improvement.
Matt Trusz: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: So just back on the mobile phone customer base, you said this is the time of the year, you're starting to see projects, are they coming in with fewer projects or are they indicating to you that they're going to do less this year or is it still pretty robust?
Mike Hilton: I would say, kind of from November through now is when that project activity is underway. I'd say the activity is pretty robust. We're not clear though in any one year which ones are going to go forward. I think it's prudent to be a little bit cautious just given the magnitude of sort of phone changes that occurred in our customer base last year. But I'd say it will be clear in the next couple of months which ones of these are going to go forward and have an impact. At this point, its going to be tough to offset the really, really strong year we had last year even if you know a reasonable amount of those projects go forward and that's kind of the expectation we have. But outside of the phone business, if you look at auto electronics, some of the other markets, some of the new technologies like flexible circuits which are going into a lot of different things, we're seeing a nice demand there. And we continue to introduce new products that are getting traction. But last year was a particularly strong year because of all of the innovation around the new phones introduced.
Jeff Hammond: And what are you seeing from the China handset OEMs?
Mike Hilton: We're seeing good, I'd say good activity. We're working again with them on projects as well. I'd say well we're in that period of time where we expect to see orders come in. It'll be interesting to see what degree of innovation comes through in their new phone offerings, which will probably be a little bit later this year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then in the guidance you mentioned project timing, I guess stuff in the backlog that's pushing out and into future quarters; is that -- are you seeing a greater component or backlog that's pushing out the normal or is that just kind of normal timing you have some longer cycle projects?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I don't think it's anything unusual. I mean if you look at the projects that tend to be longer that are in our polymer area, that are in our product assembly, some of our orders in other parts of the businesses are released in tranches. And so it's -- I'd say it's nothing particularly unusual, we're just trying to give you the best commentary we can here and give you the best transparency we can.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Just going back to the ATS and I guess this is more than middle handset, Nordson has been fairly successful obviously with diversifying the customer base, gaining some share. I know you mentioned the model numbers, model change might not be as significant this year, but is there opportunity outside of that for you guys to maybe further diversify that customer base, gain greater share, just any thoughts on that?
Mike Hilton: Yes, absolutely. So I mean what -- there are certain end markets that are growing nicely that become sizable. So we talk about auto electronics is one that will continue to grow not just this year, but in the long run, and we have specific offerings that are getting traction there. We've talked about in the past on the semiconductor side, doing both dispense and inspection at there. And we started to see more customers interested in both the most sophisticated dispense applications that relates to some of their process changes as well as the inspection both on the X-ray side of things as well as more sophisticated bond testing equipment. And so those are applications I'd say and opportunities within the electronics space that really not necessarily tied to the phone systems that are encouraging for us. And then, we talked about sort of the Chinese suppliers on the phone side who are continuing to make good traction there. So the diversification effort within electronics continues both on a customer and application basis and we continue to introduce new technologies it's getting good traction but beyond that we're also trying to drive growth. So, for example, we acquired Plas-Pak last year. They had a segment that we didn't participate in which was animal health and we're seeing some nice growth there. And then of course in the medical we largely expanded that, we're seeing good growth in the medical side of the business. So within and outside the electronics piece, we're trying to continue to drive that diversification.
Greg Thaxton: And Allison, this is Greg. I would add beyond that some of the other acquisitions that we've done in the electronics space, so some of the flex coding dispensing acquisitions, the Sonoscan acquisition, those also will allow us to gain share in spaces that we haven't participated in before.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. And then just going back to the commentary around potential acceleration from the Tax Reform in terms of investment, I understand obviously folks are still kind of working through all that, but if we do get a sense of I guess sort of the figure turns on in terms of that investment maybe in the next three months. How quickly I guess going back to historical, would you recognize that, would this be more of 2019 event for you potentially?
Mike Hilton: It depends a little bit in terms of what part of the business is -- that's related to. So if its consumer product related businesses that could be quicker because likely those will be line upgrades or things like that that could happen sooner. If it's something like platform investment in the automobile side that's probably going to be a longer-term kind of activity, so it depends on the nature of what that investment would look like. If it's a whole new facilities that folks are starting up, they're probably not going to make that happen in the next six to nine months. So it depends a little bit on the nature of what that investment is. If it's ramp up because consumers are benefiting from tax relief as well and looking to spend some of that initial money in the sort of capacity that could be quicker.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, I'd suggest that as Mike mentioned it's really about the scope of the project on our customers and as opposed to our ability to deliver our product within a short timeframe. We could do that, it's how big is the scope of the project for the customer.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Summerville from D.A. Davidson. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: First, in Adhesives, just back to some of questions that were asked earlier. Can you get a little more specific, Greg, in terms of what the absolute impact will be from these inefficiencies this year; is it a $3 million impact, a $10 million impact, somewhere in between, can you just help quantify that?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Matt, I would say as I provided in my comments, if you look excluding the one-time charge at the dilution, you get back to prior year without those inefficiencies. And so that helps you quantify that. And as we mentioned, we will probably have that similar drag in Q2, and then as we get into the back half that dissipates somewhat and then we're past that by the end of fiscal 2018.
Matt Summerville: So if you think about this business, is there anything you're seeing demand or otherwise that leads you to think once you get beyond this facility rationalization consolidation, you start to see those efficiencies, is there any reason that this cannot get back to a 30% plus operating margin business over the next 12 to maybe 24 -- maybe 24 months is a better number than 12?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, if you look at the total, if you look at the total segment, yes, I think that's certainly as we've talked that's our overall goal is to get back to the 30%. So I'd say just to tell you what we're doing, we're going from three facilities to one, but in that we've incorporated new technology that will allow us to get more efficiencies, but also additional capacity and we're also working in parallel, a consolidation in Europe from two facilities to one which will also be done by the end of this year. So we'll have around the globe, the most the latest technology, most efficient facility, so that will help in this area. And then when you look at the total segment, our aspiration would be to get to that 30% level. As you said, it may not be next year, but our aspiration would be to get there and we think we see a path to do that.
Matt Summerville: And then just back to the events-type business of 50% organic in the quarter, can you help parse that or give a bit more granularity with mobile half of that increase or all the increase with medical a quarter up, can you give some sort of weighting to how you would chop up that 50%?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. I would say, if you look at all of this stuff, other than the key dispense parts of the business, it was up nicely double-digits. The dispense was really linked to -- we had some big orders come in, linked to particularly flex circuit technology. So there's a new application in Flex circuits that's getting traction across all of the mobile platforms and then some others. And we-re very well-positioned with our technology to take advantage of that and we had some sizable orders come in and that was the biggest single driver. Now beyond that, we also saw nice growth in all of our inspection business as well, but we had some -- couple of big projects that came in that are really linked to technology moving from rigid to flex circuits of us being well-positioned with our capability around the globe and our product performance take advantage of that.
Matt Summerville: Longer-term Mike, if you look may be beyond the next couple of quarters in the funnel, the conversations you're having with customers whether it'd be things like 3D stacking, whether it'd be things like moving from rigid to flexible circuitry, are there are other opportunities in the funnel, if you want to call it a funnel that can be substantial like what you saw in fiscal Q1?
Mike Hilton: I'd tell you in one quarter that's a pretty big increase. I wouldn't put things in that. I'd say high level trends. Number one auto electronics is just going to continue to grow. I mean we're not to self-driving vehicles yet and it's continuing to grow and to get to there, if you believe we're going to get there it's even more. I'd say number two, trying to do more on wafers prior to dicing is likely to continue to grow as other customers look to adopt that kind of technology because of the benefits that come with it and that's both a dispense and inspection opportunity for us. And then, in our inspection business, as Greg talked about a little bit, we've bought some smaller companies that have regional positions and we've had a lot of success with things like MatriX, and now Select, and that we expect it with Sonoscan as well, globalizing those businesses more effectively, so that we're in fact growing our global position, so those are some of the things that make sense. I mean we have wafer level offerings and bond testing now based on where customers are going that we haven't had before. And these are significantly larger higher priced items. So I think there's some growth opportunities there based on where the technology is heading. There are other projects that the folks are working on; we really can't talk about the nature of those, but the ones I've highlighted I think are good trends for us.
Greg Thaxton: And, Matt, this is Greg. I'd add kind of high level in with that topic is and this has been a good driver for us for several years now is the demand for those end markets continue to require more precision, tighter spaces for dispense, faster demands for both dispense or the TNI. And those trends and those changes that take place in those end markets are good for us and oftentimes we're in a limited group or perhaps the only supplier of that can deliver the needs that they have from a manufacturing perspective. So high level the trends in those end markets continue to be in our favor.
Mike Hilton: I would also like to focus that across all of our businesses, technology plays a critical role. We're introducing new technology everywhere to drive growth. We haven't talked about core adhesives all that much, but we talk a little bit last year about some of our newer non-woven technologies targeting completely new set of customers through a tearing approach. We have some new applications that get into supporting makers of the athletic wear that look like there's some promise. So across all of our businesses we're looking for either applications or product opportunities really to create, as we kind of monitored the last couple of years is how do we create our own growth. I think should the economies continue to improve likely they have last year and hopefully this year and obviously we will float on top of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask about the acquisitions Infiniti Dosing and Sonoscan, I wonder if we can get some details looks like they're small, but if we can get may be of how much cash outflow, how much the prices on them and their revenue contribution?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so in Infiniti was pretty modest, Walt. That's -- I'd say capability in a particular pumping operation that we add to our portfolio will be part of Simtech business. That's relatively modest in terms of a few million dollars. The Sonoscan is little bit more significant than that, probably similar in size to previous acquisitions like MatriX where we expect to grow nicely and will be tens of millions of dollars of revenue for us going forward.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. And with these two deals happening at the beginning of the year, was it just coincident timing or was it once the tax reform went through, you were able to get the deals going and any thoughts on M&A for the rest of the year now that the tax reform's done?
Mike Hilton: Sure. So Walt, I would say these particular ones are ones that we're in the pipeline that we've been working. We have a nice pipeline of opportunities that we continue to work these two just happens to come forward in the first quarter. I would say our priorities maybe a high level question our priorities and capital deployment remain the same, support organic growth, and that includes some of these initiatives we talked about. We'd like to keep up our dividend strategy as we've discussed. We have modest offsets for share dilution although we didn't do much last year. And then, M&A would be a priority. We have a good pipeline of M&A opportunities and our focus last year and continuing through the first part of this year has been to reduce our leverage, so that we have the capacity to move quickly should opportunities come forward, and so that's probably going to continue for certainly the next couple of quarters as we continue to de-lever the capacity there going forward.
Walter Liptak: Okay. With that comment about the good pipeline, is it activity on M&A picking up or you're seeing more businesses come to the marketplace or is it fairly steady with what you saw in the last couple of years?
Mike Hilton: I'd say it's fairly steady. I mean these things you never can time sometimes you work in years on projects to get them to come to fruition, so you can never really time them. I'd say we probably still see the most activity in the medical -- in the medical space but they're smaller properties like these tuck-ins that we've done to support our Advanced Tech or EFT business as well. So we see -- Id say a similar type of pipeline as we had before and we just want to be prepared should something of significance come forward we need to act on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liam Burke from B. Riley FBR. Your line is open.
Liam Burke: Mike, you touched on it briefly on one of the previous questions on the tiering being one of the contributors of the growth there. How is that -- is it continuing to develop the way you want and are you seeing any competitive responses there?
Mike Hilton: I'd say it is continuing the way we want. The one reference, specific net reference I was making had to do with some new products that we developed in China or emerging markets outside of China, so a lower tier non-woven set of customers. I think last year that we had about 60 or 70 new customers that we've never had before. So going a little further down on the pyramid still with good profitability and we're continuing to see traction there. And then I'd say another area where we're seeing some good traction is in the electronics space, particularly a lot of the automotive from formal coating type applications or a tiered -- or a tiered product and we have tiered products as well for the mobile side of the house. So yes, I'd say it's playing out the way weve expected. I think we've been pretty successful. We do have competitors. So but I don't see any significant change there I think it's a combination of having the right offering and then having the full team from the applications team through the supply chain to just secure it and then the service after the sale on all these businesses is critical. So I think that model continues to work and we continue to look for opportunities where we can further tier our various businesses.
Liam Burke: Great, thanks Mike. And Greg, on the consumables was the percentage contribution to revenue within the normal range?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Liam, I'd say it's up closer to the high 40% now. As you think about some of the acquisitions we've completed particularly the Vention acquisition which is a consumable product, so running total company more in that 47%, 48% range.
Liam Burke: Its great. Thank you, Greg. Thank you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Stratton from Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
David Stratton: When looking at your balance sheet, I know that the majority is variable rate debt and given the recent rise in interest rates that we're seeing, can you just kind of give us your thoughts on how you see your capital structure going forward and if there's a plan to maybe shift to more fixed rate or just what are your thoughts on that?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, generally, David, we're always looking at the appropriate mix of that capital structure we'll be taking a look at that coming up as our revolver is coming to maturity, but we tend to keep a pretty balanced, kind of, across the cycle level of both fixed and floating to kind of allow us to be prepared to manage the business appropriately. So we'll focus on that, but it will be a balanced, probably similar to historical trends.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Charlie Brady from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Charlie Brady: Hey thanks. Just want to follow-up on Industrial Coating systems and the margin performance there, pretty strong performance for a first quarter which tends to be the lowest quarter and in general you have a pretty big step-up into Q2, is there some timing that's going on there that would change that normal seasonality or what's driving that strong margin performance in Q1?
Mike Hilton: Well, you know, for a long time, we've had a continued focus on that business improving the profitability and the team has done a nice job of doing that. Id say year-over-year comparisons are probably a little bit more a mix of business than anything else. We did have -- the revenue was up which is helpful from a volume leverage standpoint and then we probably had a little bit better beneficial mix of business year-over-year. But the trends continue to improve in that business and the team is very focused on that, but they're at very nice level given the scope of what they supply.
Charlie Brady: Would you expect the typical revenue kind of -- revenue seasonality, I guess throughout the years you've seen typically?
Mike Hilton: You're talking about that business or in total?
Charlie Brady: About IC. I mean I guess what I'm trying to get to, was there some pull-forward that would just skew the 1Q results higher than the normal seasonality would indicate and therefore we've got some pull-forwards in the rest of the year or it was just a great quarter and the rest of the year kind of continues with the same pattern you'd normally see?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I wouldn't say there was a significant pull-forward there, no. And we would expect similar pattern where the second half of the year is typically stronger than the first half of the year from a volume perspective. In that business, we've got a variety of different product lines, so the mix can have effect year-on-year, and I think most of what you're seeing here is a little bit of volume leverage and a mix effect year-over-year.
Greg Thaxton: But Charlie back to a comment Mike made earlier, this is -- this segment as well as the other segments, we continue to focus on those continuous improvement initiatives and believe that generally across the board we can continue to raise margins everything else being equal from period to period. There's improvement opportunity across the business.
Charlie Brady: So just on that Greg because this is a business that one point if you got to 12% EBITDA margin was going to be a Home Run, a few years back we're high-teens right now. I guess our thinking kind of been we're kind of top end of the range, kind of 17%, 18% EBIT margin not much more there, it sounds like that's not really the correct way to look at it and maybe you guys see a little more upside over the next two or three years beyond that level; is that correct?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, I think what our goal going back five or six years ago was at the high end -- this is a cyclical business, right, so at the high end of the cycle we got to be approaching 20%. And obviously we will be lower than that if we're at the low end of the cycle. But still our aspiration is still get to that 20% level and I think the team has done a great job, it's not easy to get there when you think about the scope of what we do because of all the things that we buy in as being largely the OEM in that particular space. But we're very focused on improving that. And Id say from a company level, we talked about moving to a global sort of shared service approach to help us scale and grow more effectively and integrate things more effectively and we're in the beginning of that process as well. We're looking to standup our North American service center in the May/June timeframe this year and then move to Europe and then move to Asia. So we're doing some other things to help leverage going forward in the short-term that probably adds some additional cost but in the long run that will be a benefit.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions from our phone lines. I would now like to turn the conference call back over to Mike Hilton for any closing remarks.
Mike Hilton: So thanks everyone for all of the questions and interest this quarter. I'd also like to put a big thank you out to our global team who continues to exceed my expectations. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-12-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Conference Call today, December 14, 2017 to report Fiscal Year 2017 Fourth Quarter Results and Fiscal Year 2018's First Quarter outlook. Today's conference call is being broadcast live on Nordson's webpage at Nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay for the conference call available until December 28, 2017. This can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 7396249. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After remarks on the quarter, there will be a question-and-answer session. With that being said, I will like to introduce Mike Hilton, President and Chief Executive Officer of Nordson Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's 2017 Fourth Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined by Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'd like to begin by recognizing the outstanding effort of our global team for delivering full year record-sales operating process, earnings per share and EBITDA. Our commitment to meeting our customers' needs and delivering the best technology solutions continues to be our priority, helping us surpass $2 billion in annual revenue this year. I'll provide some highlights on our record-setting financial performance and Greg will offer more detailed commentary. Looking at the fourth quarter, organic growth of 2% was driven by a strong demand in the electronics end market, along with solid growth in medical and those end market serving the Adhesive Dispensing segment. Against very challenging comparisons of year ago where total company organic growth increased 13%, this quarter's performance exceeded our guidance. Our recent acquisitions added 10% growth for the quarter, the sales volume coupled with our continuous improvement initiatives resulted in EBITDA growth of 17% and EBITDA margin improvement of about 1 percentage point in the fourth quarter as compared to the same period a year ago. Also during the quarter, we increased our annual dividend by 11%, marking our 54th consecutive year of dividend increases. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was solid and in what again was a very strong year for Nordson. Looking ahead to the New Year, our backlog indicates another robust first quarter for fiscal 2018. Our guidance for the quarter is very strong and is largely driven by our Advanced Technology segment where strong demand in electronics and medical end markets is driving performance. I'll speak more about our outlook in a few moments, but first, I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed perspective on the fourth quarter and our first quarter guidance. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. I'll first provide some comments on our fourth quarter and full fiscal year results before moving on to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Fourth quarter sales were $574 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year's fourth quarter. This change in sales included a 2% increase in organic volume; the 10% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions; and the 1% increase related to the favorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. Organic growth exceeded the high end of our guidance range driven primarily by strong demand in electronics end market. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, sales in Adhesive Dispensing segment increased 6% as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter, inclusive of 4% organic volume growth and 2% related to favorable effects of currency translation. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of organic growth in the segment, where all product lines in nearly all regions drove the increase in the current quarter. Within the Advanced Technology segment, sales volume increased 29% from the prior year fourth quarter, inclusive of 4% organic volume growth and 25% growth related to the first year effect of acquisitions. The effects of currency translation were immaterial. This is outstanding performance that exceeded our expectations considering the difficult comparison to the prior year fourth quarter where organic growth for this segment was 30%. Strong demand from electronics and medical end markets drove the current quarter's growth. We continue to benefit from the ongoing changing technology in the marketplace and our ability to broaden our application solutions. Regionally, growth was strongest in Japan with the Americas and U.S. also adding to this growth. This segment's acquisitive growth includes one month of a fiscal 2016 LinkTech acquisition and the fiscal 2017 acquisitions of Ace, Interselect, Plas-Pak and Vention. Organic sales volume in the industrial coating segment decreased 8% where this segment was also up against the very challenging comparison to the fourth quarter a year ago where organic volume growth was 12%. Customer demand in most product lines was offset by strong prior year performance in our cold material product line. Europe and Japan were strongest geographically in the current quarter. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company was 54% in the quarter and operating profit improved 13% to $125 million as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter where reported operating margin of 22% in the quarter. This performance includes approximately $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense related to acquisitions made in the current year which dilutes operating margin by a full basis point. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 28% in the fourth quarter. This was an impressive improvement of 4 percentage points driven by changes in product mix and fewer restructuring charges as compared to the prior year. The current quarter includes approximately $1 million in restructuring charges related to facility consolidation efforts. Within the Advanced Technology segment, reported operating margin was 24% in the fourth quarter or 26% when excluding $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense related to current year acquisition. Industrial Coating segment delivered operating margin of 18% in the fourth quarter, down from the prior year's exceptional performance due to volume leverage in mix, but still strong performance for this segment. On a total company basis, net income for the quarter was $80 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.37, a 5% increase over the prior year GAAP diluted earnings per share. The $6 million of intangible asset amortization charges in the current quarter where current year acquisitions reduced earnings per share by $0.07. As Mike noted, we delivered strong fourth quarter EBITDA of $150 million, a 17% increase over the prior year fourth quarter and EBITDA margin improved 1 percentage point to 26% as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. Cash flow from operations was $133 million and free cash flow before dividends was $111 million or 139% of net income, highlighting our continued focus on liquidity. Our press release includes financial exhibits reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends and adjusted free cash flow before dividends as well as EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA. I'll now share a few comments on our full year results. Sales for fiscal 2017 were $2.1 billion, inclusive of very strong organic growth of 8% as compared to the prior year, which also was a strong year for Nordson. The first year effective acquisitions added 7% sales growth and we continue to be pleased with the performance of these acquisitions. Full year operating profit was $458 million, which is an increase of 18% over the prior year and inclusive of approximately $15 million of intangible asset amortization expense related to current year acquisitions. Reported operating margin was 22% or 24% on an adjusted basis to exclude both the effective one-time charges highlighted in the EPS reconciliation financial exhibit and the $15 million intangible asset amortization expense, representing a 200 basis point improvement over the prior year's adjusted operating margin. Net income for the full year was $296 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $5.08. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 15% over the prior year to $5.37. Both EPS amounts include the $0.18 per share of charges for intangible asset amortization expense for fiscal 2017 acquisitions. A reconciliation between GAAP earnings and adjusted earnings per share is included within the financial exhibits to our press release. EBITDA for the full year increased 19% to $547 million and adjusted EBITDA increased 22% to $565 million, both compared to the prior year. EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA margin were 26% and 27% respectively, both up over 100 basis points as compared to the prior year. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA inclusive of acquired EBITDA was just under 2.5x at the end of the fourth quarter. We generated $282 million of free cash flow before dividends and distributed $64 million in dividends for a payout ratio of 22%. I'll now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. We entered the quarter with strong momentum where as of October 31, 2017; backlog was approximately $402 million, an increase of 45% compared to the prior year, inclusive of 28% organic growth and 17% growth due to acquisition. Backlog amounts are calculated at October 31, 2017 exchange rates. We're forecasting sales to increase in the range of 30% to 34% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This growth includes organic volume growth of 15% to 19%, 11% growth from the first year effective acquisitions and the positive currency effect of 4% based on the current exchange rate environment. At the midpoint of this outlook, we expect first quarter gross margin to be about 55% and operating margin to be approximately 22% or 23% excluding $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense associated with fiscal 2017 acquisitions. EBITDA margin is forecasted at 27% for the quarter as compared to 23% for the prior year's first quarter. We're estimating first quarter interest expense of about $11 million, depreciation and amortization expense of about $25 million and an effective tax rate of 29% based on current tax law resulting in first quarter forecast of GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.29 to $1.39 per diluted share. The CPS range is inclusive of the $6 million or $0.07 per diluted share of intangible asset amortization expense related to the fiscal 2017 acquisitions. These charges did not occur during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We expect EBITDA to be in the range of $141 million to $150 million. In addition to this first quarter outlook, the following full year data points may be helpful where our effective tax rate were forecasting the full year rate to be 29% based on current tax law and we're forecasting capital spending to be approximately $60 million. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. This is outstanding performance for both the fourth quarter and the full fiscal year. I want to again thank our global team for helping us deliver these record results for fiscal 2017. Our first quarter guidance is very strong, largely driven by the Advanced Technology segment where strong demand in electronics and medical end markets is driving performance. Our diversification efforts to drive growth through new applications, technology and tiering are paying off and our recent acquisitions are off to a good start. With a short-cycled nature of our end markets, we have limited visibility to sales beyond the first quarter. However, we do anticipate future organic sales growth to moderate to more typical levels beyond our first quarter, particularly giving the challenging comparisons from a strong fiscal 2017. Our strategic priorities for the year remain consistent with prior years and will continue to be focused on driving our growth initiatives across each segment. From an [indiscernible] perspective, we'll continue to target high-quality companies in our targeted space and we'll continue to use tools within the Nordson business system to drive operating improvement across the enterprise. With that, we'll pause now and take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of Alembic Global Advisors. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thank you. Good morning. Can you first talk about the Advanced Tech business and whether there's a clearly-defined timing element to this? I guess the best word may be described as the surge you anticipate in your business in Q1? Whether that's a handful of projects, a few customer concentrations that's driving that or this is indeed something more broad-based and then also historically you've given quarterly order data. Is there are reason you're not providing that and if so, are you able to provide it in response to the question?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Let me comment on the first piece. What we've seen really in the tail end of our fourth quarter and into the first quarter is continuing strong demand in the electronic segment. A good portion of that is mobile-related. But also, we're seeing some large orders related to some underlying growth in newer technologies. For one example, that would be moving from rigid to flex circuits to provide some more flexibility to customers with smaller design footprints. What I'd say is that we saw a couple of large projects come through, some of that supporting mobile directly, some of that more broadly-based. So obviously we've had a pretty strong year of mobile introductions this year and that has continued a little bit into the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. At a high level, that's what we're seeing on the electronic side. As far as the guidance around orders, let me give you our thought process here. We've been thinking about the order guidance for quite a while. Originally, we provided that because we thought it was providing additional insight with regard to underlying run rate across the business. But more recently over the last couple of years, we've seen through the order rates be out of whack a little bit with backlog and/or our sales guidance. And the reasons behind that are a couple of fold [ph]. The mix of our business has changed with the growth in the Advanced Technology segment, both in electronics and now in the medical business. Particularly in the electronics side, our delivery windows have been shrinking and the timing of orders year-to-year has varied pretty considerably. In addition, we have some customers who places orders for large projects, but look at deliveries over multiple quarters. We've found ourselves in situations where we're explaining why our sales guidance looks out [indiscernible] with our order growth rate and we thought a more consistent way to look at things was to give you sort of the backlog at the end of the quarter and then our guidance going forward that takes all of those kinds of things into effect. And we also were getting feedback from many of our shareholders that they were getting confused by order rate data and it wasn't necessarily healthy to provide additional insight. That's why we decided to make that change.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then just one follow-up with respect to Advanced Tech; as I look at the incremental margins in the fourth quarter, if I back out, I think the $6 million of intangibles amortization, I come up with a number in the high 20s, which isn't a bad number per se, but I guess I would think with the high positive volume gain, maybe that number would be a little bit higher. So going forward -- and I assume you're going to continue to include the intangibles amortization as you've laid it out in your guidance -- what's sort of the right way to think about the incrementals in Advanced Tech going forward?
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. What I'll add there is we did see good volume growth success in the fourth quarter, but that was largely acquisitive growth. We had low single-digit growth on an organic basis and what we had suggested in prior quarters was the operating margin excluding the intangible asset amortization for those acquisitions was very near the opt margins of that segment. Have we seen stronger organic growth? Or when we see stronger organic growth, that's where we see very strong incremental margins helping lift margins. In this case, that wasn't necessarily true.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Halloran of Baird. Your line is open.
Michael Halloran: On the order side, the one thing that was useful was the composition by segment. Could you give a little context on the backlog as we exit the year in two respects? One, I'm guessing, Mike, that it meres [indiscernible] the comments that you just gave to Matt's question, but a little thought on the backlog as you look through the segments and also how to think about conversion of backlog into revenue?
Mike Hilton: Yes. From an overall backlog standpoint, obviously the strongest change year-on-year is in the Advanced Tech segment and if you take out -- for a couple of reasons; one, most of the acquisitions fall into that. They're all falling to that segment, number one. Number two, on an organic basis, medical is strong, electronics is particularly strong. As you look at the other businesses, our Adhesives business was up, our Coating business was a little bit down and that's really more of a year-on-year comparison where the prior year we had some strong flip in Q4 and then Q1, some strong auto platform work that didn't repeat. I'd say in general, the biggest driver is the Advanced Tech segment, but the Adhesives piece is up as well. As we look to the first quarter, we expect all of the segments to be up, but again, the key driver is going to be the Advanced Tech piece.
Michael Halloran: And the backlog conversion question?
Mike Hilton: I'd say for this quarter coming forward, lowest of what we see in the backlog will get converted in the first quarter, but we do have some longer projects both in the Adhesives area, particularly the polymers and then some of the industrial coatings and even in some of the technology side where you have some orders to potentially push out. I'd say a good portion of that as you know converts within the quarter.
Michael Halloran: That's sort of my guess. And then second question, obviously the seasonality on the Advanced Tech side is shifted around here. Your answer to previous question, quite some nice project activity, some electronics pieces that have moved in the quarter, some of the higher complexity items helping out. I know your visibility is limited on that side, but could you help provide how you're thinking about seasonality through fiscal '18? Are you expecting some seasonality to materialize in the fiscal second quarter that maybe would have materialized in the fiscal first quarter before ramping hard in the back half of the year? Something smoother than that now that you've got a larger piece of that portfolio being medical? Maybe just thoughts on the cadence.
Mike Hilton: Yes, just a couple of comments there. I'd say the first quarter obviously is stronger than we would have expected at the year-end, but that's really linked to some of those large orders that we got. When you look at the second and third quarters going out, we had strong double-digit organic growth. There are going to be a little tougher comps year-over-year. So I think that will be the challenge that we're up against. I would say across the businesses and you start at the technology side of things, we are looking on a pro forma basis, medical being a sizable part of the portfolio now and that Advanced Tech piece, it's likely to be in that 30% range. So that's going to be something that's a little bit more stable and then I'd say if you look at the pieces, not electronic-related beyond medical is probably as much as another 20%. So that's also likely to be a bit more stable throughout the year and less seasonal. The electronics piece is the one that can vary, but I would say is this is the time of the year where we look at and work with our key customers on project activity and our project activity continues to be robust. I think the challenge will be that it's been a strong launch here by some of the mobile guys, but we're seeing a lot of interest in some of the newer technology, whether that's on the wafer side or whether that's on some of the things like flexible packaging side of things which is gaining share in the marketplace and has generally higher growth. We'd be figuring out that mix particularly in that segment against some stronger comps in the second or third quarter I think is the challenge. But that's the best insight we can provide at this point.
Michael Halloran: Thanks for that. I appreciate the color. Congrats on a very nice quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Trusz of Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just following up on that, could you go through more detail and discuss the technology dynamics driving growth and electronics away from mobile and more on the chip and semi side?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I'll make a couple of comments. On the semi side, we've historically done a lot on the packaging, but now we're seeing some customers that are looking at Advanced Technologies where they're actually stacking on the wafer as opposed to after the wafer is diced. And so ultimately that will proceed towards what's called through silicon via [ph]; so just think of that going vertical on the chip architecture and doing that on the wafer. That's a new application that has resulted in some nice growth for us over the last sort of 18 months. There are still potential additional customers that would adopt that particular approach and that's very sophisticated technology that we developed in concert with these customer applications. I'd say on the expense side, but also on the inspection side, a lot of the new products on the electronics side have enabled growth in a number of areas. On the packaging side, on the flexible packaging, rigid packaging and flexible packaging, in smaller packages to basically cram more in and allow for growth in the batteries, customers are starting to go to more flexible packages and that's something that our technology is enabling. And then I'd say if you look on a broader basis, right now, today, probably about 15% of Advanced Technology business goes into auto electronics and we see that as a longer term growth opportunity as you move towards more and more senses in equipment that would support eventually autonomous driving. We're doing a lot of development there. And then when you look at the non-electronics part in the Advanced Technologies space, with the medical piece, virtually all of the medical growth is coming from supporting new products and new applications for customers and that's the hallmark of our total company in all of our businesses, in our focuses around how do we create our own demand or whether that's in our Adhesives area, our Coatings area or in Advanced Technology area. That's really the focus and that's something we've been driving already relatively lower growth environment that we've seen over the last several years.
Matthew Trusz: Great, thank you for the detail. Just to ask a follow-up on that. What's your sense of the penetration of these newer technologies into the supply chain and how many more years or portion of the market will need to adapt?
Mike Hilton: I'd say it's early on, but it's hard to say for what I sense at all will be adapted. I think if you look at broader flex circuit technology, that's something that's growing through the high signal digits rates right now as basically some of the rigid circuit board gets converted over. On the wafer side, there are multiple ways to get at three-dimensional approach. It depends on which dimensions the customers take, but there's still some additional opportunity there. And then one area we haven't talked about yet is the other things that we offer on the electronics space, particularly test and inspection. Customers go to either three-dimensions or different approaches in process or technology. The inspection to this is becoming more critical particularly on the x-ray side of things and we've got a whole new set of products that are doing really well. And then our most recent acquisitions of the smaller [indiscernible] based companies were off to a good start as well and that's interconnect and ultimately three-dimension. So, we feel pretty good about that. It's also a lot about electronics, but that's the philosophy in terms of driving new product and new application growth, and as Greg said earlier, tiering what we try to do across all of our business.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. I'll just add a high-level comment. A lot of the trends that Mike talked about translate into more sophisticated solutions for our customers, that they're dispensing smaller quantities in tighter, more difficult to reach spaces and the more sophisticated the application is, the more likely they're coming to Nordson for that solution provider.
Matthew Trusz: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Stratton of Great Lakes. Your line is open.
David Stratton: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just one for me today; given the growth especially in ATS, can you talk a little bit about capacity where you stand as acquisitions? Have they been adding to capacities that you don't really need to expand? Or is there a potential to this growth to create some bottlenecks and impact your ability to meet demand in the near future?
Mike Hilton: There's a lot in that question, but let me suggest that -- I'd say particularly on the electronics side, we've become a very adapted flexing up and down. We have our facilities across the world where we have capacity to flex up and down and we've also used our Nordson business systems to many cases, re-layout our factory to relatively low cost and capability. So I think we're very good there. I'd say with the medical business as an example, we have been through the acquisitions adding not only capacity but capability in the U.S. and outside the U.S. and we have been expanding. We built a new facility in Colorado; we've expanded our facility in Mexico with our latest acquisitions; we've got some additional capability and we're all centered in all the key areas where our customers are doing their development work. But then I'd say across all of our businesses, we've used a combination of our continuous improvement activity and increasing levels of upgrading of equipment and automation to not only make us more efficient, but to give us the capacity we need. So other than sort of normal maintenance capacity, we're in pretty good shape and with regard to our Palmers [ph] business, we're finishing up this year the transition in that business' consolidation. We're in pretty good shape from that standpoint.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Mike Hilton: Jeff?
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey. Sorry about that.
Mike Hilton: It's okay. Good morning.
Jeffrey Hammond: Good morning. Just maybe on the acquisitions, just I think you said they're on track, but anything notable in terms of opportunities that you're uncovering it on cost or revenue synergies early on?
Mike Hilton: Well, I would say a couple of things. We've done a number of acquisitions and maybe I'll break them down and start with some of the smaller ones. Our smaller ones were two acquisitions in the electronics side that got us into a new area in the selective side of the space and our plan there is off to a good start, just as we did with the matrix inspection company which is the globalized local business. So we've seen some good success, I'd say in utilizing our global sales force to create new opportunities and start to close on some of those. I'd say with our plus back acquisition, we've added complement story as the product line and got us into a new area in animal health and I think we're seeing benefits from that and that gives us opportunities to optimize our EFT business there. I'd say Vention brought a lot of capability to us, in particular in the design and development space, which really allows us to get in early not only with critical larger established customers involved in their new product development, but also with some of the entrepreneurial new venture development companies there and we've been able to seize opportunities to pull through our broader product portfolio of products and I think longer term, there will be opportunities across some of these businesses to further optimize our supply chain and footprint. But I'd say in the short term, we're off to a good start; we've added capability in the case of medical side. We've added significant capability on the design front, I think just what customers are looking for and very helpful with [indiscernible] product portfolio through and it really came with some various established organization and people capability.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, great. And you mentioned active project inquiries, et cetera and Advanced Tech looking out past Q1. Can you speak to the same on what you're hearing from your customers on the Adhesive side? If we look a little further out just in terms of quoting and customer feedback, et cetera?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I'd say on the adhesive side, it's a pretty skeptical [ph] of what we see. Just timing of things slowdown in most of the businesses for the holidays, but I'd say in terms of opportunities going forward, we think there's an opportunity for growth in all of our businesses. Some of them are more digital like our product assembly businesses and our palletizing businesses, but we're seeing typical activity and opportunity there. And for us in businesses like our traditional Adhesives business, we continue to benefit from both tiering. This year we got a lowered tier of non-woven set of customers all new to us based on complete design and built out of Shanghai and there are some growth opportunities there and then we've really used new product development to help recapitalize in that business and I'd say we've introduced some new technology to Asia for example on the palletizing side where we've gone with our underwater palletizers. We've started up the first facility in China, it's going well and we've got a lot of interest now relative to competing products. We feel good about with what the new technology is bringing. I'd say at this point in time, our visibility in some of these businesses in the short term, but I think the activity is typical of what we've expect to see at this point in time.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, good morning. Congrats on the organic and inorganic performance.
Mike Hilton: Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering about capital allocation in the medium term; you've come some pretty robust activity there as the focus on continued execution on the pipeline relative to debt pay down? Or where does all that stand?
Mike Hilton: I'd say our capital allocation is first and foremost supporting organic growth. I think Greg gave you some numbers on that and then second, around the dividend's piece, but both of those together are relatively mild. I think beyond that, we still have a short-term focus on debt reduction to free up capacity for opportunities and we will see opportunities out there in the targeted areas that we've mentioned. I think there are still probably the most opportunities in the medical side just because the market is more fragmented. But I'd say in the very short term, it continues to be around reducing debt to give us some free board opportunities through this year. So I'd say the priorities are pretty similar to where they've been after first quarter of last year.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then a modeling question on the corporate number. It spiked up a little bit in the quarter, but what's the best way to plug in for run rates there?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris. This is Greg. We had some -- call it 'unusual items' in the course -- and one time in the quarter and most of that increase over the prior year was associated with an initiative that we have in North America to move a portion of the business to a more shared service type of model. So I'd expect as we move into FY '18, we'll kind of normalize that to spend the amounts that you've seen in the most recent quarters. And then fourth quarter to trend down over time.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then my last one is on ADS. I just want to revisit if you can quantify the structural benefits from consolidation for fiscal '18 over '17?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say it's going to be relatively modest because we'll have completed both the major progress we have under way, the one in North America where we're consolidating three facility into one and the one in Europe were going from two to one. It will get completed in the year, but for the first part of the year, we're still running multiple facilities as we transition equipment's and build out the new facilities. We're further ahead in the U.S. and the project in Europe started a little bit later. So I'd say there will be some modest impact in this year and some larger impacts in '19.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Chris, we'll probably firm that number up and give you some better guidance on that margin improvement within that segment as we're heading into '19.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Hi, Walt.
Walter Liptak: And congratulations, too. You talked about backlog and I think Jeff asked about it. He says I wonder if we could do the same thing on the coatings? It sounds like that one is probably maybe down even or probably growing the least. Any commentary on the first quarter on what you're seeing from projects over the next year?
Mike Hilton: Yes. As I mentioned I think earlier, we do expect for all the businesses to be up in the first quarter. But we haven't seen I'd say some tough comps this fourth quarter and in the first quarter on the Coatings business, primarily on the auto side. If you look at our powder and liquid container, those businesses have grown nicely. We had some big auto platform work last fourth quarter that went through and some of that continued into the first quarter as the customers were going through model changes. We'd only anticipate significant model change kind of activity going through this year. But we do see a couple of areas that I think for the future would present good opportunities for growth in that business where we had some revenue and expect it to tick up over time. One we've talked about before in the sort of aerospace area as customers both the end customers and the Tier 1 suppliers look to do more automation. So I'd say we've had a lot of development work and some modest sales to date. We expect that to pick up over time. Another area that we're seeing more opportunity in is with electric vehicles. There is more work around the batteries themselves and we're seeing opportunities across the business, but most importantly in the Coatings area to support some of the things going on in the battery development. So we see opportunities there over time. I'd say the thing that's been a little bit of a drag this year, that issue being '17 has really been the auto piece of the platform. In the longer term we expect to see growth in that area.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Thanks for that color and then if I could just ask -- I don't mean to beat the dead horse in the Advanced Tech, but I wonder if there's a way of delineating the traditional mobile phone makers versus China where it sounds like you've been maybe growing more rapidly as that market evolves. And then any difference in the growth rates there? And then with the new technologies, you talked about large projects, but I think this is the first time we're hearing that. I wonder if you could comment just on these test orders and then if the technologies work, there's more behind it as there's more features that go in with flexibles, or is this a short-term thing? Is there any visibility there?
Mike Hilton: Yes. There's a lot of components there; maybe I'll just start at just the highest level and if you look at the mix of our business in Advance Tech today. So if you look at pro forma for '18, about 30% of our business is going to be medical. There's probably another close to 20% that would be industrial and other types of application. Then about half falls into that electronics space. Of that total Advance Tech, about 15 is directly mobile and then you got auto electronics as the similar side. Semiconductor is a little smaller and other consumer electronics are a little smaller, so that could be gaming consoles, LEDs, a variety of other things. So there's a breadth in the diversification, I'd say to the applications there across the whole segment that is different than it was if you just go back a couple of years primarily because of one, the medical piece and two, some of these other applications. So I'd say now in some of the newer applications that we've mentioned, the direction for most semiconductor makers is to go 3D, to go to three-dimensional chips. The question is whether you do that before or after you dice the wafer. The newest technology is going towards doing it on the wafer, but everybody is not following that app. We got some indications that others will be going in that direction, but it's not clear yet whether that's going to step up in a significant way, but those are typically larger opportunities, more sophisticated equipment. With regard to some of the other technologies that support the mobile side -- and I think if you look at the most recent phones, the biggest thing you see is battery. Everything is about battery, capacity and space, which means it squeezes everything else out and so some of the things that customers are working on is how do I cram in the capability in that reduced space and one of the ways to do that is to use more flexible circuits and we're certainly seeing outsize growth in the flexible circuits and that's an area where we've been successful in offering our technology both on dispense and on inspection side. Those are a couple of examples of things that we'll work on. There's a lot of other things that customers are working on. Now, you also ask about the Chinese mobile folks versus a more traditional. '17 has been a good launch year for the more traditional global players. We haven't heard as much from the Chinese players, but over time they have been growing, taking share particularly in China. So the opportunity for them is they continue to grow in China, do they grow beyond China and we expect to see further growth there and as we've mentioned in the past, they have now gone on the animation train and they're moving that way. It's still not far along as the global folks that we expect that trend to continue. So we have lots of projects for all of these folks -- which ones are going to go and what time is always difficult to judge. And I'd say in the other areas that are outside of the electronics space, we've got a lot of development work, particularly in the medical side that's robust. And then on the other businesses as well, this is typically the time of the year where we're working on particularly the newer technology-related projects.
Walter Liptak: Okay, alright, I appreciate that color. Thanks, guys.
Mike Hilton: Thanks, Walt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is actually Patrick [ph] standing in for Charlie. Thanks for taking my question.
Mike Hilton: Hey, Patrick.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Looking at adhesive dispensing margin, I mean adjusted margins were 28%. Obviously very good. I just wanted to know what the mix of parts in consumables was for the segment and sort of looking out, what expectations you guys have in terms of adhesive margins expanding in '18 and beyond?
Mike Hilton: I'd say Greg is looking up the parts number here. Typically, that's a segment where the parts are a little higher than our average might be closer to the middle 40s and the lower 40s, but we'll give you a heads up on that. But it's in that range. I'd say longer term from a margin's perspective for that segment; we'd like to get to the 30% level. Some of that will come from our normal continuous improvement using our business systems. Some of that will come from the restructuring that we're going through in the Palmer [ph] side of the business, but our longer term goal would be to get to that 30% level.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. As I wait for Greg on the consumables part.
Mike Hilton: Yes, we may have to follow up and get back to you on that. It's not jumping off the page for us right now.
Greg Thaxton: Patrick, I have that. Within Adhesives in the fourth quarter, our mix of parts was about 46% and in that, trending pretty closely to what it had been in prior quarters and as Mike mentioned, that tends to be pretty close to where the total company -- total company was about 48% in the fourth quarter. Now, that's up a bit from prior year, driven by a couple of things: one, general mix in the quarter as well as we've got the impact of the acquisitions in there that are more of a consumable, so they fall into that category. So that's lifting as well by a couple of percentage points, what the total mix otherwise would have been prior to those acquisitions timing their way in. That's going to primarily be in the Advanced Tech segment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I just want to go to Coatings for a second. Looking at the margins for the fourth quarter in '17, that seems to be lower than the previous three fourth quarters, I guess going back to '14. Is there anything that we should be looking at here or is it one of those items where we talked about volume being down in the bigger -- you guys had an impact on autos?
Mike Hilton: Obviously there's some impact from the volume being down a little bit and then there's a little bit of mix effects there. There's nothing structurally changed there and that's something that we've been on a good path of improvement year-on-year for quite a while and I think we have continued opportunity to move up a little bit in that area; so nothing structurally going on there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's all right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Good morning. I just want to go back to Jeff's question in terms of customer or clients' thoughts into '18. As we stand today versus maybe a year ago, our customers are talking more optimistically about spending '18, or really no change at this point?
Mike Hilton: I would say we haven't seen a significant change in terms of the dialog at this point. Obviously we have this potential for tax change here coming up. If that happens, I could see particularly some of our smaller mid-sized customers that might be an opportunity for further reinvestment. But I'd say the mood is encouraging. I think if you look at the year just from a macro standpoint, the U.S. is probably going to be a little better than we thought clearly Europe and Japan are stronger this year than most expected. So we've seen some good performance there, but I'd say in terms of project list in volumes, not a dramatic change in terms of customer attitude. Not a dramatic change for us.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Got it, thanks. And then I might have missed this, but could you talk about the growth rate that you're seeing medically? Are we still on that high single digit range at this point?
Mike Hilton: Yes. We've had a good year, a double-digit year for us this year and I think that our high single to double-digit expectation for us and the long run there. There's a lot of trends that favor that and as we talked earlier, a lot of that is driven by new customer procedures, and approaches and products that we developed to support them and particularly with the drive towards minimally invasive procedures, we'd see that as a strong opportunity going forward.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We do have a follow-up question from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to -- you answered the question, Greg, about the shared services and the increased expense. Is this part of a bigger multi-quarter project to do more shared services where if that's true, were you in the project and is there going to be some savings from it?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Walter, that phase is part of our ongoing drive to improve overall performance, to drive how we can approach the business from a more efficient way and you could go back several years prior to acquisitions and suggest that in parts of the world, we had been executing under this model, but with acquisitions over the last several years, this is an effort to really kind of bring more of the businesses under this type of model. So we're starting first in North America. We're largely into that effort. We'll complete that let's say in most of that in the first half or so of FY '18 and then we will look to other parts of the world where it makes sense then to integrate some of the businesses that are not in some of the established locations where we had shared services. So I do expect that this will continue. I wouldn't suggest that I see this as being a significant expense to be modeled in once we get through the '18 effort here.
Mike Hilton: And I'd say Walt, the biggest benefit that we see is really -- there was a question earlier about capacity and capacity to support growth. For us the biggest benefit here is to have a platform that's going to allow us to scale across effectively and as Greg said, to integrate with some of the acquisitions more efficiently and there has been a fair bit of work that we needed to do upfront around process and systems and we're in the phase now starting to stand up the North American Organizations. Again, I think the benefits we'll see are sort of the longer term and our ability to scale more effectively and efficiently.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Where is the shared services going to be? In one location?
Mike Hilton: Yes. For the U.S., it's going to be in Ohio. In Europe and Asia today, we have I'd say partial shared services in different places as Greg was mentioning. But for the U.S., it's going to be in Ohio.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. All right. Thank you.
Greg Thaxton: In an existing facility.
Mike Hilton: Yes, at an existing facility that we're refitting.
Walter Liptak: Okay, thank you.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mike Hilton for any closing remarks.
Mike Hilton: First of all, I'd like to thank everybody for participating and I'd like to once again thank our global team for doing an outstanding job this year of meeting our customers' needs in a very effective way and allowing us to deliver outstanding results. With that I'd just say happy holidays to everyone. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-08-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Nordson Corporation's Webcast for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jim Jaye, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
James Jaye: Thank you and good morning. Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, Senior Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 22, 2017, to report Nordsons FY 2017 third quarter results and our FY 2017 fourth quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at Nordson.com /investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until September 5, 2017, which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 62150013. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectation. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, well be happy to take your questions. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that Nordson delivered record results for revenue, operating profit, diluted EPS and EBITDA in the third quarter of fiscal 2017. These results speak of the strong underlying performance across our base business, our focus on continuous improvement. I'll provide some highlights on our financial performance and let Greg provide more detail. We delivered 11% organic sales growth in the quarter compared to the prior year, with contributions from all segments and nearly all geographies. Acquisitions added another [audio break] to the top line and we continued to be pleased with how all of our news businesses are performing. Operating profit in the quarter improved 24% over the prior year and operating margin improved 1 percentage point compared to the same period a year ago. Adjusted diluted EPS increased 21% compared to the same period a year ago. These results include $6 million, or $0.07 per share diluted share of intangible asset amortization expense associated with four acquisitions we've completed in fiscal year-to-date. Given these increased non cash expenses in the quarter and our expectation for continued acquisition activity going forward, we believe additional focus on EBITDA measures better reflects our core operating results and offers greater transparency for investors. Looking at the current quarter, EBITDA, EBITDA margin and EBITDA per share all improved compared to the same period a year ago. Free cash flow before dividend in the quarter also improved compared to the prior year. And after the quarter closed, our Board approved an increase to our dividend, marking the 54th consecutive year we've increased our annual dividend. We are one of only 14 public companies to have increased their dividend for at least that number of years. Looking ahead our fourth quarter guidance reflects our backlog current 12 week order rate and challenging comparison to the same period a year ago where we generated 13% organic growth. At the low end of our fourth quarter guidance, we are on pace to deliver record full year performance across most metrics, including revenue, earnings and EBITDA. I feel very good about our 2017 performance both organic and acquisitive; we are well positioned for the future. I'll speak more about our outlook in a few minutes but first I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed commentary.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike. And good morning to everyone. Third quarter sales were $589 million, an increase of 20% from the prior years third quarter. This change in sales included an 11% increase in organic volume, a 10% increase related to the first year effect of acquisition, and a less than 1% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior years third quarter. Organic growth exceeded the high-end of our guidance driven by the strength across our all segments and nearly all geographies. Organic sales volume in the Adhesive Dispensing segment increased 6%, as compared to the prior year third quarter, where organic growth was also strong at 4%. This is the ninth consecutive quarter of organic growth in this segment. Our Packaging, nonwovens and polymer product lines drove the growth in the current quarter and all regions were positive with the exception of Europe. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 42% from the prior year third quarter, inclusive of 18% organic volume growth and 24% growth related to the first year effect of acquisition. Customer demand for automated dispensing, test and inspection and surface treatment systems were robust across electronics end markets. With additional strength coming from demand in our medical end markets. All regions delivered strong organic growth compared to the prior year most by double digit. Segments acquisitive growth includes the first year effect of the LinkTech, ACE, Interselect, Plas-Pak and Vention acquisitions. Organic sales volume in the Industrial Coatings segment increased 3% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Cold material, liquid painting and UV curing product lines drove the growth with the Americas and Asia -Pacific being the strongest geography. Gross margin for the total company in the quarter was 55% or 56% and equal to the prior year when excluding $1.7 million of one-time purchase accounting charges with the step up of acquired inventory in the current fiscal quarter. These charges are now behind us. Operating profit for the total company in the quarter improved 24% to $153 million and reported operating margin improved 1 percentage point to 26%, both compared to the prior year's third quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 28% in the quarter excluding the one time charges called out in the EPS reconciliation in our financial exhibit and also excluding the $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense related to current year acquisition. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, reported operating margin was 28% in the quarter, an improvement of 1 percentage point compared to the prior year's period and inclusive of approximately $700,000 in restructuring charges related to facility consolidation. Operating margin for the segment was 29% without this charge. Within the Advanced Technologies segment, reported operating margin was 30% in the third quarter, or 33% when excluded purchase accounting charges of approximately $1.7 million for the step up and value of acquired inventory and the $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense related to the current year acquisitions. Within the Industrial Coatings segment, reported operating margin was 20% in the quarter, an improvement of 3 percentage points compared to the same period a year ago related to improved product mix. This is continued strong operating margin performance by all three segments and reflects our ongoing continuous improvement efforts. For the company, net income for the quarter was $101 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.74. Adjusted diluted EPS in the current quarter was $1.78; a 21% increase over the prior year adjusted diluted EPS. We have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and adjusted earnings per share. Third quarter EBITDA increased 29% to $179 million. EBITDA margin improved 2 percentage points to 30% and EBITDA per diluted share increased 27% to $3.08, all compared to the prior year's third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA in the quarter was $182 million, or $3.12 per diluted share, a 29% increase over the prior year. Cash flow from operations increased 13% compared to the prior year's third quarter to $77 million and free cash flow before dividend increased 14% compared to the prior year to $55 million. All of these measures highlight the strong cash generation of the overall business. We've included tables with our press release reconciling net income to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow before dividends. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt-to- trailing 12 months EBITDA inclusive of acquired EBITDA was 2.7x at the end of the third quarter, down from 3x at the end of the second quarter. This level is well below our most restricted debt covenants leaving us with additional debt capacity. And at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $368 million of combined cash and availability on a revolver. As weve demonstrated, our strong cash generation enables us to deliver quickly, which remains our intent in the near-term. Ill now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the fourth quarter of FY2017. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks, as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending August 13, 2017, order rates are down 2%, as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. This is a challenging comparison to the same period to the prior year ago where order rates were up 16%. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 1% compared to the same period a year ago. Strength in packaging and nonwovens product lines was offset by softness in general product assembly and polymer product lines. Strength in Europe and Asia- Pacific was offset by other region. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are down 3%, as compared to the prior year, where order rates were up 29%. Some electronics project activity occurred earlier in the year as compared to last year, benefiting our third quarter sales and our ability to respond to these shifts remains a competitive advantage. Within our current order rates, strength in our test and inspection product lines serving electronic end markets was offset by softness in other product lines mostly electronics related due to project timing and challenging prior year comparisons. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are down 4% as compared to the prior year where order rates were up 36%. Strength in powder, liquid and container product lines was offset by softness in cold material product lines. Europe was the strongest regionally. Backlog at July 31, 2017 was approximately $372 million, an increase of 10% compared to the prior year, and inclusive of 13% acquisitive growth, offset by a 3% decline in organic business. Backlog amounts are calculated at July 31, 2017 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. Were forecasting sales to increase in the range of 4% to 8%, as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This growth includes organic volume of down 3% to down 7%, 10% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a positive currency effect of 1% based on the current exchange rate environment. At the midpoint of this outlook, we expect fourth quarter gross margin to be approximately 54% and operating margin to be approximately 21%. This margin performance includes $6 million of intangible asset amortization expense related to current year acquisitions. Were estimating fourth quarter interest expense of about $10 million, deprecation and amortization expense of about $25 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 29%, resulting in fourth quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.18 to $1.32 per diluted share. We expect EBITDA to be in the range of $133 million to $144 million, or $2.27 per share to $2.46 per diluted share. And finally we are forecasting fourth quarter capital spending to be similar to the year-to-date run rate.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. Greg. I want to thank our team for delivering another outstanding quarter. Revenue, operating profit, diluted EPS and EBITDA were records for any Nordson quarter. In terms of our fourth quarter, our guidance reflects a very challenging comparison to the same period a year ago where we generated 13% organic growth. We are on pace to deliver record full year performance on most metrics. At the midpoint of this guidance, full year organic sales growth is 6%. So the excellent performance and it's on top of our robust 7% organic sales growth we delivered in fiscal 2016. Full year adjusted diluted earnings per share at midpoint is $5.24, an increase of 12% compared to fiscal 2016. Again, I'll point that fiscal 2017 adjusted diluted EPS per share includes intangible asset amortization expense related to this year's four acquisitions or approximately $15 million, or $0.18 per diluted share. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we believe additional focus on EBITDA measures which exclude these non cash expenses better reflect our core operating results and offers greater transparency for investors. At the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, fiscal 2017 EBITDA increases to 16% to $535 million. EBITDA margin increases 1 percentage point to 26% and EBITDA per diluted share increases 15% to $9.19, all compared to the prior fiscal year. This is very strong performance. Our continued ability to generate high levels of cash provides us with the ability to fund multiple initiatives. In the near term, de-leveraging is likely to remain our priority for capital deployment. But we've also have capacity to execute on execution target in our pipeline if and when they become available. Overall, we are well positioned across the diverse end market we serve. Our global team remains focused on creating shareholder value by offering customers innovative technology solutions and outstanding support. Again, 2017 will be a strong year on a top of a very strong 2016. With that we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Alembic Global Advisors. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Good morning. Just in terms of the organic guidance for fiscal Q4, down 3% to down 7% orders down too, are we to read from that that as the 12 week period progressed you saw further weakening on a year-over-year basis in order to get that guidance. I clearly recognize you are up against very tough comparisons but just a little more granularity on the sequencing of orders as you progress to this latest 12 week period please.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I wouldn't necessarily say that, that's what were seeing. What I would say if you look at our typical annual pattern of orders I think as you know well, they decline in the fourth quarter to a low point sort of in January and they peak somewhere in the third or fourth quarter. I'd say what we are seeing is a strong peak thats come through in the third quarter and seasonally trailing off whereas last year we had the strongest peak in the early part of the fourth quarter and that's what you are seeing here is a little bit across there just based on the timing of the peak in the year. And I wouldn't say that we are seeing orders necessarily slow down in the last - in the 12 weeks. It's really more about the year-on-year comparison.
Matt Summerville: And then just a follow up. I clearly I recognize it's early it's only August. You guys are going to be up against a pretty tough organic comparison at least through the first three fiscal quarters of 2018 as you look at the key organic drivers across the businesses, the underlying momentum you see today what's your level of conviction that you are able to grow organically looking out over a little bit of longer period of time. Again bearing in mind you still have some tough comp to digest beyond what you are digesting today. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Okay. Yes, so what I would say is a couple of things. I think we said at the beginning of this year we saw global economy grow at 2% to 2.5% and we would grow at a multiple of that on an organic basis and certainly we've -- we are in a position to do that for this year. I think as you look forward we expect over the long run that's the kind of growth rate that we are going to see because we have some quarters where we are off a little bit, and other quarters we are stronger just like the third and fourth quarter you are seeing here. Yes, but the fundamentals are strong in our business. We are well positioned across all of our end markets from a competitive standpoint. We see nice growth driven by new product innovation. We are continuing to adjust our portfolio to provide higher growth parts of the business like the medical additions that we are doing but also support high margins and help with cyclicality in our business. And we still have strong part of our business that's related to consumer non durable products. So as I look at it we feel good about our growth prospects for the business and the mix that we currently have in the business is improving with the acquisitions that we've made this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Hammond with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys. I understand kind of the order decline in Advanced Tech and Industrial Coatings just given the comps, but little surprised by the order decline in adhesive and maybe you could just speak more to that. Was there any kind of noise or lumpiness that would have impacted that and maybe just talk about forward visibility in adhesive?
Mike Hilton: Yes. If I look at [indiscernible] adhesive business, we do have a couple elements of the business that are project orient like our product assembly business and some of our polymer related businesses. And so I think there you got some quarter-on-quarter comparison just when those projects have come through. If you look at sort of our core packaging nonwovens kind of businesses the ones that are focused on the consumer non durable space, they are doing well year-on-year and the momentum is continuing there. So I think what we are seeing is just a little bit of lumpiness year-on-year on some of those more project oriented product lines within the business.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. And then in advanced tech I think you cited on order front, certainly the comps but then some project timing within electronics, can you maybe speak to a little more clarification what you are seeing on that project timing?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So what we saw and it's reflected somewhat in the third quarter is customers ask us to pull forward deliveries to meet their needs and that's probably impacted our overall performance by a couple of percentage points in the quarter. So that's good for the third quarter probably pulled out in the fourth quarter but one of the competitive advantages that we have in addition to be in the strongest technology player out there is our ability to flex to meet the customers' demand and so what we really did is work hard to sync with the delivery schedule that they were looking for. I'd say under the -- on the underlying part of the business a lot of positives to think about there. We are doing well in the mobile segment and continuing to diversify into the Chinese mobile players. We are doing well in new applications like the semiconductor side. Our whole new platform in test and inspection area with new products is doing very well. So I'd say underlying business is very solid and our positions are strong. We do have the seasonality in the business and can vary quarter-to-quarter, year-on-year and that's more of what we are seeing right now. So we feel good about how we are positioned in that business. And then of course the other part of this advanced tech business which is equal in size now will be larger next year is non electronics which is delivering very solid and consistent performance with strong growth and good margin.
Jeffrey Hammond: And Mike is there a way to quantify maybe on EPS or revenue basis how much of that -- how much of a pull forward you saw? Because it looks like you kind of came in $0.10 ahead of consensus and maybe similarly like on 4Q. Thanks.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I'd say probably on the revenue side it might be a couple of percentage points so that will translate down to more on the earnings, I am not sure it all $0.10 but it's probably pretty close to that. So our view we knew we had a strong second half year of comp and I think if you look at collectively third and fourth quarter we feel pretty good about where we are at.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. I'd just echo Mike's comments there and put a little bit of context around that where we exceeded even the top end of the guidance for our quarterly revenue growth, much of that is related to the volume that we are talking about.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys, good morning. Could you touch on progress in Vention? Is it -- how is it proceeding as expectations, above, below, any color there?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So we are very pleased with Vention business. I'd say it's right on plan for our top line and bottom line expectations. The pipeline of new projects looks very healthy in that business and we like the business model that's come with that in terms of the ability to provide upfront design through final solutions there. So we feel very good about that. And the integration is going just as planned and we feel really great about the team that's come with that business and the capabilities that they bring.
Greg Thaxton: And Allison just to remind everybody, an attractive part of this now about 20% of total Nordson portfolio on a go forward basis is strong operating margin and accretive on the EBITDA margin to our base business. So we expect to continue to see the growth that we've experienced traditionally in those medical end markets and now thats a kind of $300 million size portion of the business will be a good platform and portfolio.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. And then ultimately look at across the businesses in Q4, outside of seasonality; are there any mix issues to be mindful of in terms of EBIT margin?
Mike Hilton: No. I don't think any significant mix. I mean obviously when volumes goes down we have an impact on margin in the short term year-over-year. But I'd say no significant mix effects in that.
Greg Thaxton: No. And just again to elaborate there as you think about our fourth quarter at that what we have in our outlook is well first off that there is about a percentage point related to these incremental non cash charges related to the acquisitions. And then in a period where we are forecasting negative organic that's going to have a margin impact as Mike noted.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Charles Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open.
Charles Brady: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Just on the advanced tech and medical business, you obviously decide that up for us, how much -- can you break how much that business grew the medical piece, life science piece in the quarter?
Mike Hilton: Well, overall we expect that business to grow double digits and it did that in the quarter and I think our view long term of medical is the market itself is probably only 5%, there were some of the other trends like the outsourcing to drive to plastic some of the minimally invasive procedures that Vention has get us into now, we expect double digit growth in the long run and that came in with double digit kind of growth.
Charles Brady: Great. And just that on your comment on use of capital focusing on de-leveraging I mean you are not super over there right now you are under 3x, I am just wondering is there a level you want to take that to or is it a more function of how the M&A pipeline looks and kind of timing of that pipeline and it just didn't actionable item to close so focus on the de-leveraging instead?
Mike Hilton: Well our primary -- if you look at our priorities at capital deployment they haven't really changed if you go back. Number one, support organic growth. We are going to continue to do that. Number two, the dividends piece that we mentioned here. Number three is offsetting any kind of comp dilution which is marginal. But number four is we like to do M&A transactions, number one you can't always predict the timing although we've got some interesting things so we think are in the pipeline and related to that as you want to have the capacity of some more sizeable opportunities come forward. And so in the short term our focus is really around creating the capacity for more sizeable opportunities.
Charles Brady: Okay. So, yes so just to clarify then the M&A focus or the M&A desire hasn't shifted at all, it's still kind of what it was before and this kind of positioning -- [Multiple Speakers]
Mike Hilton: It's just -- obviously we can't control the timing but what we can control is being prepared appropriately and as you've seen in the past if things are little slow on the M&A front and there is an opportunistic moment with the variability in the market to buyback shares we've done that too. Right now our primary focus is on de-leveraging to create capacity for us to do more acquisitions that make sense in our strategic areas of focus.
Charles Brady: Can you talk about from a margin standpoint of the impact of the acquisitions you had, purchase accounting aside, the opportunity you have once you are folding these businesses in to really leverage some of that up and push the margins higher on a kind of go forward basis over the next 24 months or so.
Mike Hilton: Yes. I think we've certainly commented on the medical acquisition but the other acquisitions, particularly one that added to EFD or similar kind of margins to the company and EBITDA margin accretive and so we also feel as we continue to grow and scale those businesses we will be able to improve margins through continuous improvement activities for those businesses. So we feel good about the opportunity like we do at all our businesses to grow and expand with already as a good starting point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning. Hey, I am just wondered if we could do a little deeper dive, stating on some of the new market penetration dynamics and the China Tier 2 trajectory maybe an inning engage or something like that some of the other initiatives that have been developing.
Mike Hilton: Okay. Let me just make a couple, we'll start there with the mobile side. I mean obviously we are well positioned with the sort of global leaders there and this is turned out to be pretty strong year in that regard. With the mobile players we've seen them significantly increased their adoption of automation from something that was almost non existence probably two years ago to a nice first step next year to significantly stepping up this year. Still not to the kinds of levels of automation -- sort of the global leaders but making really good progress so there is more to go on an inning basis that probably less than halfway they are compared to these global leaders. And it's not clear whether they will go all the way or not but clearly they are seeing the benefits of automation in terms of quality and throughput and overall cost benefit associated with that. In addition, in the electronics areas we've talked about doing more on the front end and dispensing on wafer and test inspection on wafer and we are seeing some progress there. We've also seen some progress in terms of revitalization of our total test inspection product line that really has seen a nice uptick as the semiconductor industry in general front end and back end is having pretty solid year. So those new products are really getting traction. If you look at then non electronics part of our advanced tech business in the medical space it's all about broadening capabilities, new products getting plugged into the front end and we've got both good prospects and good traction there and in the non electronics non medical piece, we've introduced some new products in terms of refreshing our total valve of portfolio and some of our mixing technology which is also getting good traction. If you look at our sort of core adhesive business, I mentioned earlier we are doing well in the packaging, nonwovens areas as an example but we continue to make good progress on tiering. We've introduced yet another new tiering sort of applications in our core adhesive dispensing that's really opened up a yet a whole new set of customers to us which we will see ultimately up to a higher level. And then in our coatings business, we are doing a lot of work in the sort of cold material side which is opening up aerospace for example to us as an opportunity as the industry looks to find ways to basically get more plane out the door, and they look for automation there as an opportunity and we are making good progress there. So I feel good about the new products, new market opportunities that we have in the business and we will continue to grow over the next few years.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. And just follow on up on the mobile, wondering if you could comment on the relative contribution of the adoption in China versus the global leaders in the quarter you reported. And if you see a dynamic where following all the really dramatic innovation and the global leaders this year if that pretends particular ramp in the secondary players.
Mike Hilton: Well, we've seen solid step up here maybe look at the global statistics, certainly the shares of the top three Chinese players have probably grown, lot of that in China, some of that starting to be outside China, this is a pretty robust year and as I said there is more opportunity for automation. I think the overall supply chain in the electronics area given the growth in the sort of established players and the new players are pretty stretched. I mean we are in a good position to supply all over the opportunity but in other areas maybe little stretched in the short term. So I think is opportunity as we go forward for that to loosen up a little bit and some opportunities for further growth.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks, good morning. I want to just ask a follow on the adhesive segment. Maybe to ask this way the comp didn't look that tough because the 12-week orders last year were up two and now you are down one. And in your answer you called out that there was some -- wasn't sure I understood with polymers or product assembly, what's going on, is it -- are you saying that order will pull forward or that they were just orders in the pipeline that you are still waiting to book.
Mike Hilton: Well, any one quarter we can have -- they tend to first of all be bigger individual quarters so any 12-week period of time you can have something it looks like a little bit of anomaly because you got a big project last year, you don't have that in this 12- week order this year. So that's really all I was trying to talk about that. I think underlying fundamentals are pretty solid. And if you think about our sort of adhesive business through, it will be in the fourth year in a row where we are seeing nice growth and it will be soft macro economy for well established businesses. So I feel good about look what the team is delivering there. Just quarter-to-quarter you can in a 12-week comparison you could have a big project last year that's not in this 12-week order and two weeks from now it is reversed. Okay, so I don't feel like any significant turnaround the underlying performance of those markets, it's really just the quarter-- the 12-week comparison.
Greg Thaxton: And Walter just to add a couple of comments, this is Greg. As we've talked about the pull forward that was specifically related to advanced technology so not really in adhesive and as we've mentioned earlier if you take some of the product line that we would consider kind of more run rate product lines that are more heavily tied to non consumer non durable of packaging for example, the nonwovens, those were pretty robust those order rates. So it's -- as well as some of the product lines within polymer. It's the more system project related product line that Mike mentioned you are going to get from time to time some comparison that are just related to the timing of those projects not necessarily indicative of a competitive position or general underlying condition.
Walter Liptak: Okay, right. So the systems are related to product assembly, is it correct?
Mike Hilton: Yes and probably one or two product lines in the polymer area. So but again I think what Greg is trying to say is in that case we have bigger projects and they can swing the 12 week order rate if one year has big projects and the next year you don't. And two weeks later it could reverse.
Greg Thaxton: If you look at some prior quarters of going into the quarter what the order pattern was, it wouldn't be uncommon to see order growth rate having end of the quarter, I think last quarter was up one and we delivered 6% organic growth. So it's the run rate business with those orders can continue to flow through the quarter. And then as that project activity comes, its timing related issue.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right. So the way that you are describing it sounds like there are still more product assembly systems, polymer systems in the pipeline which will result in decent growth kind of going forward. Is that correct?
Mike Hilton: Yes, there is no concern on the long-term basis. Quarter-to-quarter you can some anomaly as a result of timing of projects that's all we are saying.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right, great. And then I think last quarter you guys talked about the 200 basis points program running up that you had nice successful period of margin improvement and some consolidation and other things. How should we think about new projects the next two years of projects? Can you get another 200 basis points for example a margin improvement?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So we haven't said we stop there. We will continue to drive our continuous improvement effort. We will see some further benefit when we get through the line of consolidations on our polymer business next year. And we have some other longer term things that we are looking at and I'd say probably not ready for prime time in addition to our normal drive. I think 200 basis points with no volume growth in the near term is probably a stretch, but we are continuing to drive the programs that we do have and we've got very robust program. So I feel good about where we are at. I feel good about where we have in the pipeline not ready to commit a couple hundred basis points with no volume like we did the last time at this point yet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke with FBR Capital. Your line is open.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg. Mike on the adhesive front you mentioned polymer being contributor to growth. In terms of operating margin how have -- as the polymer business progressed? Are at the levels that you are satisfied with their level of profitability at that part of the business?
Mike Hilton: So the margins are improving. No, we are not satisfied yet. We are still in the middle of this last phase of restructuring. So in the short term you are seeing the hit in terms of the restructuring cost and not yet the benefit of having consolidated and upgraded the equipment. So I think next year we will be in a more normalized role and beyond that we finished final relocation in the early part of next year maybe first calendar quarter or so and then after that we should see the full benefits. So we are not there yet.
Liam Burke: Okay. And on the medical front you are seeing health growth. It's been a priority on the acquisition front. How are you sized for capacity?
Mike Hilton: So I would say we continue to expand. For example, we built the new facility in Colorado for our components business. We've expanded once double the size of Mexico now we are expanding again in Mexico. With Vention acquisition we've added five or six new facilities that have some capacity in that but given the growth rates that we have down the road we will expect the need to expand further. And that's in our plan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Stratton with Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
David Stratton: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Just a follow up only a few questions left really for me and mainly regarding Vention, was that accretive in the quarter? And if so by how much?
Mike Hilton: We said it's probably accretive in the quarter after the second quarter and we expected for the year to be in that sort of $0.05 to $0.10 and I think we are on track with that. So we feel that's the acquisition is right where we expected it to be.
David Stratton: Got you. And then geographically speaking it seems like every region is doing pretty well with the exception of maybe Europe and adhesive, and if you talk about that a little bit I'll appreciate it.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I'd say Europe is actually doing reasonably well for us. There is a couple areas where given the large OEM base you can see some swings quarter-to-quarter and I think if you look at this quarter was probably off a little bit in terms of actual performance but that's really function of some of the things we were talking about earlier with the larger project activity. I think in our order a rate that's encouraging. So I'd say underlying this year Europe is playing out reasonably well. But again you can some anomalies project to project so in this quarter is probably little bit off but the order rates look encouraging for the next quarter, year-on-year I think it will be solid year for Europe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Trusz with Gabelli & Company. Your line is open.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Just a follow up on the Europe order rates question. If we turn to The United States, down 6% might be surprising even considering comp last year. Can you provide some additional color and what you are seeing geographically there? And whether that's project noise or something fundamental going on?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say it's mainly project related activity. I'd say one area that we haven't talked about yet that was particularly strong last year that's a little soft year the whole auto space and not generally -- because the production levels are high and there is a lot of work for us in the body shop piece and the electronic side but we had some larger platform orders last year and platform orders mean model changes, significant model changes. And that's not repeated itself and that's one of the things affecting the US.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. I'll just add additional color there. We are up against the pretty challenging comp to last year where we were up 9% total in the US and that cold material or auto focus that Mike mentioned is part of an answer. And then again you kind of go back to in the current quarter as we talked at the total portfolio level, the kind of the timing of some of those systems orders and as that would have affect adhesive as well. So where the US was impacted it was primarily in the industrial coating segment and adhesive and that has to do with those, the timing of the system orders.
Matthew Trusz: Great. Thank you for the color. And then secondly just following up on the M&A discussion. Can you talk about the interplay between the availability you are seeing in medical and other attractive assets versus what the valuation like in the marketplace? And where you are identifying interesting opportunities outside of medical?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So if you look at medical space, the one good thing is it's still fairly fragmented. There is an opportunity to have differentiated positions through technology and support and service. The business is generally tended to have good profitability and high growth rates and so you need to pay a premium price to get them and that hasn't changed in the last year or so. We still see quite a few opportunities there and I'd say it is probably their primary focus is in the short term. Beyond that we have sort of three other areas that we've identified as interest to us. In the cold material space, we think about as atmospheric dispensing of adhesive and coating and sealants. There are a lot of smaller players there that we have interest in. They are just -- none of them have come to market yet other than the acquisitions we've made a couple of years ago in sealant and equipment and engineering. I'd say we still have some inspection areas of interest, electronics and closely adjacent market and I'd say we are pretty good on the polymer area. We are also in the process of longer term identifying what are the next couples of areas that we have interest in and we've got work ongoing but we are not ready for prime time on that yet.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow up question from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, yes, thanks for taking my follow up. I kind of along the lines with geographic, the Contra Cup is in Japan and in Asia Pac and so I was wondered you kind of addressed already the visibility and they kind of fundamental robust this year end market but I wondered if you could talk specifically about Asia and Japan and kind of what you are seeing from those economies and kind of new order pipeline?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I'd say Asia in general has been pretty solid. China had their kind of new normal 6%-7% has been solid for us. Asia outside of China and Japan has been solid. Underlying Japan has been reasonable. We are just seeing in the fourth quarter just timing largely driven by the electronics market when you think about most of the final assembly and packaging folks are in China and Taiwan and lesser extent to Korea and then a lot of the components suppliers that would go into the mobile and other electronics business are in Japan. So when you think about camera module and speakers and things like that. But I think what you are really seeing is a lot of that activity being earlier in the year particularly late second and third quarter. And last year trended more into the fourth quarter at least probably half way through the fourth quarter. So that's really what you are seeing here underlying economies, Japan has been solid, China has been solid, outside those two in Asia good year so again kind of the new normal for China you need to take into account but solid year in general.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Mike Hilton: Well, I just want to thank everyone for participating this morning. I think I want to leave you with just one message that we have a very strong year that we are expecting to deliver here. We are very well positioned with the changes that we've made to the portfolio through the acquisitions to both add to our growth, support our high level of performance from a margin perspective and reduce cyclicality in the overall business. So I feel good about how we are positioned going forward. I just want to thank our team for delivering another stellar quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-05-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for the Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, well conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the floor over to Jim Jaye, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
James Jaye: Thank you, Karen. Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 23, 2017, to report Nordsons FY 2017 second quarter results and our FY 2017 third quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at Nordson.com /investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until May 30, 2017, which can be accessed by dialing 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 16097170. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectation. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, well be happy to take your questions. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. It was another very strong quarter for Nordson, included what was a record first-half sales and earnings per share performance for the company. Including the effects of the Vention acquisition closed during the quarter, not included in our quarterly guidance. We exceeded the high-end of our second quarter revenue expectations and operating margins improved by 1 percentage point compared to the prior year. These results speak to the strong underlying performance were seeing across the business and our focus is to continue to improve. Overall, we generated 9% organic sales growth, which is in comparison to a very robust period growth a year ago. All segments and geographies contributed to the current quarter organically. Acquisitions added another 6% growth to top line. Were very pleased with how all of our new businesses are performing so far. Total revenue was a record [Technical Difficulties]. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter was impacted by one-time charges largely related to Vention acquisition. Adjusted diluted EPS increased by 13% compared to the second quarter a year ago. On a fiscal year-to-date basis, EBITDA free cash flow before dividends increased by 13% compared to the same period last year, inclusive of transaction costs of the acquisition. Our base business is strong, our acquisitions are adding to our profitable growth opportunity, and our global team is executing across the enterprise. Looking ahead, were forecasting continued strength for record third quarter performance. At the midpoint of our guidance, were forecasting 8% organic growth, inclusive organic growth in all segments. This outlook is based on our current backlog, order rates, project activity, all of which are strong. Ill speak more about our outlook in a few minutes. But Ill first turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed commentary on our current results and our third quarter guidance.
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. Second quarter sales were $496 million, an increase of 13% from the prior years second quarter. This change in sales included a 9% increase in organic volume, a 6% increase related to the first year effect of acquisition, and a 2% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior years second quarter. The organic growth exceeded the high-end of our guidance driven by the strength were seeing across our base business. Organic sales volume in the Adhesive Dispensing segment increased 5%, as compared to the prior year second quarter. This is very solid growth and compares to a robust period a year ago, where organic growth was 9% for the quarter. Our product assembly, packaging and polymer product lines drove the growth in the current quarter. Asia Pacific and the Americas were strongest on a geographic basis. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 34% from the prior year second quarter, inclusive of 18% organic volume growth and 16% growth related to the first year effect of acquisition. These segments growth is very impressive, given the challenging comparisons from the prior year, where organic volume growth was 20% for the quarter. Nearly all product lines and geographies in that segment contributed to the current quarter organic growth, with most up by double-digit. Segments acquisitive growth includes the first year effect of the LinkTech, ACE, Interselect, Plas-Pak and Vention acquisition. Organic sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment increased 3% compared to the second quarter a year ago. Container coating and liquid painting product lines drove the growth with the U.S., Japan, and Asia Pacific being the strongest geography. Gross margin for the total company in the second quarter was 56%, down slightly from the prior year second quarter, due to the impact of acquisition and inclusive of $2.1 million of one-time charges to step up of the acquired inventory. Operating profit in the quarter was $104 million and reported operating margin was 21%. Including the effect of the Vention acquisition, which was not in our quarterly guidance, operating margin was 24% in the quarter, 1 percentage point higher than the prior year second quarter. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, reported operating margin was 29% in the second quarter. Within the Advanced Technologies segment, reported operating margin was 26% in the second quarter, an increase of 2 percentage points over the same period a year ago. Operating margin was 27%, when excluding the short-term purchase accounting charges for the step up in the value of acquired inventory. And within the Industrial Coating segment, reported operating margin was 17% in the quarter. This continued strong operating margin performance by all three segments and reflects our ongoing continuous improvement efforts. For the company, net income for the quarter was $65 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.11. Adjusted EPS in the current quarter was $1.35, a 13% increase over the prior year adjusted diluted earnings per share. We have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share. The second quarters EBITDA was $123 million, cash flow from operations was $61 million, and free cash flow before dividends was $45 million. On a fiscal year-to-date basis, EBITDA increased 13% compared to the prior year to $217 million, and free cash flow before dividends increased 13% to $116 million, representing strong cash conversion of 101% of net income. Adjusted EBITDA on a fiscal year-to-date basis increased 20% and adjusted free cash flow before dividends increased 23% compared to the prior year, with both measures highlighting the strong cash generation of the overall business. Weve included tables with our press release reconciling net income to EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow before dividends, and adjusted free cash flow before dividends. From a balance sheet perspective, net debt-to-EBITDA at the end of the second quarter is three times, including trailing 12 months of acquired EBITDA. This level is well below our most restricted debt covenants leaving us with additional debt capacity. And at the end of the quarter, we had approximately $360 million of combined cash and availability on a revolver. As we demonstrated, our strong cash generation enables us to delever quickly, which is our intent in the near-term. Ill now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks, as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending May 14, 2017, order rates are up 13%, as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 1% compared to the same period a year ago, where comparisons are challenging as order rates were up 7% at this time last year. Positive order rates in packaging and product assembly were offset by softness in other product lines. Geographically, orders were up in all regions except Europe. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are up 30%, as compared to the prior year. Nearly all product lines and geographies were up by double digits. These order rates reflect strong demand for automated and semi-automated dispensing systems and surface treatment systems related to mobile device and other electronics end markets and fluid management components for industrial and medical markets. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 4%, with organic growth in most all product lines. Geographically, order strength in the U.S. and the Americas was offset by softness in other regions. Backlog at April 30, 2017 was approximately $403 million, an increase of 37% compared to the prior year, and inclusive of 18% organic growth and 19% growth due to acquisition. Backlog amounts are calculated at April 30, 2017 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. Were forecasting sales to increase in the range of 15% to 19%, as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This growth includes organic volume growth of 6% to 10%, 10% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative currency effect of 1% based on the current exchange rate environment. At the midpoint of this outlook, we expect third quarter gross margin to be approximately 55% and operating margin to be approximately 24%, or 25% excluding estimated acquired inventory step-up charges and non-recurring restructuring charges associated primarily with our previously announced footprint consolidation initiative within our Adhesive Dispensing segment. Were estimating third quarter interest expense of about $9 million, an effective tax rate of approximately 29%, resulting in third quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.51 to $1.65 per share inclusive of approximately $0.07 per share, or $6 million, or intangible asset amortization charges related to our fiscal 2017 acquisitions, with most of this related to the Vention acquisition. A range of GAAP diluted earnings per share also includes one-time charges of approximately $0.03 per share for the footprint consolidation efforts within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, $0.02 per share for short-term purchase accounting related to the step-up in the value of acquired inventory, and a corporate charge of $0.01 per share for Vention acquisition transaction costs. Third quarter EBITDA is expected to be approximately $164 million, an improvement of approximately 18% over the same period a year ago. With regards to the Vention acquisition, we expect both short-term inventory step-up charges and transaction costs to be mostly complete in our third quarter. And for fiscal year 2017, were forecasting Vention to deliver between $0.05 to $0.10 earnings per share, excluding transaction costs. From a performance perspective, Vention will be accretive to Nordsons EBITDA margin beginning in the third quarter. From an operating margin perspective, we do not expect Vention to have a material impact on Nordsons overall operating margins once we are past third quarter one-time charges. For Nordson overall, were forecasting a full-year effective tax rate of 29% based on current tax law and excluding discrete items. For capital spending in 2017, were forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be approximately $50 million.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. I want to thank our team for delivering another outstanding quarter, revenue and earnings per share through the first-half were Nordson record. Innovation, premier customer service, strategic acquisitions, and continuous improvement using Nordson business system are driving our performance. And although, global growth is still expected to be  represent a challenging backdrop, were forecasting another strong quarter. With that, wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Rudy Hokanson with Barrington Research.
Rudy Hokanson: Thank you. Could you maybe talk about what youre seeing in the medical end market since thats such a critical area, given your acquisitions right now? Is it  does it seem to be an organic type of steady growth, or is there a particular push geographically? Im just wondering if you could flush it out a little bit more, and if that  if theres anything else you can say in terms of getting to that level youve talked about of maybe $500 million in revenue?
Michael Hilton: So, obviously, we just closed on a pretty large acquisition for us with the Vention acquisition, which doubles the size of our business in the medical space. But if you look at the underlying demographics, were seeing more procedures. Were seeing the move to plastic. Were seeing more outsourcing, all of that is driving significant sort of a top line growth. But the key to this like many of our businesses is around new products and innovation. And so in all of our businesses, we continue to introduce new products. And so across the Board, that is helping. In some of our businesses that were relatively local or North American focused. Weve been able to globalize those, for example, in our Value Plastics business, were seeing nice growth  global growth there. And weve been successful with our OEM customers in some strong new product wins. So Id say, the things that we felt were going to drive this business are exactly what were seeing driving the business.
Rudy Hokanson: Okay. Thank you. That was my primary question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam Burke: Mike, could you give us a little color on the polymer business? You mentioned in the prepared statements that the business delivered results. Are you through the restructuring, and are you seeing good order flow here?
Michael Hilton: So Id say, within the quarter, we had nice sales growth across all the product lines. Id say, were starting to see the film business come back. Some of the businesses are a little bit more digital like our pelletizing business tend to be big project related, that was solid within the quarter. So Id say, across the board, were seeing an improvement there. As far as the restructuring, no, were not done. Were in the process in the U.S. of consolidation in our core components business. We have our new facility in Austin town, Ohio, where were just bringing in equipment, as we speak. That should be fully up and running in transition probably by the first calendar quarter of next year, where were starting to bring in equipment and well be doing that in stages. And then were also expanding our facility in Germany, as a  our existing facility as a consolidation moves and thats probably another year out. So theres still work to be done there, but were making good progress along the lines that we expected.
Liam Burke: Great. And Vention has now been integrated. You have fair amount of liquidity, or you see acquisition pipeline continue to be strong, or how do you view that now?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So, weve had the Vention business for about a month. So I wouldnt say, its fully integrated, but Id say, the teams at Vention and Nordson MEDICAL are doing an excellent job focused particularly on our customers and making sure that we maximize our opportunities there. So were off to a good start. I would say, theres still opportunities and probably the most robust area of opportunities are in the medical space. And Id say, also where you have this continued interest in the cold materials space. But Id say, the  probably the most robust area is probably in that medical space, because the market across the different products is fairly fragmented. So were in a good spot. Obviously, as Greg said, our primary focus right now is to reduce our debt level. So that were prepared for further opportunities in the future.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Alembic.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Summerville: In terms of incoming order rates, it looks like Europe was down kind of in the low single-digit range in the quarter. Can you maybe comment on what drove that and maybe you can give some part comments across your three reportable business segments?
Michael Hilton: Yes, if you look at the order rates in Europe, Id say, really its more a function of some tough comps. So if I look at, for example, our core Adhesives business, our packaging and product assembly is doing well. Our nonwovens is off a little bit, but thats a function of some large projects last year, as some of our customers were converting to new form factors, for example, in diapers. So I think, its really just a tough comp, underlying business is solid, and theres a lot of sort of OEMs located in Europe. And Id say, ICS also a little softer, given the  some larger auto orders last year, which again are more digital. So Id say, theres nothing fundamentally going on there other than a little tougher comparisons there.
Matt Summerville: And then, is there a way to parse, Mike, the growth youre seeing in the advanced tech business specifically on the electronics side between new platforms or new mobile devices being launched versus new processes, such as, moisture protection from medically sealing device et cetera, how much of the growth has been driven by those various buckets, if you will, new stuff being launched on the part of your customers versus new processes? Thank you.
Michael Hilton: Yes. What I would say is, first is a general comment on the electronic side. This year, were seeing pretty good backdrop across sort of all areas. So mobile is certainly strong, but auto electronics is strong. Were seeing a rebound in the semiconductor side. So all of those things are contributing number one. Then if you look specifically at the mobile side of things, you get sort of the entrenched global competitors who launched new products  who are launching new products this year. But also as weve talked about the growth  significant growth of the sort of Chinese mobile suppliers that were doing very well with as well. And a lot of that is the function of our sort of tiered offering structure to support them. And then, Id say, on the higher-end, its really the new products that weve offered not only on dispense, but in test and inspection and in select areas of service treatment allow our customers ultimately to lower their cost of ownership by getting more yield out to the back-end, so higher speed more precise spend, better resolution, faster processing of the inspection. There are some products that are related to things like water proofing, but I would say, thats probably not the primary driver here. Id say, our new products are getting us traction, whether thats the high-end, or whether its the tiered products with the customer base there and were taking advantage of all of the global growth were seeing this year, but its broader than just the mobile side.
Matt Summerville: Then just lastly, if you back out the acquisitions in ACS, what would your core incremental margins have been in the quarter Greg?
Gregory Thaxton: If you back out all current year acquisitions?
Matt Summerville: Yes.
Michael Hilton: That maybe something we have to get back to you on. We might not have that at, but it will be good, but wed have to buy that to get back to you.
Gregory Thaxton: Obviously, very strong. If we look at those 200 to 300 basis points with some of the current year acquisitions and itd be even north of that.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Jeff.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, so just back on electronics, can you just talk about the coating funnel activity levels just as you start to enter this period of tougher comps in advanced tech?
Michael Hilton: Well, Id say, as you saw from our order rates going into the third quarter, they remain strong. This business is very seasonal though. So if you think about it, the development period tends to be our first quarter early into the second quarter. And the strong order period tends to be second quarter through third quarter maybe into the fourth quarter. So were in that peak period of time, where we typically see the orders come in and project activity is high. It tends to taper off in the fourth quarter, because everybody is getting ready for various model launches, et cetera, holiday season, et cetera. So Id say, were in that typical relative [ph] period and project activity is strong, again, it tends to taper off in the fourth quarter.
Gregory Thaxton: But and Jeff, Ill just add a couple of comments, tying on to some of the comments that Mike made previously, whats exciting about the opportunities here are the tiering opportunities as were reaching a different tier of customer base and what impact that may have on order patterns and seasonality of order patterns. But also the traction weve made, as Mike mentioned, around the success with some new product launches and the opportunities that that also provides. So typical seasonality would suggest that strength at this time of year, but also encouraged by the opportunity we have in these penetration of different customers with new products, or different customers with our tiering opportunities.
Michael Hilton: Weve talked in the past about from high-end dispense capability that we have, the precision on the dots to speed. Weve also launched a whole new product set of product lines in our test and inspection business, its getting really good traction. And some like in our bond testing, which typically have been a back-end packaging environment, were now pushing that into the tail end of the front-end and getting some traction on a much more sophisticated complex machines. Its not carrying the day, but its kind of thing thats a leading indicator of broadening our product point.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay, great. And then adhesives, it sounds like the biggest issue there is really just tough comps, but any markets really stand out that feel on the softer side, or is it just really just a tough issue?
Michael Hilton: Yes, as I said earlier, if you look at sort of our core adhesives, the packaging business has been very strong and particularly given some of the headlines that have been out there around some of the consumer product companies that its been very strong relative to that. Our product assembly that goes into a lot of different applications have been strong. Nonwovens has been solid, but has challenge of comparables year-on-year. Id say our  as I mentioned earlier, our pelletizing business tends to be digital with bigger projects. So the current orders, I said its a little soft, but the project activity is solid. So I feel pretty good about the underlying pace of the business and maybe a little surprised on the upside of how solid the packaging is, given what might be some softer consumer numbers out there.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Charles Brady: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Charley.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning, Charley.
Charles Brady: I just want to ask you about, youve had this margin target out there off of 2015 margin of 200 basis points, I guess, by the end of this fiscal year. And Im just really trying to square that up, I mean, you didnt obviously update that yet, were still halfway through. But Im just wondering, as you look at these acquisitions, a lot of them obviously here in the medical space, which tend to carry pretty good margins and, obviously, theres room for you guys to squeeze more out of that. Have youve given any thought as to kind of what your longer-term targets beyond this initial target put out there might be to where longer-term margins can go?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So Charley, just a couple of comments. As far as our 200 point target, we made great progress last year, as we mentioned at our year-end call. And were essentially there in terms of the 200 point improvement. Obviously, theres a lot of noise in the numbers, given all the acquisitions weve been making recently, but were essentially there. Were not going to stop, theres opportunities to continue to drive improvement. Id say, were probably not ready to talk about our longer range target. So were not going to stop with this improvement effort. And as I mentioned earlier, were still working through the polymer consolidation that will yield some benefits in 2018, so well see some additional improvement there. So not necessarily coming out with a long range target, because theres a lot of noise in the short-term. And quite frankly, one of the reasons we put the EBITDA information out there is that, things can get a little confusing in the near-term, but the cash generation from the businesses, both organic and acquired is really a critical focus, I think, going forward, so we wanted to put that additional information.
Charles Brady: Yes. No, I appreciate that incremental information. And its back on the China comments and you answered part of them. But Im just wondering, I think, China was approaching 50% of advanced tech system sales. Is that  have we hit that 50% mark yet, or are we still approaching that, thats obviously driven by the China mobile phone market?
Michael Hilton: Well, certainly, China is a strong part of the business, because you have a lot of the final assemblers are in China. But when you look at the extended supply chain for the electronics business, a lot of the components are not necessarily made in China. So if you think about camera modules and speakers and microphones and gyroscopes and all that stuff, theres an extended supply chain, thats not necessarily in China. So Id say, overall, probably two-thirds of the electronics business is still in Asia and in the short-term, it might be a little higher than that. But I wouldnt say, China is 50% of that given the broader supply chain.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, and I would add, Charley, some of the new product introductions, particularly in the T&I space are taking us to a customer base that also still resides in Asia, but not specific to China. So China is still, as Mike mentioned, is a big part. But I wouldnt suggest that its greater than 50%.
Charles Brady: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global.
Walter Liptak: Hi, guys, thanks. Good morning and great quarter.
Michael Hilton: Thanks, Walter. Good morning.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to do a follow-up on what you alluded to earlier from one of the questions regarding the growth rates. And I wonder if the Vention business, if that what the growth rate was of that this quarter and is that in your 12-week order rates?
Gregory Thaxton: Well, this is Greg. It is included in  from an organic perspective in our 12-week order rates. We dont break that that particular line of business out specifically. But in our most recent order rates, we would look at the current year for Vention, as well as the prior year, and that would find its way into that organic number, as well as then its going to be in the acquisitive growth in our third quarter guidance.
Michael Hilton: And as a general comment, Wal, when you look at the medical business, we have expectations of high single-digit, low double-digit kind of growth rates, and thats what weve seen historically and thats what we expect from the kind of businesses that we have.
Walter Liptak: Okay, fair enough. And then I wanted to ask about corporate expenses and where were  if you can give us an idea of 2017 corporate expenses, I dont know if theres a GAAP, non-GAAP number, but that would be helpful to? Thank you.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, okay. Well, its Greg, again. In the current quarter  the second quarter in that corporate managed number, youve got the transaction costs associated with Vention. So thats where you see the step-up. Well have a minor amount in Q3 that will also show up in that corporate number. But for modeling purposes, Id expect that to trend back closer to what the run rate had been, call it, in that $10 million to $12 million per quarter range.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys, good morning.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning, Allison.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: The margin is obviously very strong. But when I look at our expectations, the incrementals in the investments [Technical Difficulties]
Michael Hilton: Hey, Allison, were having a little trouble hearing you, maybe not close to the mike.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Is it better?
Michael Hilton: Not really.
Gregory Thaxton: Not much.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Okay, Ill try to yell, sorry. Incrementals in Industrial Coating seem a bit later than expected from our end. Im assuming, its mix. Any color that you can provide there?
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, Allison, its Greg. Its primarily mix of the product lines with Industrial Coating.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: And are we assuming thats sort of a same level than perhaps in Q3, given your orders that have come in?
Gregory Thaxton: Well, again, its going to depend upon what the mix of those orders for the balance of the quarter. Its not only what sits in backlog, but what comes in during the quarter. The issue being, for example, our gross margin by product line whether its a powder engineered system, or a liquid kind of standard system, container standard system have different margins, as well as than these spare parts gross margins. So really depends on the composition of the system sales, as well as the composition of parts to systems.
Michael Hilton: Theres nothing fundamentally going on with the margins in that business.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matthew Trusz from Gabelli & Company.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Matthew Trusz: So we talked about medical, we talked about electronics, could you also provide some color on what youre seeing in your industrial markets and what your sense is of the industrial economy more broadly?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So far just a couple of comment. So a lot of our business goes into consumer non-durables, its still probably about 40%-some of our business. And indicators of how that business is doing is around, say, our packaging business and thats been strong, as I mentioned earlier. When you look at our Product Assembly business in the Adhesive side of things, thats  a lot of that could be construction related, so windows, flooring, that kind of thing thats been solid, as well as also some electronics in that business. When you look at our Industrial Coatings business, the automobile sector has been strong for a number of years, that sort of feels like its plateaued a little bit and maybe fewer platform orders coming through this year. Our Powder Coating business goes to a lot of  and liquid coating to a lot of general assembly, general machining kind of applications and thats been solid. And container business is more niche again back to the consumer product side. So, Id say, generally, were seeing a solid market for investment, maybe the one area thats slowing down a little bit would be the auto sector from a platform standpoint.
Matthew Trusz: Thank you. And then looking at the margin strength in ADS, its 29% in the quarter. Could you speak to the role of product mix versus specific improvement at the polymers business, or is it just other factors like continuous improvement?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say, one, the mix probably helped us a little bit in this quarter. But the primary focus has been around trying to deliver volume growth and the incremental margin comes from that and then our continuous improvement efforts. So weve had strong continuous improvement efforts. Weve started to get some nice traction in the adhesive side on some new products like our adhesive tracking systems, which is helping in the package business as addition to the sales that we already provide. And then weve come up with yet another tiered offering, as an example, in our nonwovens business, which is getting us into some lower tiers some in China, but outside of China and other developing countries. So whole new set of customers that we havent tapped into before and thats a system designed and built in China for us. So were starting to see some traction on new products in that business, which is helpful as well as the improvement in the polymer business from a cost perspective in the overall continuous improvement. So its a number of things not just one.
Matthew Trusz: Excellent. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of David Stratton with Great Lakes Review.
David Stratton: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning.
David Stratton: Really quickly touch on the cadence of which you plan to pay down debt, I know, youve highlighted aggressive pay down. But any color you can give around that for modeling purposes?
Michael Hilton: Id just say, thats our primary focus. I mean, if you go to our capital deployment model, our primary focus is support organic growth, gave  Greg gave you some insight on what we think for the year there. And next is kind of continue our dividend trend. And then the third in the current environment is probably paying down debt and thats kind of our primary focus. If you go back a year or so ago after a fairly significant share buyback effort in 2015, we were able to delever within a year over a full point of a multiplier on the net debt-to-EBITDA. So that will be our focus here in the short-term.
David Stratton: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. Id like to turn the conference back over to Nordson Corporation for any closing comments.
Michael Hilton: Well, Id just like to thank everyone for their interest and support, and again, compliment to our global team for doing an excellent job this quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-02-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Senior Director, Jim Jaye. You may begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Leanne. This is Jim Jaye, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Communications for Nordson. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jeff Pembroke, Corporate Vice President within our Advanced Technology segment . We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, February 21, 2017, to report Nordson's FY 2017 first quarter results and our FY 2017 second quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at Nordson.com /investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until February 28, 2017, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 64914948. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectation. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks on the quarter, we'll provide some comments on our most recent acquisition, as well as on yesterday's announcement on our agreement to acquire Vention Medical's Advanced Technologies business. We'll then be happy to take your questions. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our global team delivered very solid performance this quarter. We generated organic growth of 10% compared to the prior year, with all three segments contributing to the growth. This marks the 11th time in the last 12 quarters that Nordson has delivered organic growth compared to the prior year. Diverse end markets, innovative products, new applications, and the best customer experience are continuing to drive our success. We leveraged the increased volume to drive significant improvement in operating margin and earnings per share compared to the first quarter a year ago. Our ongoing continuous improvement efforts are aiding our results as well. We also continue to generate strong levels of free cash, and we executed on our capital deployment strategy, where we distributed approximately $15 million in dividends and completed one acquisition during the first quarter. Two other acquisitions closed during the first few weeks of this quarter. And, as Jim noted, we are very happy to announce an agreement to acquire Vention Medical's Advanced Technology (sic) [Technologies] business. This transaction gives us real scale among many other benefits in one of their fastest growing and highest performing product line. We'll provide some additional detail on Vention and the other recent transactions later in the call. All four of these deals are aligned with our strategy and should provide excellent opportunities for profitable growth. Looking ahead to our second quarter, we're forecasting solid organic growth at the midpoint of our outlook. This outlook is based on current backlog, order rates, project activity, and in comparison to a very robust quarter of organic growth a year ago. I'll speak more about our outlook, current business trends and our recent acquisitions in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg to provide more detailed commentary on our current results, and our second quarter guidance.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. Regarding first quarter results, sales were $407 million, an increase of 10% over the prior year's first quarter. This change in sales included a 10% increase in organic volume, a 1% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions, and a 1% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior year's first quarter. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, organic sales volume increased 3% as compared to the prior year first quarter, offset by 1% negative impact related to currency translation. This is solid growth against a challenging comparison of the prior year first quarter, where organic growth was 11% in this segment. Our product assembly and rigid packaging product lines drove the growth in the current quarter. On a geographic basis, Asia Pacific, the Americas and Japan were strongest. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 25% over the prior year first quarter, inclusive of a 23% increase in organic volume, and a 2% increase related to the first year effect of the LinkTech and ACE acquisitions. The growth was offset by 2% negative impact related to currency translation. All product lines and geographies in the segment delivered excellent organic growth, most by double digits, with performance aided in part by comparison to a softer first quarter in some end markets a year-ago. Organic sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment increased 8%, compared to the first quarter year-ago, offset by a 2% negative impact related to currency translation. Growth was strong in nearly all regions and was led by demand for our cold material dispensing, powder coating and UV curing product lines. Gross margin for the total company in the first quarter was 55%, a 2 percentage point improvement compared to the prior year first quarter, driven by volume leverage and favorable mix. Operating profit in the quarter was $76 million and operating margin was 19%, a 5 percentage point improvement over the first quarter a year ago. Incremental operating margin on the increased volume was 68%. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, reported operating margin was 26% in the first quarter, an improvement of 1 percentage point compared to the same period a year ago. Within the Advanced Technology segment, reported operating margin was 18% in the first quarter, an increase of 11 percentage points over the same period a year ago, and within the Industrial Coating segment, reported operating margin was 13% in the first quarter, an improvement of 5 percentage points over the same period a year ago. This strong performance overall given the seasonally lower first quarter volume that is typical for all three of our segments, volume leverage, favorable mix and continuous improvement initiatives enabled all three segments to deliver operating margin improvement. For the company, net income for the quarter was $50 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.86, 19% higher than last year's first quarter. We've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share. On a normalized basis, EPS in the current quarter represents a 41% increase over the prior year normalized EPS. First quarter's EBITDA was $94 million and cash flow from operations was $78 million. Free cash flow before dividends was $71 million, reflecting cash conversion of 143% of net income. We've included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. In terms of capital allocation priorities, as Mike mentioned, we continued our balanced approach, distributing approximately $15 million in dividends to shareholders during the quarter, and we've been active on the acquisition front. At the end of the first quarter, our net debt-to-EBITDA was 1.8 times trailing 12-month EBITDA, down from 2 times at the end of fiscal 2016, and 2.8 times at the end of fiscal 2015. I'll now move onto comments regarding our outlook for the second quarter of FY 2017. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the 12 weeks of the prior-year on a currency-neutral basis and with acquisitions that closed prior to the end of the first quarter of 2017, included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending February 12, 2017, order rates are up 7% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 1% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Positive order rates in packaging and product assembly were offset by softness in other product lines. Geographically, positive orders in the Americas were offset by flat to slightly down rates in other regions. Timing of larger dollar system orders can have an effect on order rates, and for most of this latest 12-week period, order rates in the Adhesive segment have been up mid-to-high single-digits over the same period a year ago. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are up 15% as compared to the prior year. These order rates reflect strong demand for automated and semi-automated dispensing systems, test and inspection systems and surface treatment systems for electronics end markets. Order rates were up in all geographies. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 14%, nearly all product lines and geographies were positive. Backlog at January 31, 2017 was approximately $308 million, an increase of 24% compared to the prior year and inclusive of 23% organic growth and 1% growth due to acquisitions. Backlog amounts are calculated at January 31, 2017 exchange rates, and include acquisitions that closed prior to the end of the first quarter of 2017. With this backdrop, we're forecasting sales to increase in the range of 3% to 7% as compared to the second quarter a year ago. The sales forecast does include acquisitions that have closed, but does not include the Vention AT acquisition which is not yet closed. This range is inclusive of an increase in organic volume growth of 3% to 7%, 2% growth from the first-year effective acquisitions and a negative currency impact of 2% based on current exchange rates. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect second quarter gross margin to be approximately 56% and operating margin to be approximately 24%. We're estimating second quarter interest expense of about $6 million, and an effective tax rate of approximately 29%, resulting in second quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.21 to $1.33 per share. In addition to the second quarter outlook, the following full-year updates may be helpful for modeling purposes. For our effective tax rate, we're forecasting the full-year rate to be about 29% based on current tax law and excluding discrete items. For capital spending in 2017, we're forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be approximately $50 million.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Again, I want to thank our team for delivering another strong quarter, where sales and EPS were first quarter records for Nordson. Our second quarter outlook is also very positive and we're forecasting good organic growth, against a very strong period a year ago. We'd now like to spend some time highlighting the three recent acquisitions we have closed since the first of the year, and the agreement we have entered into, to purchase the Advanced Technology business of Vention Medical. A slide deck providing additional detail on these transactions is available on our investor website at nordson.com. We're excited about all of these additions to the portfolio and the profitable growth opportunities we believe they bring. All four will become part of our Advanced Technology segment, further balancing the business around less cyclical end markets. On January 3, we closed on the purchase of the ACE Production Technology (sic) [Technologies. ACE is the U.S.-based manufacturer of selective soldering systems, used in a variety of automotive and industrial electronics assembly applications. ACE technology is highly complementary to Nordson's existing conformal coating and optical inspection solution, and their products are often sold to the same set of customers. On February 16, we announced the purchase of Interselect, a European-based provider of the same-type of technology as ACE. Together these two properties will give us a new platform for growth within the electronics manufacturing space and further diversify our product offering. Combined annual revenue of the two businesses is approximately $12 million, with EBITDA margins in the mid-teen. We expect future performance of these businesses will benefit from volume leverage and operational improvements from the Nordson Business System. Regarding our other recent transaction announcements on Plas-Pak and the Advanced Technology business of Vention Medical, let me turn the call over to Jeff Pembroke, Corporate Vice President within Nordson's Advanced Technology segment.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Thank you, Mike. We're very pleased with the acquisition of Plas-Pak Industries, which we announced on February 1. Plas-Pak expands and diversifies Nordson's offering of single-use dispensing syringes, cartridges and related components. Plas-Pak's recurring revenue model, proprietary technology and low-dollar cost, high value-add selling proposition are complementary and consistent with our existing Nordson EFD product line. Plas-Pak strengthens Nordson EFD's position in select industrial end markets, while providing access to a rapidly growing animal health market and broader exposure to the DIY, pesticide and dental markets. The company has averaged high single-digit annual revenue growth over the last five years and had 2016 revenues of approximately $28 million and EBITDA margins slightly higher than Nordson's 2016 margin. We expect to leverage Nordson's global footprint to accelerate Plas-Pak's growth beyond its current strong presence in North America. And as announced in a press release yesterday, we've entered an agreement to acquire the Advanced Technologies business of Vention Medical, also known as Vention AT. This is a great acquisition for our customers, shareholders and employees. Vention AT is a premium quality highly complementary business that immediately adds significant scale and differentiation to our existing Nordson MEDICAL platform. It also establishes Nordson as a leading designer, developer and manufacturer of minimally invasive interventional delivery devices, balloons, catheters and advanced components for the global medical technology market. This transaction marks a major step forward in realizing our vision to become the premier solution provider of highly engineered, single-use components and delivery devices to leading medical device OEMs and emerging innovators around the world. Vention AT brings many complementary capabilities to our existing Nordson MEDICAL offering, such as complex extrusion, balloon and catheter manufacturing, nitinol forming and other specialty material expertise. They have one of the largest design and development teams in the industry, which provide full service solutions to customers from concept design and prototyping, quality and regulatory support to finish device assembly, supporting some of the most complex and innovative interventional and advanced surgical procedures performed in healthcare today. Vention AT also strengthens and expands our relationships with medical device OEM customers, where we will now be able to provide a broader array of solutions across a wider range of high-growth therapeutic areas, such as cardiovascular, electrophysiology, peripheral vascular, urology and neurovascular among others. Finally, the acquisition clearly aligns with the medical growth strategy we have previously articulated and follows the other successful acquisitions we have made since 2010 to build our current Nordson MEDICAL platform, including Value Plastics, Micromedics, LinkTech Quick Couplings and Avalon Catheters. We see Vention AT as an ideal complement to our current offering, which includes single-use fluid management components, biomaterial delivery devices and high-end cannula and tubing. We estimate the total addressable market for the combination of Nordson MEDICAL and Vention AT to be in excess of $4 billion and growing at a high single-digit low double-digit rate. We expect the Vention AT transaction to close by the end of our second quarter. We look forward to bringing our combined capabilities to the many leading medical device OEM customers we currently share and expanding our reach to new customers. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Greg to address additional financial aspects of these acquisitions.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, Jeff. As with the Plas-Pak acquisition, we expect Vention AT to enhance Nordson's top and bottom-line growth and be accretive to total company EBITDA margins. Vention AT sales for the 12 months ended January 31, 2017 were approximately $150 million with EBITDA of $48 million. $705 million purchase price represents an EBITDA multiple of 14.7 times, in line with similar multiples paid for other high quality properties in the medical space. Initial identified cost synergies are modest and in the range of approximately $5 million. Including these benefits, the purchase price represents a synergized EBITDA multiple of 13.3 times. Assuming a close on Vention AT during our second fiscal quarter, we expect $0.05 to $0.10 accretion to EPS in fiscal year 2017 from all four acquisitions, including estimated purchase accounting charges. Once we close and get further into our valuation work on purchase price allocation, we'll provide further updates on expected EPS accretion. The Vention AT deal will be funded with cash and debt. Our net debt to EBITDA is approximately 1.8 times at the end of the first quarter. Based on our guidance for the second quarter and including trailing 12 month EBITDA for these four acquisitions, our net debt to EBITDA is forecasted at approximately 3 times after close. As we have demonstrated historically, our consistent levels of cash flow allow us to delever quickly.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jeff and Greg. I want to welcome all the employees of ACE, Interselect and Plas-Pak and upon close Vention Medical AT to Nordson. We look forward to growing these great businesses in the months and years ahead. From an overall perspective, Nordson is firing on all cylinders right now. Thanks to the hard work of our team and the value we bring to our customers. We are executing on our growth strategy and the various initiatives we have to drive continuous improvement across the company. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator: And our first question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Jeff.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey, congratulation on this deal. Just can you walk through where you see the synergies, the $5 million and then just talk about where there is kind of the greatest customer overlap? And I think you mentioned kind of international opportunities. Just kind of touch on all those synergies. Thanks.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'll just make a couple of comments. The synergy level is relatively modest as this is sort of a fourth pillar to our platform from a medical device standpoint. Obviously there will be some we'd see from the leverage of our procurement capability and then maybe some other cost improvement opportunities. We haven't included any revenue synergies here, although we do think and we have shown in the past that we've been able to demonstrate incremental top-line revenue by cross-selling across our product lines with the relationships that we have with key OEMs. As far as the specifics on the customer side, this is a relatively concentrated group of OEM customers, and what this does for us is give us access to essentially all of the large OEM customers. But at the same time, this business has done a nice job with  through the emerging innovators and it gives us access to the broader part of our product line to some of these emerging innovators. So, that's an interesting opportunity. And then as you said, a lot of the big customers are global and can help translate this business more globally, so we feel pretty good about the position of the business.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up here on Advanced Tech, can you just give us an update on what you're seeing from a quoting activity, customer tone standpoint as you kind of enter this more seasonally strong, maybe just comment on what you're seeing from the Chinese OEMs automation wise, anything around major smartphone upgrades, that'd be helpful. Thanks.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say, let's sort of split this up into a couple of buckets. On the electronics side of the business, we're clearly seeing our approach to diversification playing out here. So, yeah, we're seeing good interest from the local mobile guys in China, but we also have more applications that go to in the automobile, electronics space and some of these new additions that we've added give us an even bigger footprint there on that automotive electronics space. But we're also seeing good penetration because of our new products into that wafer related processing, both the deposition through ASYMTEK and the inspection part of the business as well. So kind of what the story we've seen over the last few quarters is continuing there. We do see a lot of interest at least in terms of project activity on the mobile side. Again, at this point in time, you never know which ones of those are really going to come forward. And then if you look at the other part of the business, in our fluid management business, we're seeing solid business in a lot of general industry applications, fluid formulators, as well as activity in the electronics-related space. And then on medical, we're seeing strong opportunities in our medical business, related to our new products and our broadening product line there. So pretty solid activity across the board. Now also, we're up against that point of time where we start to see the business pickup, orders pickup, so we do have as the year goes on, for comps in the business as well.
Jeffrey Hammond: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And our next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Liam D. Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, could we go over to the adhesives and could you give us some color on how the polymer business has been doing?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So on the adhesives side of the business, the parts of the business that supports sort of consumer-related products, food and beverage other consumer related products, like packaging are doing well, our product assembly business is strong. Nonwoven business is a little soft, but that's against a really strong comparison last year. As you look at our polymer area, our dies business has picked up as the extrusion business has started to improve. We are seeing a little softness in the injection molding area, as we see some of the things like the auto business maybe start to slow down from a growth perspective a little bit. But in our melt delivery and our pelletizing business we expect to see this be a solid year, although, maybe a little lumpy, because particularly the pelletizing piece tends to be very project-specific. So, I'd say the business is improving, not quite as robust as we'd like to see, but improving.
Liam D. Burke: Okay. Thank you. And on the Vention acquisition, you mentioned there was discussion of the customer overlap or non-overlap. Is there any leveragability on the R&D front or on the production front?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say on the production front, down the road there could be. On the R&D side, I think it's complementary capability, but at this point we haven't factor that in. Jeff, I don't know if you want to comment anymore on that.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. I would just say on the manufacturing front, one of the things that this acquisition brings us is a new position into complex extrusion, balloon blowing and manufacturing and nitinol forming some other things. So, it's really complementary to what we do today, with some very specialized facilities that they have. So, probably not so much on the manufacturing side. On the design and front end, there are certain aspects of how we design products across the different medical product platforms that we can take advantage of envelope technology from one area and use it in other, so we do think there's some opportunity there.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Charley Brady with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Charles Brady: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Charley.
Charles Brady: On this acquisition of Vention, you guys have talked about getting life sciences platform to $300 million, $400 million size, this certainly jumps at really closely to the bottom-end of that market. I'm just wondering it is guys obviously another piece of the business you really weren't into minimally invasive technologies. As you add this pieces of business, are there additional tack-on pieces to the one you just did that further broadens up the capabilities or as we look to life science M&A, this kind of it for a while you're going to focus on other areas in terms of M&A?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So let me make a couple of comments, Charley. So, first of all, we feel like we're getting a lot of capability with this particular acquisition and particularly, as you mentioned in the minimally invasive space, which is probably the highest growth space within the medical device marketplace ,so we like that. That said, across all of our businesses in the medical space, there's still a degree of fragmentation there, there's still a fair bit of work that's done in-house from the OEMs, that trend continues to outsource that. So, we see good organic growth opportunities and we do see opportunities to add additional capability down the road. But obviously, this is a sizable scale play for us and puts us well on the way to getting this business to something that down the road could be a $0.5 billion business for us.
Charles Brady: Right. But I just want to go back, in your prepared remarks, on the orders for Adhesive Dispensing, I wasn't sure if I heard correctly. You talked about I think the tenure of orders through the quarter or through the 12 weeks, they had obviously ended up at 12 weeks down 1%, but I thought I heard you say that for the majority of the time they were actually up. Could you just clarify that?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. When you do the sort of point-to-point analysis, you can have a real strong week drop-off, and that's basically what we're seeing. And we think there's some timing around the year-on-year comparisons well, so we had solid orders and sort of in the last week, we had a period of time, where we had some very large orders last year that dropped out of that comparison. So, we feel pretty good about what we see, as I said across the businesses in terms of interest, particularly in the consumer non-durable related space, it was our packaging. As I said, this year the nonwovens area is going to be a little bit of a challenge, because we have such a strong year, last year with a lot of recapitalization, but we feel pretty good about the opportunities and prospects. That said, it's still an uncertain global kind of environment here. And so we feel pretty good about the opportunities that we see.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And, Charley, just to put a little more color on that, it also highlights, in that segment, we've got some larger dollar product lines, so as those orders come in in one given week, if that happens to be a week that drops-off for an incoming week, it could impact that total 12-week view. But again, the comment was to suggest, if you look on a week-by-week basis within that 12 weeks, order rates were pretty robust.
Charles Brady: Yeah. Okay. That's the point I was actually trying to just clarify. So, that is very helpful. And just one more for me, did you guys give a gross margin forecast for the second quarter?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah. We did. An operating margin?
Michael F. Hilton: Gross margin.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Gross margin, we suggest it would be 56% in the quarter.
Charles Brady: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Summerville of Alembic Global Advisors. Your line is open.
Matt J. Summerville: Thanks. Good morning. I want to talk about...
Michael F. Hilton: Hi, Matt.
Matt J. Summerville: ...Vention again for a moment. Can you talk about, you mentioned the $4 billion sort of TAM for your core Nordson MEDICAL, if you will, and then the recent acquisitions sort of combined, including Vention, how big is Vention's addressable market as a subset of that? And can you speak directly to the competitive environment, who the players are, what the relative market share position looks like?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, I'll let Jeff probably add some color to that. But getting into the minimally invasive space dramatically increases the available market to us. So, probably two-thirds of that $4 billion really falls into that minimally invasive space. At a high level, there are a couple of key competitors. There is a company called Integer that's a competitor in this space. And then TE's Creganna business is a competitor in this space. We feel good about our full capability from a solutions provider standpoint. There is a bunch of smaller folks out there, so opportunities for the future. And then, there's a still a fair bit of work that's done in-house by large OEMs, but the trend continues to be to outsource that and focus more on the end device. Jeff, I don't know whether you want to add any additional color there?
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. So, Mike, I think you had it right from that addressable market that we quantified about two-thirds of that would be in the Vention area, really related to minimally invasive interventional delivery devices and those sorts of things. The total outsource market for medical device OEMs is in excess of $40 billion. So, we're only talking about a portion of that, which is really the highly engineered differentiated piece. And, as Mike mentioned earlier in the call, there is additional opportunity that the OEMs continue to do in-house that more and more increasingly is being outsourced. And from a competitor standpoint, Mike mentioned, a couple, that we would see a directly against Vention AT. The market remains fairly fragmented as well with several other competitors out there as well.
Matt J. Summerville: And then just a couple of follow-ups on just sticking with Vention. It looks like about a month ago, Vention completed an acquisition of a nitinol wire manufacturer. Can you speak to the significance of that acquisition, what that technology adds to Vention? And, then, whether these products or even, Mike, maybe in core Nordson MEDICAL to the extent anything that's being done here falls under some sort of Federal regulatory umbrella? Thank you.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. Mike, you want me to take that?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Go ahead.
Jeffrey Alan Pembroke: Yeah. So, what you'll find in these types of businesses that are technology based, a lot of the differentiation comes from your ability to manufacture, convert, and design around very specialty materials. And so, the addition of nitinol to Vention's capabilities, nickel, titanium, which is basically a very biocompatible material with shape memory, so it can be used transcatheter. You can shape it, get it through a catheter, arrive at a point and it goes back to its original shape to perform the function that it was meant to perform. So it's a material that is becoming more widely used in medical devices. And so the acquisition that Vention made was a company that has unique ability in forming nitinol into very complex shapes. So we do see that as a significant capability that we could take and expand to other applications and other customers. As it relates to the regulatory and FDA, so Vention would be subject to similar levels of regulatory risk and FDA burden that we experience in some of our current Nordson MEDICAL business today. Vention's liability is limited to the extent, they do not own 510(k) or device registrations. But they're subject to standard medical device quality standards and manufacturing practices, which are audited from time to time by the FDA. However this is common, and something that again we experience today within parts of our Nordson MEDICAL business.
Matt J. Summerville: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Josh L. Zaret: Hi guys, this is actually Josh, in for Chris. Thanks for taking my call and congrats on the quarter and the recent flurry of M&A. I guess the first one we have is  so Vention looks like a huge win at a really accretive price. So I guess are there any other medical deals out there that have a similar scale to Vention and such accretive margins or is this sort of a unicorn?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I would say, in terms of the margin side, our focus is really on differentiated capability and so everything that we're looking to acquire in this space, whether it's the minimally invasive space that we're talking about here or the other products that we've already acquired, it's around being able to differentiate capabilities, so that you can provide the right solution for customers, create value and get paid for it. So there are other opportunities out there that we continue to look at across all of the product lines within our medical business. I think this is a nice move from a scale perspective. There may be some others out there  there's certainly things that we're interested in, but really not in a point to talk about anything right now. So I'd say there's more opportunity, this is a good move from us from a scale point, but more importantly from the capability that it gives us the market segment that it opens up to us in a big way and the ability to kind of reinforce the broader capability we have with a consistent group of customers.
Josh L. Zaret: Okay, perfect. And I guess the follow up over into ADS, it seems like things has slowed a bit in EMEA. Any color you could provide there or is this just a one-off or you've seen anything slowing ex-packaging there?
Michael F. Hilton: As I said, I think, in this particular quarter as you look at the order rates, it's more probably larger project related kind of thing than anything else. What I would say is across the board, the sort of consumer non-durable space looks solid right now and that's why packaging looks solid. There's some good opportunities in the product assembly area that looks solid. Nonwovens is operating at a high level, but it's got a really tough comp last year, we did get a number of significant recapitalization. So, it's got a tough comp there. I'd say our dies businesses are improving. We're starting to see our core components pick up as well as the melt delivery in terms of opportunities out there, palletizing is lumpy, but we think it will be a good year but it's going to lumpy. So I'd say the big project mix is the one thing that's hard to predict and that's the one area that can move things around, that's both in say product assembly and some of the lesser extent nonwovens I mean and some things like palletizing. So, we think the opportunities are good, we've got tough comparables in that business.
Josh L. Zaret: All right. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Yeah, Hi guys. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Allison.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: With the incremental additions including Vention, how should we think about the seasonality with that ATS business, I imagine it's a bit more smooth than it's been historically going forward?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say on the seasonality, yeah, probably a little bit. But if you think about it, we're still going to see the kind of holiday effects that we see in most of our businesses in the first quarter. So, I'd say seasonality wise, there's probably a little improvement. Obviously from a cyclicality standpoint it's part of a specific strategy that we have to try and balance out that segment where we have more cyclicality in the electronics related parts of the business.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. And then on ETFs, I guess just in this optimism of the Trump administration right now, I know you've talked about backlog and orders, but in terms of inquiries have you seen sort of a mix towards these larger projects starting to come through, particularly if you look to the U.S. there are no change there yet. Just any thoughts on that?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say we've not seen any dramatic change associated with the proposed policies that the President has talked about, but for some bigger projects it would take a little longer for those to materialize anyway. I mean, I think when you look at something for example like the auto industry we kind of supported wherever it is. So, they move from place to place, but we generally view that as an opportunity and one of the stronger sort of end markets. But we haven't really seen anything that we could identify as an uptick associated with the proposed policies.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Scott Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Walt.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
Walter Scott Liptak: I want to ask you about the Vention Medical acquisition, and I wonder if you can help us understand a little bit more about how the business was organized and the part of the business that you didn't acquire, and I guess it was for sale, so why didn't you acquire? Are there any relationships that are going to be continuing from that either way as a supply relationship et cetera?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, I'll just make a couple of high level comments. I mean the overall Vention business was put together through a series of acquisitions, some more focused on, I'd say the service side of the business and some more focused on through the technology side of the business. And the owners in the process decided to split this up into sort of two pieces and as we said, before, we like the position, where you have the opportunity to be a solutions provider to the customer, where you've got differentiated capability and we certainly saw that in the Vention AT business, and that's why we were most interested in that particular business. There will be modest ongoing relationship between the two businesses and contracts to cover that, but it's not significant in terms of the total. So, they operated as fairly independent businesses.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. Great. And, so the manufacturing locate, they're not going to be contract manufacturing for Vention AT?
Michael F. Hilton: No, there's some products that go back and forth, it's a very de minimis amount and we'll have agreements in place to address those, but it's not significant. There are  as Jeff had mentioned, there's certain capabilities with each of these sites that are important, and quite frankly the locations are important from medical device, particularly front-end design standpoint. So, we really like the locations that we have and the presence we have in sort of the hot bed (44:55) markets of the medical design space.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. Great. And then switching gears back to adhesives. I wonder if you can talk a little bit more about the polymers business, you mentioned that it was little bit soft for injection molding, were those comments specifically to automotive or is it, because that's kind of across the board, sort of a product or what are you thinking about for the full year in capital spending in that plastics area?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So I would say, we're encouraged by the activity that we see in terms of the opportunities. I'd say, we're finally starting to see some of the extrusion in the film part of the business pickup and that shows up most in our dies business, which is looking better. I'd say the injection molding part of the business has been on a strong run, up to about six months to nine months ago, where it's slowed down a little bit and I'd say that part is continuing. So I'd say we expect to see it to be a positive year from a growth perspective, but a lot of these are bigger projects, we're working on them now, they need to come through to have an impact in the year. But I'd say we're encouraged by what we're seeing from an opportunity standpoint, but it's not everything working in concert much like the core Adhesives business, where we've got a couple parts of the business looking pretty attractive and other parts up against tougher comps, and not quite as attractive right now. But again, anything that's really more consumer nondurable related is looking pretty strong and the durable piece is I'd say at a good level, but not strong as we might have seen in parts of last year.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. Great. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions. At this time, I'd now like to turn the call back to Senior Director, Jim Jaye for any further remarks.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Leanne and on behalf of our team, I appreciate you joining our call today. I'm available throughout the week to take any additional questions you might have. Thank you again, and have a good day and we'll signoff. Thank you.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-12-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations, sir you may begin.
Jim Jaye: Thank you Kelly, and happy holidays to everybody listening. I am here today with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Wednesday, December 14, 2016 Nordsons FY16 Fourth quarter results and our FY17 first quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until December 21, 2016, which can be accessed by calling 44-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 25973581. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, well have a question and answer session. Now Ill turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our FY16 fourth quarter results and a bit about the first quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. First I would like to thank our global team for their outstanding work not just in the fourth quarter but for the whole year for sales, operating profit and earnings per share were all full year records for Nordson. Looking at the fourth quarter, our record sales were driven by organic growth of 13% compared to the same period a year ago. All three segments in most geographies contributed to this growth. Our team did a great job leveraging this increased volume and focusing on continuous improvement initiatives to improve our operating margin by five percentage points compared to last years fourth quarter. Diluted earnings per share increased 56% over the same period. Other highlights in the quarter include the acquisition of LinkTech Quick Couplings, which adds to our medical offering and an increased our annual dividend for the 53rd consecutive year. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was a great way to end the year and one of the very strong year for Nordson. Nordsons momentum continues as we began the New Year. Our backlog is up significantly from the same time a year ago and our 12-week order rates are positive in all geographies and segments. In a few moments, Ill offer some additional perspective on our performance, the macroeconomic environment and our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. But first, Ill turn the call over to Greg who will provide more detailed commentary on the fourth quarter and our first quarter guidance. Greg.
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you Mike, and good morning to everyone. Ill first provide some comments on our fourth quarter and full year results before moving onto our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Sales in the fourth quarter were $509 million, a 14% increase from the prior years fourth quarter. This change in sales included organic volume growth of 13% and a 1% increase related to the first year affect of acquisitions. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, adhesive dispensing segment sales volume increased 3% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Our general product assembly, rigid packaging and non-woven product lines led the growth in the current quarter. Asia Pacific, Europe and the United States were the strongest regions. Sales volume in the advanced technology segment increased 32% from the prior year fourth quarter including a 30% increase in organic volume and a 2% increase related to the first year affect of the LinkTech acquisition. Organic growth was robust across the segments electronic systems and fluid management portfolios led by a demand for our automated and semi automated dispensing product lines. The growth was positive in nearly all geographies and was strongest in Asia Pacific and Japan. Organic sales volume in the industrial coatings segment increased 12% compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. Demand for our cold material dispensing in automotive and other durable goods end markets drove the growth. Growth was strongest in the Americas, the United States and Japan. Gross margin for the total company in the fourth quarter was 54%, a 1% improvement over the prior year driven primarily to favorable mix. As part of our previously discussed margin enhancement initiatives, we incurred onetime cost during the fourth quarter of approximately $6.4 million, mostly related to restructuring and severance as we worked through rationalizing our footprint within the adhesive segment. Restructuring cost associated with our margin enhancement initiatives are largely behind us at this point. We also incurred $211,000 of short-term purchase accounting charges in the quarter related to acquired inventory within the advanced technology segment. Operating profit in the quarter including these onetime charges was $111 million and operating margin was 22% or 23% on a normalized basis to exclude onetime charges. Reported operating margin in the quarter improved by five percentage points compared to the prior year through the combination of volume leverage, mix and the net effect of continuous improvement initiatives. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, adhesive dispensing delivered operating margin of 24% in the fourth quarter inclusive of approximately $5.6 million of restructuring charges. Normalized operating margin within the segment to exclude these onetime charges was 26%. Within the advanced technology segment, reported operating margin was 26% including the $211,000 short-term purchase accounting adjustments for acquired inventory and $373,000 of onetime restructuring charges. The industrial coating segment delivered operating margin of 23% in the fourth quarter including $468,000 of onetime restructuring charges. Net income for the quarter was $76 million, fourth quarter GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 56% compared to the prior year to $1.31 or $1.39 on a normalized basis to exclude onetime items. We have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain onetime items. The fourth quarters EBITDA was $128 million and cash flow from operations was $136 million. Free cash flow before dividends was $121 million reflecting strong cash conversion of 160% of net income. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. Capital deployment during the quarter included acquiring LinkTech to add to our advanced technology segments medical offering, increasing our annual dividend for the 53rd consecutive year and reducing notes payable and debt by $59 million. Ill now provide a few comments on our full year results. Sales for fiscal 2016 were $1.8 billion, organic growth for the year was a robust 7% compared to the prior year, this is outstanding growth given the challenging macroeconomic environment of 2016. Full year gross margin was 55%. Full year operating profit was $388 million and reported operating margin was 22%. This operating margin is an improvement of three percentage points compared to the prior year, with full year incremental operating margin of 59%. Net income for the full year was $272 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $4.73, a 37% improvement over fiscal year 2015. Full year EBITDA was $459 million and free cash flow before dividends was $272 million or 100% of net income again reflecting strong cash conversion. In addition to funding organic and acquisitive growth initiatives during the year, Nordson invested $32 million to repurchase shares all during our first fiscal quarter, paid $56 million in dividends for a full year payout ratio of 21% and reduced leverage on the balance sheet from approximately 2.8 times trailing 12-month EBITDA at the start of the year to approximately two times at the end of the year. Ill now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12-weeks, ending December 4, 2016 order rates were up 17% as compared to the same 12-weeks in the prior year. Within the adhesive dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 8% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Orders were up in all product lines and were led by polymer processing and rigid packaging. Asia Pacific, Japan and the U.S. were strongest geographically. In the advanced technology segment, order rates for the latest 12-weeks are up 34% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Order rates were up in all product lines in all geographies most by double digits. Within the industrial coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 11% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Cold material dispensing equipment for automotive and industrial applications and powder coating equipment for consumer durable end markets drove this growth. The U.S., Europe and the Americas were strong geographically. Backlog at October 31, 2016 was approximately $274 million, an increase of 20% compared to the prior year with less than 1% of the increase due to the LinkTech acquisition. Backlog amounts were calculated at October 31, 2016 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We are forecasting sales to be in the range of up 4% to up 8% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume of up 6% to up 10%, offset by negative 2% unfavorable currency translation effects based on the current exchange rate environment. Relative to current order rates, the sales outlook reflects expected moderation in order rates as we move through the quarter and some of the recent orders will benefit our second quarter. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect the first quarter gross margin to be above 55% and operating margin to be approximately 18%. We are estimating first quarter interest expense of about $5 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 29% resulting in first quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.74 to $0.84. In addition to this first quarter outlook, the following full year data points may be helpful for modeling purposes. For our effective tax rate, we are forecasting the full year rate to be about 29% based on current tax law. And finally, for capital spending in fiscal 2017 we are forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be approximately $50 million. This capital-spending forecast does not include spending associated with our previously announced U.S. Polymer product line footprint consolidation where we will be exiting two loans and one leased facility and consolidating into one newly leased facility in Ohio.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Our strong fourth quarter capped an excellent year where we outperformed relevant industries and most of our industrial peers. We are clearly seeing the benefits of prior investments in growth and margin enhancement initiatives and we continue to focus on these in fiscal 2017. As our performance against our 200 basis point operating margin initiative, I believe weve captured the majority of this in fiscal 2016, but we will continue to utilize the Nordson business system to further widen our operating margins. Our team deserves credit for serving our customers at the highest level and for continuing to optimize our business. Our first quarter outlook reflects our improved backlog, current 12-week order rates, typically seasonality and comparisons to prior year or organic growth was modest. We are very encouraged by our order rates we are seeing in all three segments particularly in the advanced technology segment where demand for our solutions is strong across electronic and medical end markets. Of course, our comps get more challenging as we move through the year and we remain cautious with regards to the overall macroeconomic environment. Longer term, we continue to feel good about the multiple opportunities we have to drive growth in all of our segments. Overall, our strategic priorities for the year remain pretty straightforward. We are focused on driving organic growth above global GDP. From an M&A perspective, we continue to target high quality companies in the spaces we have identified and well continue to use the tools within the Nordson business system to drive operating improvement across the enterprise. At this time, well be glad to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with SunTrust. Your line is open.
Patrick Wu: Hi guys, this is actually Patrick Wu standing in for Charlie. Thanks for taking my question.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Patrick.
Patrick Wu: Good morning. I just wanted to -- just to take a quick look at operating margin. I think excluding one-time items it was around 200 basis points above last year. Can you guys maybe parse out what the contribution is for mix, pricing volume, and even NBS? I just want to get a better sense of that.
Michael Hilton: Patrick, you are talking for the year or just for the quarter?
Patrick Wu: Just for the quarter.
Michael Hilton: Well for the quarter, we are up about five full percentage points and if you look at that certainly, the volume leverage is a significant contributor. You know we do have better mix as associated with say more of the high-end dispensed products and particularly in the electronic systems business. And then you know I would say as it relates to our initiative to move our operating margins up a couple of 100 points, basis points structurally you know and now for the whole year I think we are probably well above 80% of the way there, so that obviously contributed. So if you look at it, it may be equal amounts across that mix of comments.
Patrick Wu: Right. And to be fair I do see the five points, but I was just speaking strictly to excluding restructuring. I think
Michael Hilton: And its about -- if we excluded onetime items in both years its about a 400 basis point improvement.
Patrick Wu: Okay. And another question I had was, and can you remind us whether or not there is any seasonality involved in terms of order intake and I know 17% or 70% [ph] and thats a great number, but I just looking back a couple of years, I dont think that is the case but I do want to see whether or not seasonality played an issue there, and if it did, how much of that was part of the seasonality?
Michael Hilton: No, I would say no that is not a seasonality effect. I mean from order perspective seasonality typically would suggest that you know this time of the year we would be trending down with the holiday period coming Id say down relative to the other three -- to the rest of the year. So peak is typically in the tail end of the third into the fourth quarter and it trails down. We are seeing that same kind of seasonal pattern, but I would say just much more robust orders right now based on really the things that we have been talking about all year and that is around growth, its the new product that we have introduced with some new applications and quite frankly its recapitalization based on technology improvement that is driving that, but there is not a Id say year-on-year seasonal change that we are seeing this year.
Patrick Wu: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Peter Warendorf with Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Peter Warendorf: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Peter Warendorf: I just had a few quick questions on the segments. In the adhesive segment, how specifically was the polymer business in the fourth quarter and then in ATS segment, how did the Nordson Medical do?
Michael Hilton: Okay, Id say in the fourth quarter, the polymer business was off a little bit, but it tends to be lumpy particularly with some of the larger projects that we do for the year. It was up but off a little bit in the fourth quarter, but as you saw from the commentary on order rates, really solid order rates in the first quarter there. And as it relates to the medical business, another strong year in medical business of solid and strong fourth quarter in the medical business, you know a function of continuing to add to the breadth of our product lines as well as globalizing some of the businesses that were primarily North America focus, so very strong growth in that segment across the year.
Peter Warendorf: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning and congratulations on a great year.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: So you know even with the strong first quarter outlook, the revenue guide indicates a relatively slow backlog conversion multiples, so wondering if there is anything to understand there about backlog composition trends and bearing in mind that you have been beating on revenues for several quarters here now.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say a couple of things. As it relates to the backlog, we do have projects that we know are not going to be delivered in the quarter. And you know sometimes our customers will place large orders with stage deliveries and were seeing some of that, so we factor that in. As I was mentioning earlier, we do have this sort of seasonal period where we get through closer to the holidays things, slow down a fair bit from an order entry perspective and so we are factored in sort of our historical view on that. So Id say nothing unusual there, just fairly typical other Id say you know given the relatively strong systems orders for the year and solidly in the fourth quarter some of those we know are not going to be delivered in the first quarter.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And you know ATS has had pretty killer year, better mobile cycle, but also you are clearly expanding your markets there, so there is some new favorable dynamics I would think. So could you help us conceptualize how to think about the comparisons as the year goes on in terms of modeling?
Michael Hilton: Yes, so the primary driver for the electronics part of ATS over the last number of years that we have talked about has been mobile, and that continues to be the biggest driver. But as we talked about in the last couple of quarters, weve sort of spread the customer base there to take advantage of the initial automation of the Chinese mobile customers. And were seeing that on the dispense side and we are starting to see some traction on the inspection side, which is encouraging. And in addition weve done some things through technology to create some opportunities for on wafer dispense and inspection and were continuing to see traction there. So from our perspective, the diversification efforts are continuing to play out well here for us in the near term. We still potentially have the wavering effect from how much change year-over-year has gone into the mobile segment and at this point of time, it is really hard to access that. You know as weve talked about in the past we do a lot of development work with end customers on this during the period of time but through Id say February or so and then really its towards that second quarter that were getting a real sense of how many of those are going to go forward. So Id say we are still in that development period, the development is fairly robust but we dont have a clear crystal ball on which projects are going to hit. Now outside of the electronics piece, as we talked about just a moment ago, medical is doing well, we continue to broaden and diversify that business including this last acquisition that broadens our quickens [ph] our product line. And in a general industry area, we are seeing an uptick in improvement in things like 2K products for construction, the acquisition of Liquidyn last year filled in a nice gap in our prior client where we are really seeing significant global growth with that business and some of the other new developments from a product standpoint. So the areas outside the electronic system we are trying to continue to diversify and see good traction. The electronics piece, were diversifying but we still have the impact of the mobile piece and its hard to say beyond the next quarter where we are at there.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thats a really helpful explanation on the mobile piece. I guess within mobile are adjacent to it, you know weve seen the pattern in years past, but the Chinese piece is clearly gaining some scale I think, is that a more dramatic factor for you?
Michael Hilton: Thats certainly becoming more relevant as we start to see more adoption of automation and there sort of our tiered offering approach has really gotten some good traction. So, we do think that the key suppliers that are going to be around from a China perspective will continue to automate and we still there are opportunities there to sell critical equipment to allow them to do that.
Christopher Glynn: Okay and maybe the same answer, my last one I promise. Any view to the sustainability and mix?
Michael Hilton: Youre talking about across the company or.
Christopher Glynn: ATS, sticking with ATS here.
Michael Hilton: Yes, well Id say in the long run we still think things like medical are going to grow faster than other elements of the business. We do think that well see growth in the electronic systems piece but its going to come more from our efforts to broaden and diversify and less from smartphone, things like smartphone penetration. As weve talked about in the past, as we look at year-over-year this year and that particular segment having more of the dispense type business where we provide more of the value add had helped our margins. And so I would say that could continue to help if we see dispense continuing to be as high as it has been, but quite frankly we like our margins in the test inspection business and we are looking to drive that businesses well. So Id say there are opportunities for continued improvement in the mix, but again the mobile piece will determine if we have fluctuations quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year.
Gregory Thaxton: And Chris, I would just add that this is Greg. We do see continued good growth rates in medical and from an inorganic perspective; wed like to see that become a bigger mix of the portfolio as well to help with some of the cyclicality aspect of that segment.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks for the understanding guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
James Picariello: Hey guys, this is James Picariello on for Jeff.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
James Picariello: Can you talk about in what businesses particularly you expect this moderation and orders during this seasonal low that you talked about. So, what business is there? And then also in terms of the backlog timing, you said that you expect some business to flow through in the second quarter, can you also just provide color around what segments are positioned to benefit there?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So I would say, all of the businesses see this seasonal sort of slowdown from an order intake, just because of the holiday, I mean we think about our -- where we are right now. Were in the middle of December, a lot of our customers shutdown. I would say, its probably more impactful on our coatings businesses and potentially some of the other businesses where we have bigger systems, order is because people tend to wrap up the year and then its usually well in the January before theyre through their budgeting for [ph] the next year, many of our customers are on the calendar basis for their capital improvement. So Id say, those are the areas that tend to slow down. And then Id say, on the businesses that has sort of bigger orders, we can have some of those in coatings, but its more likely it will be in the electronics area where customers has staged orders at polymer area or we can have some bigger projects. And then within our adhesive area some of products assembly business which tend to be bigger systems order could also stretch out in time, because of the nature of the project. So it varies across. I would say, a lot of our core packaging kinds of activities at nonwovens is tend to be delivered in the quarter and some of our more standard products and the other businesses tend to be deliver in a quarter, and of course the other part side of the business is generally all the quarter. So its basically the larger systems orders and those orders that are placed 50 at a time, 100 at a time with staged deliveries and those are the areas that I mentioned.
James Picariello: Okay. And then, regarding restructuring, the benefits are clearly -- clearly have shown throughout this year. You did make the comment that restructuring actions are largely behind the company now in terms of the costs. Are there any additional actions that could be taken in FY 2017? And how you are thinking about emphasizing the savings bucket, incremental savings bucket for this upcoming year?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I would say, the primary activity that we see going thats significant in the next year is really this consolidation in the U.S. of three polymer facilities into one and that will be going throughout the year. As far as sort of charges, I think were largely beyond the charges. As far as the benefits, some of the benefits may stretch out into the first quarter of 2018 and as we build out and then transfer to that facility. But I dont see any substantial charges related to the programs that weve talked about in the specifics sort of structural margin improvement. At that said, we have an ongoing robust program in our Nordson business system to drive year-on-year continuous improvements and we have strong plans in place there, kind of our minimum goal there is offset any cost portion and over and above that were looking for some benefits.
James Picariello: Okay. And just last one on capital allocation. The bias this year has been on debt repayment, so how does the M&A pipeline look and how are you balancing your debt repayment versus acquisitions and even buyback at this point, how youre thinking about those three?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So I would say, as we typically thought about primary number one is to support organic growth and I think Greg talk a little bit that including the activities we have going on for restructuring. Second is our dividend piece, thats pretty modest. So then when you get back to that, M&A is a key priority. We still have the four areas that were interested in along with anything that we could to tuck into our core business, the area that has probably the deepest pipeline is still in the medical area. We made one small acquisition this year. There is small acquisitions and some larger ones out there that would be opportunities. And Id say also in other areas where we continue to have interest is in the coal material space. I think then Greg talk little bit about how thats doing from an order and performance perspective. So, Id say, the pipeline is pretty robust. Id say the market is relatively full price kind of opportunities here and weve got pretty clear views on what were interested in and what were willing to pay, but I would say, weve got a pretty robust pipeline. Id say on the share buybacks, we still have an open share buyback authority from our board. As Greg mentioned, we havent done anything since the first quarter and well continue to opportunistic there.
James Picariello: Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Alembic. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Hey, morning. Thanks. Mike, if we just taken into account kind of conversations youre having with your customers at this point, and you sort of touched on this a little bit, but what does that suggest you about the prospect for advanced technology to generate organic growth in the mid single-digit or better range again in 2017 relative to how you performed in 2016? And I guess, do you get the sense that you have the opportunity to break this sort of every other year kind of where you get high single to low double-digit organic growth that it flatten out. Can you just sort of talk about that in a little more granularity?
Michael Hilton: Yes. What I would say, at a high level as Greg mentioned earlier, there is still some cyclicality to that business, and as long as it sort of going to driven, and Ill talk about half of the advanced tech piece thats focused on the electronic business. As long as that is kind to be linked strongly to the mobile piece youre going to have some of that, and quite frankly weve taken advantage of all advances in the mobile segment, but it does provide some fluctuation. So, as weve talked on that particular piece it comes down to how much change youre going to see year on years, for long time it was about penetration smartphone. Were pretty much there in terms of the overall market penetration, I think that with the perhaps with the exception of large market like China and maybe in the future growing market like India. But were pretty close to being there from a penetration standpoint. So it comes down to change and that weve talk in the past it not just sort of form factor change or feature change, it can also be process change like water proofing which drove some activities this year. So, Id say, all the projects that were working on with our critical customers are around change elements. And its hard for us to predict what they are going to launch on going forward. So thats still unknown. I think the things that can counterbalance that are couple of fold. One, new products can help from giving our customers greater value and benefit and potentially allowing us to increase our wallet share. Two, we have some new application, so we talked a lot about wafer side of things where were going into that through dispense for three dimensional, 3D type shifts and as well as inspection for that. And then, the tiering piece is really being focus  as a focus for the company across all markets, but in particular in this end, weve really seem traction as we mentioned last quarter with three of the four Chinese mobile guys and what we see from them is more interest in doing more automation, more interest in doing more sophisticated types of processing, so that certainly encouraging. Obviously, you have to pull the trigger on it and place the orders throughout the year, but thats encouraging. So those are the kind of things were trying to do to counterbalance that sort of on/off cycle that were seeing for the last years in the mobile side. What that balance in the end looks like is Id say its still hard to tell right here. In the long run we do think were going to grow above the market because of the things like new products, new applications tiering to give us growth more robust than what youll see in the industry. In the short run its little harder to predict. Obviously, were off to a good start here on that business, but the critical timeframe on the mobile phone piece is really as we get close to the end of the second quarter. And then when you look at the other part of the business, the fluid management part of the business, medical, its all about new products and increasing the breath of our product offering. And then in the general industry area its driving our offerings there. Weve done a complete head to toe refresh of all of our dispense products. Weve upgraded our tabletop automation products. Weve added things like Liquidyn and theyre getting good traction and allowing us to globalize, and weve introduced some really new technology that both the electronics organization and the fluid management organization using on these very high, small volume dispense applications that were getting traction on. So those are all of things that were trying to do to buffer it. I cant say that thats going to be -- were not going to see some year on year up and down depending on how the mix works out there.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thats helpful. And just as a follow-up, within just thinking about advance tech, can you talk a little bit about what you saw from a mix standpoint on a sequential basis from Q3 to Q4? And then sort of works that into, as we think about how to model Q1, how would suggest we look at advanced tech in the sense that if you just can go back the last couple years, your operating margins in Q1 have varied from say, 7% to 20%. So theres a pretty big gap there. I guess how would you suggest to we consider modelling Q1 in that regard?
Michael Hilton: Yes. Id say, the things that have created the volatility in Q1 have been number one volume. So, in some cases where volume has been soft, I think you know weve got strong incremental margins in the business and in the very short term you know this is a business where we can move resources up, down pretty quickly. Its hard to offset. So volume is the number one piece. And then two, mix in the business as I mentioned earlier, more dispense is better only because we have more value add on dispense side than we do on the inspection -- on the inspection side. So those two things tend to drive more than anything else what we see in the quarter. And so, like I said, were off to a good start with the order pace that we have and the backlog that we have right now. And the other question on the third to fourth quarter, are you specifically talking about margins or what you
Matt Summerville: Yes. I mean, Im just looking at a $10 million round number, sequential revenue decline in the $14 million, $15 million sequential operating profit decline. Im just trying to understand what some of the current pluses and minuses are on that from a mix standpoint if you will?
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, Matt. This is Greg. Thats going to largely be within that segment product line mix whereas Mike alluded to, weve got different margin profile on different product lines than others and then there is going to be some volume leverage as well.
Matt Summerville: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Trusz with Gabelli. Your line is open.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my question.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Matthew Trusz: So, youve spoken to the trend of recapitalization driving growth. Can you speak to the extent to which this is concentrated in that sort of traditional ADS North America area versus a more board opportunity for you?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I mean, certainly one the key areas for us is the core adhesive business where we have such a large installed base. But weve seen that in our fluid management business as an example, with this whole new launch of new products and refresh and augmentation to our valve line and the addition of product portfolio weve seen a very strong value proposition to encourage our customers to upgrade to the latest technology, so thats another area that where we see that. I think when you look at even parts of our electronics area, its around the performance of new products and what they can do to meet the challenges of the customers are looking at. But Id say, it certainly been in those two areas that Ive highlighted.
Gregory Thaxton: And Matt, its a global opportunities for us as well in the adhesive segment as well is that recap opportunity not just in the U.S. but globally.
Matthew Trusz: Great. Thank you. And then second from me, at a high level how do you think about the political dynamics that you might faced next year on this customer confidence changed at all over the last couple of months? And how youre thinking about the early possibility of repatriating some foreign cash or any changes to tax policy?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So I would say, let me try and address a couple of those , from a for us from a repatriation of cash its not a big issue either way, because we have very small cash balance and we dont really have anything of substance trapped outside the U.S. So for us thats not necessarily an issue. What I would say though is a couple of things that are being talked about would be helpful for our customers but from an investment standpoint, so certainly overall our corporate tax rate would help some of our customers in the U.S. and we have 70% of our business outside the U.S. so we are taking advantage of growth in all of those areas, but it would certainly help some of the U.S. customers. And Id say some of the areas around de-regulation would be helpful as well to customers in the U.S. and potentially increase their thoughts around investment. I do think there were some areas like our powder business this year where we saw customers kind of delaying. They tend to be bigger system orders delaying investment to see how the election play is played out and weve seen a near term uptick in that business, but Id say too early to tell, certainly anything that drives growth more is going to lead to more investment which is going to be a good thing for us. So if it increases our customers confidence and leads the investment that will be a plus and we are really everywhere with all the critical customers to take advantage of that. But its pretty early out in the process.
Matthew Trusz: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Jaye for closing remarks.
Jim Jaye: Thank you Kelly and thanks everybody for joining us on the call today. I am available remainder of the week if you have any follow up questions and thank you again. Appreciate your interest. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-08-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for the third quarter fiscal year 2016. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. If you require operator assistance during the program, please press star then zero on your touchtone telephone. As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for this conference call, Mr. Jim Jaye. You may begin, sir.
Jim Jaye: Good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO, and Greg Thaxton, Senior Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 23, 2016 to report on Nordsons FY16 third quarter results and our fourth quarter outlook. The conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until August 30, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 58265387. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, well have a question and answer session, but now Ill turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our FY16 third quarter results and a bit about our fourth quarter outlook.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. Were very pleased with our performance in the third quarter. We delivered record performance for any quarter in our history in terms of revenue, operating profit, net income, and diluted earnings per share. My thanks go out to our global team for their continued hard work and customer focus. Greg will provide a bit more of the financial details shortly, but first Id like to mention just a few of the highlights for the quarter. On the top line, we grew the business by 6% in the quarter compared to the prior year, slightly above the high end of our guidance and inclusive of 4% organic growth. This is very solid performance in a challenging macroeconomic environment. The diversity of our end markets continues to be a strength and our team is capturing growth opportunities in a variety of niches where customers are responding to our value proposition and our new product offerings. Growth was especially strong this quarter in electronics, medical, and consumer non-durable end markets. We also generated growth across most of our geographies. We leveraged the revenue growth and our continuous improvement efforts to increase total company operating profit by 20% and operating margin by 3 percentage points, both as compared to prior years third quarter. Incremental operating margin was 77% in the quarter and diluted earnings per share grew by 28% compared to the same period last year. As we look to our fourth quarter, we are forecasting mid-to-high single digit organic growth compared to a year ago. Our backlog and order rates are very solid, and customer project activity in all three segments is steady. We expect volume leverage in our ongoing operational initiatives to drive operating margin improvements as compared to last years fourth quarter. At the low end of our fourth quarter guidance, were on track for a record full-year performance. Ill speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments, but first let me turn the call over to Greg for a more detailed commentary on the current results and our fourth quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you and good morning to everyone. As Mike noted, we increased sales by 6% in the quarter over the prior years third quarter, with sales of $490 million. This change in sales included a 4% increase in organic volume, a 2% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions, and a less than 1% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year third quarter. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, organic sales volume in adhesive dispensing increased 4% compared to the prior year with additional volume growth of 1% related to the first year effect of the WAFO acquisition. Strength in consumer non-durable and general product assembly markets in the current quarter helped drive solid organic growth in this segment. Geographically, Europe and the U.S. led the growth. Organic sales volume in the advanced technology segment increased 6% compared to the prior year third quarter, with additional volume growth of 5% related to the first year effect of the Liquidyn and MatriX acquisitions. The organic growth was driven by strong demand for automated and semi-automated dispense equipment in electronic end markets and fluid management components for medical end markets. Geographically, Japan, Asia Pacific, and the United States led the growth. Sales volume in the industrial coatings segment decreased 3% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Sales were impacted by very challenging comparisons to the prior year where volume growth was 23% at this time last year. Strength in powder and liquid coating product lines was offset by softness in other product lines. Growth in Europe and the United States was offset by other geographies. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company in the third quarter was 56%, a 2 percentage point improvement from last years third quarter driven largely by volume leverage and product mix. Operating profit was $124 million and operating margin was 25%, an improvement of 3 percentage points from the third quarter a year ago. This improvement was driven by both volume leverage and a range of continuous improvement initiatives. Excluding one-time charges of approximately $1.7 million for restructuring initiatives, total company operating margin was 26% in the quarter. On a segment basis, reported operating margin in the adhesive dispensing segment improved 1 percentage point from the prior year to 27% in the quarter or 28% on a normalized basis to exclude approximately $800,000 in charges related to restructuring initiatives. Within the advanced technology segment, reported operating margin was 31% in the quarter, an improvement of 7 percentage points from the third quarter a year ago. This is very strong performance where volume leverage, sales mix, and continuous improvement initiatives combined to drive the improvement. In the industrial coating segment, third quarter operating margin was 17% or 18% on a normalized basis to exclude approximately $900,000 in charges related to restructuring initiatives. This is continued strong performance for this segment, especially given the lower level of volume in the current quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago. For the total company, net income for the quarter was $84 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.46 or 28% higher than last years third quarter. Excluding one-time items, normalized diluted earnings per share were $1.47. We have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share. The third quarters EBITDA was $139 million and cash flow from operations was $68 million. Free cash flow before dividends was $48 million. Free cash flow in the quarter was impacted by an increase in working capital mostly related to the timing of receivable collections. We expect free cash flow in the fourth quarter to trend back to our more typical cash conversion levels. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends, and during the quarter we distributed approximately $14 million in dividends. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain liquid with net debt to EBITDA at 2.3 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the third quarter. Ill now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the fourth quarter. We have provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis, with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending August 14, 2016, order rates are up 16% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the adhesive dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 2% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Comparisons are challenging here, where this segments orders rates were up 12% at this time a year ago. Order rates in the current period were driven by strong demand in our general product assembly and rigid packaging product lines. Geographically, orders were strongest in Asia Pacific. In the advanced technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are up 29% as compared to the prior year. Mobile and related electronics end markets drove the orders with strong demand for our automated and semi-automated dispense systems, test and inspection equipment, and surface treatment systems. Demand was also strong in most of our medical fluid management product lines. Geographically, order rates were driven by Japan and Asia Pacific. Within the industrial coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 36% as compared to the prior year. Orders increased by double digits in all product lines, driven by demand in automotive and consumer durable end markets. Geographically, orders were up by double digits in all regions except Europe. Backlog at July 31, 2016 was approximately $333 million, an increase of 22% compared to the prior year and inclusive of 20% organic growth and 2% growth due to acquisitions. Backlog amounts are calculated at July 31, 2016 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. We are forecasting sales to increase in the range of 6% to 10% as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume up 5% to 9%, and 1% growth from the first year effective acquisitions. The effective currency translation based on current exchange rates is expected to be minimal as compared to the prior year. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect fourth quarter gross margin to be approximately 54%. Excluding any non-recurring charges, which we expect will be less than what we incurred in the prior years fourth quarter, we are forecasting operating margin to be approximately 22% at the midpoint of our sales forecast, and diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.15 to $1.27. The midpoint of this guidance would generate normalized earnings per share growth of 27% over the prior year fourth quarter. For modeling purposes, were estimating fourth quarter interest expense of about $5 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%. With that, Ill turn the call back to you, Mike.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, Id like to provide a few summary comments. Clearly Nordson is outperforming the current macroeconomic environment. We are benefiting from the diversity of our end markets and capturing growth with innovative products, tiering new applications, emerging market penetration, and recapitalization of our installed base. Were leveraging that growth to widen margins and increase profitability. Independent of volume, were also continuing to use tools in the Nordson business system to drive improvement across the enterprise. Were on track to deliver full-year records for revenue, operating profit, and diluted earnings per share. At the midpoint of our guidance, full-year organic sales growth would be approximately 5% compared to the prior year. We expect full-year operating margin to improve compared to the prior year, given volume leverage on this growth and the benefits of this years margin enhancement initiatives. At this point, wed be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys, good morning.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Could you give us maybe a little bit more color on the performance of advanced technology this quarter in terms of--you know, I know you mentioned medical as well as the technology, but was it weighted one over the other this quarter more so, or were they fairly balanced?
Michael Hilton: Well, Id say this quarter both elements of the business were strong. Obviously in the segment, the non-medical piece is probably three-quarters of the segment, so thats had a significant effect. What weve seen is a couple of things: a continuation of what we saw last quarter in terms of new products creating new opportunities for us, but also it took up on the mobile side of the business across both the semi-automated and the automated dispense and then the ensuing inspection-related activities. So Id say certainly a lot of weight in this quarter coming from the mobile side of things and the broadening of our applications base and opportunities related to new products, while medical continued to be strong.
Allison Poliniak: Thats great. Then just looking at the core sales growth range for Q4, its pretty wide. Is it relative to maybe some projects that might, just given timing, get pushed into the following quarter? Can you just help clarify that a little bit, the wide range there?
Michael Hilton: Yes, we take a look at the mix of projects that we have in, and for some of our businesses there are deliveries that stretch a little bit longer based on when they come into orders. So youre exactly right thinking that some of those could end up being in the fourth quarter--or I mean, the first quarter.
Allison Poliniak: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets.
Matt McConnell: Thank you, good morning.
Michael Hilton: Good morning.
Matt McConnell: Just wanted to touch on the guidance for the margin next quarter. Youve pretty handily beaten your expectations a couple quarters in a row, and the 22% youre guiding to would be a pretty big sequential step-down and probably bigger than you would typically see from 3Q to 4Q. So is there something in the mix or is that just conservatism? Again, I know youve been exceeding your expectations. Really just hoping to understand that step down.
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say part of it is just looking at overall volume expectations, but in actuality also the mix. So if you look at it as an example, this is a strong quarter with order entry on the coatings business, which has been a little softer against tough comps for most of the year, and so the mix of that business will have an effect coming into the fourth quarter for example. So really when we look at it, its really more a function of volume mix than anything else, and thats our best estimate at this point in time.
Gregory Thaxton: This is Greg. Id just add to Mikes comments where we may see some segment mix, we may see some product line mix within the segments as well, that although still good margin would be dilutive to what we delivered in the third quarter. So its primarily mix.
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. Thanks. Then maybe switching gears, product assembly has been quite strong for a number of quarters now. Can you just give us a sense of the markets that are driving that? I know thats an area within adhesive dispensing where its a bit more wide open with respect to your growth opportunities, so how do you prioritize those growth opportunities going forward, and maybe whats been the recent driver of that product assembly growth?
Michael Hilton: Yes, there are a number of different applications that fall into that. Certainly some of them fall into the category driven by housing and construction, some of them relate to industrial machinery that are related to really consumer non-durable demand and the step-up in consumer non-durable demand. I think some of it also is a function of a nice set of tiered offerings that weve put in place to take advantage of some new opportunities, particularly in emerging markets. Id say we have a variety of things there that are picking up. Our focus is really around particular opportunities where we can create value and ultimately obviously get paid for the value we create.
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with Alembic Global.
Matt Summerville: Good morning, a couple questions. If you could just talk about or maybe calibrate, dial in if you will, the three segments around that 5% to 9% organic growth expectation you have in Q4, maybe which you expect to be within that bandwidth, above or below that, and just kind of--I guess Im trying to tie that back into some of the big order numbers youve put up in two of the three businesses, please.
Michael Hilton: Yes, if you look at it and just look at the order entries across the business, Greg talked about the two in particular that have stepped up significantly in this quarter - the advanced tech piece and the coatings piece, where the adhesive piece has been more steady. So I would say when you look at the quarter going out, youre going to see more of the contributions coming from advanced tech and the coatings, and I guess on an order entry basis, Id make a couple of comments. Particularly in the coatings business, I think a lot of those are going to consumer durable type applications. Some customers, given the macro scenario, were hesitant early in the year, and theyve released some funds now, so were seeing a relatively strong push towards year-end. Id say on the advanced tech side, our peak can shift from third quarter to fourth quarter from year to year, and its a little bit later this year as well, so thats contributing to the order step-up. In both of those cases, some of those orders could conceivably get pushed into the first quarter, so thats kind of a reflection. The adhesives business is more steady, and as Greg mentioned, in the fourth quarter were up against tougher comps from a year ago - still ahead of those, but up against tougher comps.
Matt Summerville: If you look at the average duration of how long an order is staying in backlog, is that number materially different now than it has been in prior years? And I guess as your visibility--when you look at that backlog number, up 20% organically, thats a pretty big number. Do you feel like your visibility today is better than it has been in the past, just given the general shorter cycle nature of your business?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say the average duration hasnt changed significantly. I mean, we have projects in the coatings business that are significant that could stretch out a little bit. We could have projects in the product assembly area that we just talked about that could stretch out a little bit, and in our plastics business we could have some projects that are a little bit longer, but I would say not dramatically different. I would say what we have seen more recently is some bigger orders coming in and sort of packages with staged deliveries, and some of those things can play out over time, so thats part of what were seeing as well.
Matt Summerville: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady with SunTrust.
Charlie Brady: Good morning, guys.
Michael Hilton: Morning, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Ill ask my standard question on mix of parts and aftermarket consumables in the quarter. Any skewing one way or the other? I mean, the margins were pretty good. Im wondering if that was helped at all by the mix of that aftermarket component.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes Charlie, this is Greg. Not materially different, but I will say as compared to the prior year third quarter, that mix actually hurt us a little bit, where parts revenue was down from where it was 41% of the mix last year, it was 39% in the current quarter. So not materially different, but would be a slight drag on gross margins.
Charlie Brady: Okay, thats helpful, thanks. In the release, you talked about Europe was actually up in industrial and in adhesive dispensing. Can you just talk about--you know, obviously with all the Brexit discussion going on out there and some of the growth expectations, youre still seeing growth in Europe. Can you talk about how you saw that through the quarter, and really more importantly, exiting the quarter and kind of given the timing of when your fiscal year ends, what youre seeing out of Europe, any material change or hesitancy on customer order patterns.
Michael Hilton: Yes, Id say if you look at across most of the businesses, Id say we saw Europe as modestly up, probably most solid in our traditional kind of adhesives business. Now remember, also in Europe weve got large OEMs that export elsewhere, so thats one of the positive things that is affecting our business and might be a little different than what you might see in some other businesses. But Id say generally speaking, pretty solid, modestly above year-on-year, and when you look at our coatings business in particular, weve had solid powder opportunities in Europe and were starting to see that pick up more globally for the coatings business. So I would say the combination of the OEMs and key adhesive applications and some pick-up in the coatings business is whats really been driving the revenue. Now when you look at the orders going forward, Europe looks a little bit weaker and maybe more in line with what youve seen with some other companies there. Id say for us, its really more of a function of timing of some large projects year-over-year and not so much an underlying trend. So we havent seen a Brexit effect at this point in time. It doesnt mean something couldnt come down the road, but we havent seen that at this point.
Charlie Brady: Thanks Mike, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Walt.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to just drill into the advanced tech a little bit. You called out mobile electronics, and it sounds like mostly in Japan and Asia. What kind of applications, are these for new products, new mobile devices that will be coming out later this year?
Michael Hilton: Yes, so a couple of things. We--from an application standpoint, Id say theres sort of two things that are driving, and maybe three. So we came out with some new technology on the dispense side that will allow us to put more dot smaller size, which widens the application approach to get to the wafer side of things. We talked a little bit about that last quarter, and thats continued. Were seeing those new products get traction. Were also seeing some new applications in the mobile side which one example is more waterproofing or water resistant type of applications that are driving some opportunities. On our inspection side, the three dimensional chips and three dimensional wafers are driving X-ray inspection, and then weve done a nice job with tiering. You know, we talked about an acquisition we made about a year and a half ago in Europe that would allow us to get a tiered product that we then incorporated our technology on, and were getting nice traction in that tiered product offering on the dispense side. Then we also had an acquisition where were getting really good traction in Asia by incorporating our X-ray technology onto an automation platform. So those are some examples of the kinds of things that were seeing that are helping diversify the base of applications and customers.
Walter Liptak: Yes, the diversification sounds great. Is this--you know, your advanced tech orders, because of that mobile part, have been lumpy from time to time because of some of the early stages of the some of the new applications. Do you think therell be maybe more consistency as you go? Is there any more visibility going out for your six months on projects?
Michael Hilton: I would say that unfortunately no, theres not more visibility going out, and this business will continue to be lumpy. Certainly I think the tiered offering, getting to a different group of customers like, for example, the Chinese mobile players will be helpful because theyre earlier on in the automation curve. But well still see product cycles, and as we look out on the mobile front, we typically see the design cycles from fall through early winter and then orders come through, and based on the degree of change, well see more come through. Id say what were doing to diversify some of these other applications that should be more steady because they apply to a broader set of opportunities, and the tiering should help because its earlier on in the penetration curve for some of the folks that are just automating, but there will still be lumpiness with this business.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right, understood. It sounds great. On the margins that expanded in advanced tech, you called out mix, volume, and continuous improvement. I was wondering about the medical margins. Are medical there? Youve gone through some restructuring and I think improvement with those businesses. Are those sustainable margins now on the medical side?
Michael Hilton: Yes, on the medical side, weve grown. First of all, weve grown the business nicely across all the three major product lines that we have there, and we have put the new automated facility out in Colorado and thats ramping up, and we also expanded our facility in Mexico for the cannula catheter business and some other things that were doing there, so those are all nice structural improvements that are helping, so the margins are improving in that area as well.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. The last thing, you havent mentioned the polymers business. The kind of general industrial trends have been bumpy, or maybe improving a little bit. Are you seeing any improvement in polymers?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say its been kind of a mixed bag. Weve seen some improvements, for example in our dies business, which are related more the film, which has been the laggard for the last couple of years. Weve seen some good performance in our melt delivery, which is the German business. Id say our core components, which are the screws and barrels, have been a little soft as some of the injection molding applications have slowed a little bit, and the palletizing has been generally solid but its bigger project-related, so it can bounce around quarter to quarter. But were seeing a pick-up, Id say in the orders entry in general in the business. Id say the one softness were seeing is around some slowing in the injection molding side with some improvement on the film side, so a mixed bag still.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. All right, thank you.
Operator: Again ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question or a comment at this time, please press star then the one key on your touchtone telephone. Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Good morning. Just building on Walts questions, wondering how some of the emergent mix penetration stories are scaling up in terms of maybe quantifying the incremental revenue opportunity? Theres the test and inspection applications, tier 2 mobile, and even Freedom is still a penetration story. I think those are the chunkier ones. If you could kind of quantify how youre seeing the multi-year market sizes there.
Michael Hilton: Yes, Id say at this point in time, if you look at sort of the range of mobile-related activities, both on the dispense and the inspection side, were seeing revenues that fall in the tens of millions of dollars, maybe 10, 20, $30 million range, not hundreds of millions. So Id say on the newer technology, were still early on in the penetration curve, but as weve talked about in the past, we see these things are kind of singles and doubles and not home runs. On the adhesives side, I would say a similar kind of thing in that weve seen good sales on the Freedom side. Weve seen much better sales on the Liberty side, which is more of a drop-in replacement with the same sort of melt-on-demand characteristics and automated feed systems, and thats been strong for us. A significant portion of those--combinations of those two have been a significant portion of our new orders, probably approaching 50% of our new orders for those type of technologies.
Gregory Thaxton: Just to comment there, Chris, a way to think about that particularly with adhesives, is often thats a reason for a customer to upgrade existing lines.
Christopher Glynn: Right, okay. Then overall, your trends have been so broad-based here, I think with Nordson theres always some competing concepts of your broad portfolio execution and then some of the streakiness that characterizes some of your businesses. So as we think about the broadening impact, how would you take the recent success in understanding the flow-through into your base run rates to ponder fiscal 17 and 18 in an absolute sense, relative to what youre seeing now?
Michael Hilton: Okay, let me take a stab at that. I mean, if you go back to the macro here for a second, we still look at the underlying macro for this year of global GDP growth to be in the low 2%, so were clearly outperforming the global GDP and thats really a function of our overall business model and the importance of technology and support and service to that. So if we come in at our expectation for the fourth quarter, well be about 5% organic growth through the year, which is pretty stellar relative to, I think, most other people and above that sort of 2% GDP growth. Youre right that we do have lumpiness in some cycles in some of the business. I think the benefit of our portfolio is when one is a little softer, like the coatings business has been this year, albeit against some tough comps, the other parts of the business have been able to pick that up so net-net were ahead. Its not obvious to us at this point, and its early to proscribe, that the global economy is going to look at lot different next year. I dont know beyond next year, so were planning for low growth and were going to continue to drive our initiatives that try and go beyond whatever the market is going to give us. So thats more new products, its driving the tiering opportunities across a lot of our businesses, its new applications that were working on in effect to create our own demand. So thats the focus of our business, is to outperform the global economy largely through our own initiatives that create demand, and thats sort of been our success to date and thats what were looking for going forward.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks. Last one here, in your comments, you talked about growth reflecting leveraging your technology, service, and global footprint. Im interested in the service component of that comment. Are you seeing opportunities for new strategies and opportunities on the service side broadly in your bigger picture business model?
Michael Hilton: I would say were not seeing as much change in the service side, other than to say thats a critical element of our business. When you look at our customers, the most important thing for most all of our customers is to continue to be up and running. We certainly have the most robust products out there, which helps, but they do go down from time to time and then its important to have the robust supply chain to provide the parts, but also the engineers and technicians that can go onsite and help them get up and running as quickly as possible. We do offer various forms of preventative maintenance and other types of programs, but at the end of the day, its really about helping our customers maximize their uptime and optimize their performance.
Christopher Glynn: Sounds good, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Trusz with Gabelli.
Matthew Trusz: Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my question. I guess first, given how strong you guys have been doing on the profitability front throughout 2016, it looks like at your current fourth quarter guidance, youll be achieving your 200 basis point margin expansion about a year early. So as we look longer term over the next three or five years, how much more opportunity do you think you have to drive profitability higher, and what do you think the primary sources will be?
Michael Hilton: Yes, so maybe just a couple of comments. Obviously we do have strong incremental margins, so with volume growth that were seeing this year and some mix improvement, particularly Id say in the advanced tech area or dispense, relative to some of the other applications, were getting the benefit thats influencing that overall, what youve calculated, 200 basis points improvement. Our view is based on our sort of constant volume goal to be at 200 basis points by the end of 17. Were probably about two-thirds of the way there, assuming we come in in the fourth quarter at expectations. So were not 100% of the way there. Theres certainly some more opportunity we need to deliver next year, and we have actions and plans in place to do that, but were also getting the benefit of volume leverage. So our commitment was to get to that 200 basis points without the benefit of volume. What were seeing this year obviously is improvement on that path but also the benefit of volume and some mix as well. Longer term, we will continue to identify opportunities to improve and weve got strong continuous improvement activity, but we havent put any other sort of goals out there beyond 17 from a non-volume related margin standpoint at this point.
Matthew Trusz: All right, great. Thanks for the color. Then I guess if we just sort of shift towards M&A, its been a while since your last deal. Net leverage continues to come down. How active is your pipeline? Are there any particular areas of opportunity youre seeing, and how good are you feeling over the next couple quarters?
Michael Hilton: Yes, so youre correct - we have consciously worked this year to reduce our leverage to create some opportunity or capability to do some additional acquisitions. I think as weve talked in the past, the most fertile areas are in the medical device space, and weve got a pretty solid pipeline there. Id say in the cold material area, there are a number of interesting opportunities, timing is not clear. On the plastic side, we pretty much have what we need for the moment, and we continue to look for opportunities on the test and inspection side in the advanced technology area, but weve added some nice complements over the next year through acquisition and through marketing arrangements, so we feel pretty good. I would say there are a number of things that we looked at this year that we were actively pursuing, but weve walked away when pricing got to a point that it didnt make sense for us.
Matthew Trusz: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Rodgers with Great Lakes Review.
Jason Rodgers: Good morning. Wondered if there was any benefit from lower raw material costs in the quarter, and if youre seeing any material change in cost so far in the fourth quarter.
Michael Hilton: No, nothing that would be material in the grand scheme of things, either in the quarter or looking forward.
Jason Rodgers: Whats the expectation for the tax rate for the fourth quarter, and any kind of early indications for next fiscal year? Thank you.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, weve suggested a 30% rate for the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Summerville with Alembic Global.
Matt Summerville: Thanks. Just a quick kind of follow-up on the M&A side of things. You mentioned some multiples sort of getting out of control. Can you quantify that? I mean, are you talking about high single to low double digit multiples that have now moved into the low to mid-teens kind of range? And then I guess you were active, I believe, in fiscal Q1 buying back stock. I dont believe you did any in fiscal Q2, and I dont recall you mentioning anything in the prepared remarks for fiscal Q3, so whats sort of the outlook there given your stocks been up very nicely this year? Whats the outlook there and the prioritization as youre looking at things? I guess at the end of the day, are you saving up for a bigger deal at this point?
Michael Hilton: So Matt, just a couple of comments. If you go back probably a couple years and compare kind of where we are today from an M&A standpoint versus a couple years, Id say in general properties are a turn higher maybe in multiples, maybe a turn and a half, and its really a function of very low interest rates and, quite frankly, strategics with a lot of cash on the sideline, so number one. Number two in terms of our overall priorities from a capital deployment, they still remain the same, which is number one, support organic growth; number two, continue our dividend increase approach, which we just recently announced and were on a good payout range there; number three, offset dilution from our comp programs, which is pretty modest; number four, look for the appropriate M&A vehicles; and then five would be opportunistically look at additional share repurchase. So in terms of the M&A activity, we do have an active pipeline. Its probably most active in the medical space, as I mentioned, and were looking for opportunities there but weve said consciously this year, given the acquisitions we made and the aggressive nature of our share buyback opportunistically last year, that we wanted to work down our balance sheet, so we did modest share repurchase in the first fiscal quarter, we didnt do any in Q2, we didnt do any in Q3. The first quarter offsets the dilution piece and some for our comp programs, so the priority is still to work down the balance sheet to give us capacity to make some additional acquisitions.
Matt Summerville: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global.
Walter Liptak: Hi guys. Just wanted to follow up on the fourth quarter bonus comp. Considering the strong third quarter and then what looks to be a good fourth quarter, have you been accruing at the same level throughout the year, or is there going to be a step-up in the fourth?
Gregory Thaxton: Walt, this is Greg. Weve been accruing throughout the year based upon our performance.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jim Jaye: Kevin, this is Jim. Maybe we have time for one more question or so, if anybody else is on the line.
Operator: Sir, that was the last question in the queue.
Michael Hilton: Okay, well thank you all for dialing into our call, and Im available for follow-ups throughout today and the rest of the week. Again, thanks for your interest in Nordson.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-05-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Nicole and good morning. I am here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 24, 2016 to report on Nordsons FY 16 second quarter results and our third quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until June 7, 2016 which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 5351714. During this conference call, forward-looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our FY 16 second quarter results and a bit about our third quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining Nordsons second quarter conference call. I am very pleased to report that the global Nordson team delivered record second quarter performance, with revenue, operating profit and diluted earnings per share significantly higher than the levels we generated a year ago. This performance came against continued backdrop of modest microeconomic growth. Total company organic sales growth in the quarter was more than 8% compared to the prior year and follows the momentum in order rates and project activity we reported last quarter. This performance exceeded the top end of our guidance by 300 basis points. To be clear, we did have some order activity pull into the second quarter from the third quarter. Growth was especially robust in the Advanced Technology segment as demand in electronics end markets combined with continued strong growth in medical and industrial end markets grow strong double-digit improvement from the prior year. The Adhesive Dispensing segment delivered excellent performance as well with broad-based growth across the portfolio driven largely by consumer nondurable end markets. We did see some softness in the Industrial Coating segment during the quarter against a very challenging prior year comparison, where sales volume was up 23% at this time a year ago. Revenue did increase sequentially from the first quarter of this year at a more typical pace compared to the accelerated rate of a year ago. We leveraged the strong top line growth and our continuous improvement efforts to drive significant improvement in total company operating profit and operating margin compared to prior year second quarter. And this performance generated earnings per share growth of 54% compared to the prior year second quarter with incremental margin of 69% in the quarter. Looking ahead to our third quarter, we are forecasting modest organic growth at the midpoint of our guidance. This guidance is in comparison to a robust period of growth a year ago and in a macroeconomic environment that remains fairly weak. This guidance also reflects timing, where as I noted previously, some orders were pulled into second quarter. Overall, recent customer project activity has remained steady. As the rest of the year plays out, we also stay focused on our initiatives we have previously discussed that will improve normalized operating margin over the prior year. I will speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments, but first, I will turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer to provide more detailed commentary on the current results and our third quarter guidance. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Second quarter sales of $438 million is an increase of more than 9% from the prior years second quarter. This change in sales included an 8% increase in organic volume, a 2% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions and a 1% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year second quarter. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, nearly all of the Adhesive Dispensing segments 9% sales volume growth was organic with the first year effect of the WAFO acquisition accounting for less than 1% of the increase. Unfavorable currency translation as compared to the prior year reduced this segments sales by less than 1%. This segments 9% organic growth is an outstanding level and was driven by strong systems demand and the underlying strength in consumer nondurable end markets. In terms of end markets, organic growth was strong in non-wovens, rigid packaging, general product assembly, injection molding and palletizing. On a geographic basis, the volume growth was led by Europe, U.S. and Japan. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 23% over the prior years second quarter, inclusive of a 20% increase in organic volume and a 3% increase related to the first year effect of the Liquidyn and MatriX acquisitions. The 20% increase in organic volume follows the momentum in order rates and strong project activity we talked about during last quarters conference call. The increase was driven by significant growth in automated dispensing and test and inspection solutions in electronic end markets and by continued strength in fluid management components for medical and industrial end markets. Customers in Asia-Pacific, Europe and the Americas drove the growth. Sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment decreased 13% compared to the second quarter a year ago and currency reduced sales by about 1% as compared to the prior year. As Mike noted, sales in most product lines were impacted by very challenging comparisons to the prior year. Softness in the U.S. and Japan offset growth in other regions. Moving down the income statement, gross margin for the total company in the second quarter was about 57%. Operating profit in the second quarter was $102 million and operating margin was 23%, an improvement of 4 percentage points from the second quarter a year ago. This performance includes one-time charges of approximately $1.6 million for restructuring initiatives and approximately $400,000 for short-term purchase accounting charges related to the step-up in value of acquired inventory. Excluding these one-time charges, normalized operating margin for the quarter was 24% with very strong incremental margin year-over-year. Though volume leverage is helping, this margin improvement is also the result of our performance enhancement initiatives, where for example, year-over-year spending in the quarter, excluding acquisitions and one-time charges, is down 3% from the prior year. And our segmentation and sourcing efforts are benefiting gross margin. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, reported operating margin in Adhesive Dispensing improved 3 percentage points from the prior year to 28% in the quarter or 29%, excluding approximately $1 million in charges related to continuous improvement restructuring initiatives. Within the Advanced Technology segment, reported operating margin was 24% in the second quarter, an improvement of 5 percentage points from the second quarter a year ago. Normalized operating margin in the current quarter was 25%, excluding approximately $500,000 in charges related to restructuring and short-term purchase accounting charges for acquired inventory. In the Industrial Coating segment, second quarter operating margin was 18% or 19% on a normalized basis to exclude approximately $500,000 in non-recurring charges related to restructuring activities. This is outstanding performance for this segment, especially given the lower level of volume in the current quarter as compared to the same quarter a year ago, where sales mix is benefiting gross margin in the quarter as compared to the prior year. For the total company, net income for the quarter was $71 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.23 or 54% higher than last years second quarter. Excluding one-time items, normalized diluted earnings per share were $1.19. We have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share. Second quarters EBITDA was $122 million and cash flow from operations was $78 million. Free cash flow before dividends was $65 million, reflecting cash conversion of 92% of net income. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. During the quarter, we distributed approximately $14 million in dividends. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain liquid with net debt to EBITDA at 2.5x trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the second quarter. I will now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the third quarter of FY 16. We have provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending May 15, 2016, order rates were up 4%. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 7%. Order rates were strong in most product lines, driven by the strength in consumer non-durable end markets. Geographically, orders were strong in Asia Pacific, Europe and the U.S., flat in Japan and softer in the Americas. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are up 4%. These order rates reflect strong demand for automated dispensing and test and inspection solutions for electronics end markets, partially offset by slower demand for surface treatment systems, where comparisons for this product line are very challenging. Demand for fluid management components for medical and industrial end markets was robust. Order rates are up in all regions except Japan. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are down 3%, again impacted by tough comps where order rates at this time last year were up 21% and prior years segment sales volume for the third quarter increased 23%. Growth in cold material dispensing systems, powder and liquid coating systems was offset by softness in other product lines. Order rates were positive in Japan, Europe and the U.S. Current customer project activity is steady though its difficult to forecast the rate at which these projects become orders. Total company backlog at April 30, 2016, was approximately $302 million, an increase of 5% compared to the prior year and inclusive of 3% organic growth and 2% growth due to acquisitions. Backlog amounts are calculated at April 30, 2016 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the third quarter of FY 16. We are forecasting sales to increase in the range of 1% to 5% as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume down 1% to up 3% and 3% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions. The effect of currency translation based on current exchange rates is expected to reduce sales by 1% as compared to the prior year. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect third quarter gross margin to be approximately 56% and operating margin to be approximately 24%. This outlook excludes any one-time non-recurring charges associated with our margin enhancement initiatives. As we indicated last quarter, the size and timing of these non-recurring charges for the remainder of the year is difficult to estimate precisely, though we expect these charges to be well below the amount incurred in FY 15. We are estimating third quarter interest expense of about $6 million and effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in third quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.25 to $1.37. The midpoint of this guidance will generate EPS growth of 15% over the prior year third quarter. In addition to the third quarter outlook, the following updates on FY 16 full year may be helpful for modeling purposes. For effective tax rate, we are forecasting the full year rate to be about 30% based on current tax law and excluding discrete items. For capital spending in 2016, we are still forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be approximately $50 million. With that, I will turn the call back to you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First and as always, a big thanks to our global team. They continued to perform at a high level and delivered record second quarter performance. The 8% organic growth on the top line was outstanding, which we leverage to drive significant improvement in operating margin and earnings per share compared to the same quarter a year ago. As we look at current backlog, recent order rates and timing of shipments, we are forecasting modest organic growth at the midpoint of our third quarter guidance. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are comparing to a previous [ph] strong organic growth in the third quarter last year and certainly, the current macroeconomic environment remains relatively weak. We are not prepared to offer a forecast beyond the third quarter. Current project activity remains solid in all three segments, which could provide benefit in the latter part of the year. Beyond this near-term view, we continue to execute on activities we expect will drive value for shareholders over the long-term. Specifically, we continue to focus on innovative products, tiering, new applications and emerging market penetration to drive growth. I am also pleased to report that we are making solid progress on our margin enhancement initiative using tools within the Nordson businesses system. During the quarter, we continue to execute on integration and footprint optimization activities within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, including next steps in streamlining operations of the U.S. and Europe. We also took selected actions within the Advanced Technology and Industrial Coating segments to drive greater efficiencies. In summary, we look to deliver a solid third quarter given the current global economic environment. Overall, we remain well positioned to capture growth opportunities when and where they occur and we remain focused on continuous improvement throughout the organization. We also continue to generate strong levels of cash, which provide us with the ability to fund multiple priorities. At this point, we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Jeff Hammond: So the incremental margins, pretty impressive in both Adhesives and Advanced and that seems to be turning over in your guidance, is that just  is there mix in there or is that just a function of the combination of volume and some of the internal initiatives?
Mike Hilton: Well I would say there are three factors. Certainly, the volume helped and so we get significant incremental contributions from that. There are some mix benefits in parts of the segment particularly in say the Advanced Technology area, where we have a strong quarter from a dispense side in that business and medical was very solid as well. But I do see us making progress against our overall goal of improving normalized margins 200 basis points by the end of next year and we have seen significant improvement in the quarter coming from that.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then I think you talked about 300 basis points ahead of the top end of your guidance. So can you maybe try to quantify the pull  what you saw was pull forward in that upside surprise and where else either product line or geography was surprising you versus your internal forecast?
Mike Hilton: Yes. There is probably 200 basis points that were orders we expected to come in, in the second quarter, but to be completed and go out in the third quarter. So 200 basis points of that 300 basis points that we exceeded the top end. And I would say certainly, we saw some of that come through in the advanced technology area as well as a little bit on the Adhesives side. So those are probably two areas where we saw some specific projects that we expected to get in, but we expect that the order time will be such that will be sales in the third quarter.
Jeff Hammond: And then the other product lines where you were surprised to the upside?
Mike Hilton: Well, I think those are the two main segment areas and in some cases its specific project related. So, we did anticipate these orders, just we felt that they would come in perhaps later in the quarter and then therefore ship out in the third quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Franzreb of Sidoti. Your line is now open.
John Franzreb: Good morning, guys. Could you talk a little bit about the order trends? Are we seeing a change maybe in seasonality in demand specifically in Advanced Technology that we are seeing some pull forward in some of those orders?
Mike Hilton: I would say what we are seeing in Advanced Technology particularly for the electronics segment is a concentration within the year on orders. Our customers have helped us to reduce our lead times. And so the concentration order tends to be in the second and third quarter. I am not sure there is a typical pattern, because it really depends on what they are doing from new sort of launch perspective. I would say though that we have made some progress on new applications related to new technology we have introduced. So, as an example, we came out with new dispensing technology from our ASYMTEK business that its allowed us to do on way for dispensing. And so we have made some progress on the semiconductor side that we havent historically done. So, as customers have gone to stacking chips, there is now potentially an opportunity to do that on the wafer. So thats been good progress. And then with that, we have also seen an uptick on the x-ray side. So, I would say the general sort of mobile-related cycle is getting more concentrated. Part of our effort is to diversify applications and we are getting some traction there in terms of different types of applications.
John Franzreb: Okay. So, how do I reconcile maybe a more concentrated order front in AT with also record backlog? Is there also component to that thats elongated? Can you talk about that record backlog companywide?
Mike Hilton: Well, thats not just an AT activity, thats across the mix of businesses. But I would say the typical, if you look at our business, the order patterns typically decelerate through the fourth quarter and through sort of January and then start to pick up and typically reach a peak at the end of third quarter or early fourth quarter. We are seeing that same type of pattern. It can vary a little bit between where the peak is in the third quarter, it could be early, it could be late. So, thats the challenge based on timing of some of these orders. But we are following a pretty typical pattern I would say this year and we saw a nice progression in order rates throughout the quarter, stepping up the way we expect from a seasonality perspective.
John Franzreb: Okay. And one last question regarding mix, given the improvement, I dont recall hearing you mentioned anything about placement parts had a change in the mix profile. Was that a meaningful number or is it within norms?
Mike Hilton: I would say its generally within norms. I would say the mix is more within segments and across the segments. So, we had very strong performance across our adhesives business, including our sort of core adhesive packaging and non-wovens. We also in our Advanced Tech had the solid performance in our EFD business, strong performance in medical, in our dispense and the ASYMTEK business had a really strong quarter. So, its more of sort of a mix within the product lines and across the segments. Its not really been much of a parts systems kind of issue in this quarter.
John Franzreb: Okay, right. Thank your for taking my question. I will get back into queue.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just to follow-on on the electronics business, we saw orders picking up at the end of, I guess, in February of this year and then it sounds like you are able to turn the business pretty quick when you get a block of orders that come in, in a more concentrated cycle. I wonder what you are thinking about for the back half of this year and into 2017. Is there enough new product development thats going on with some of the mobile manufacturers in China customers to sustain a positive level of orders?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so a couple of comments. So, we did see within the quarter some nice orders from our tiered product structure that same really at the Chinese OEMs. So, we made some good progress with the material orders there. And as I mentioned also, we, in broadening applications like the semiconductor dispense application for the next-gen technology was important. And then on the x-ray side, the acquisition of MatriX has really helped us from an automated x-ray standpoint and we have had real nice penetration in Asia with that automated x-ray platform combining with our leading tube and detector technology. So, we saw nice orders there. And we started to see the typical upturn that we see in components on the mobile side, the general mobile side as well and we would expect to see that continuing through the next quarter.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. And then your guidance you talked about gross margin sequentially down a little bit, I wonder if you could provide some more color on where you see the mix being lighter as the Advanced Tech or just conservatism on the outlook?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Well, this is Greg. That gross margin dilution in the third quarter is pretty typical with the volume growth where we have a heavier mix of systems versus parts. So, it isnt necessarily a big shift in segment per se, but its more a mix of systems versus parts.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great.
Mike Hilton: Yes. We are talking about a fraction of a percent here so.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And I have asked you this in the past through the adhesives business continues to be as the core part of your business growing very nicely at that mid to high single-digit rate. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about just the programs and projects in health of new product development and one of those consumer durable customers?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so maybe just a couple of comments. Obviously, some of the end markets, some on non-durables side like food have been very pretty solid. We have seen a strong quarter in terms of the diaper side of the business. Some of this is the sort of new products our customers are coming out with, but some of this is new technology in our part giving them the opportunity to recapitalize existing infrastructure. So, we are seeing that recapitalization approach based on our new technology taking off while supporting the new sort of clothing like materials there. And then if you look at our sort of product assembly area, we are seeing some traction on the furniture market with some new applications around laminates and things like that. So, there is a couple of new applications there plus the recap that are helping to drive beyond some of the solid market performance and things like typical food and other packaging opportunities.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka of BB&T. Your line is now open.
Kevin Maczka: Thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: Can I just piggyback on the Advanced Tech and the 20% organic growth because that was such a strong number when we look back at the order rates in the past five quarters, which havent been greater than 8% in any quarter, can you just help explain that a little bit more? I understand the pull ahead, but if thats only a couple of 100 basis points, how do we go from this anywhere from negative 16 to positive 8 order rate into a plus 20 organic this quarter when there is only a couple of 100 basis points of pull ahead?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so a couple of things. I mean, just one comment again. Our customers are compressing sort of the lead times as I talked about, so we can give some lumpiness just as a result of when they are placing their orders, because when they place, they place large quantities ahead of time. But that said, I made a couple of comments earlier where we have made progress in a couple of areas. So one, when you look at the new dispensing technology that we launched in the fall that allows us to provide many more dots at a much smaller size, its really enabled us to get into dispensing actually on the wafer as opposed to on the package. So as customers have gone to the three dimensional pack  three dimensional chips, they are now looking, at least the leading edge guys are looking at doing the wafer and we saw significant orders coming based on that new technology on the dispense side. Its very sophisticated technology. With that we have also seen some pull along from an inspection standpoint on to the front end wafer side of things. And then one of the benefits of acquiring MatriX is to get a world class automation platform and what we did is combine that with our latest tube and detector technology. And we have got really good traction particularly in Asia with that combined combination of our technology and what the MatriX team brought to us and then the direct strategy we have in Asia. So I would say there is quite a bit of new product contribution coming into the business within the quarter and its really based on products that we launched sort of light in the fall that are getting real traction now and helping us to diversify. Then on top of that, the medical business continues to grow dramatically and again thats also around a new product story. So those combinations I think it really helped and hit in the quarter and should continue to get traction going forward. We are not going to get out of the lumpiness though because we have to do what our customers need and its linked to their cycles that we have got very good at ramping up, ramping down to support that. So there is still a lumpiness related particularly to the mobile side of the electronics business.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Kevin, this is Greg. Just to add a couple of comments to that. I would say what we also did see in the quarter of above and beyond what we characterized as project activity that we anticipated to come in but shift during the third quarter. So that clearly benefited second quarter. But what we also saw during the quarter and this would affect within the Advanced Tech segment, both the electronic systems as well as fluid management product lines is a good pace of order activity that came in, in the quarter and got out during the quarter. And I think that highlights what we have seen from our customers behavior over the last couple of years is this demand to shorten lead times and we are really good at reacting to those kind of demands. So it was a good pace of order volume that came in during the quarter. So it wasnt in our order rates or backlog leading into the quarter that we are able to turn around and get out during the quarter as well.
Kevin Maczka: Got it, thats all very helpful. And so then Greg, on that point, 4% order growth in Tech in the quarter, do you expect that to still hold positive and maybe there was some pull ahead there as well or is it just the compressed cycle time where you will see that every quarter now?
Greg Thaxton: Well, I think to Mikes point, well see some lumpiness in those order rates. And in terms of what that demand looks like on a going forward basis, we are at that point in time, as we mentioned, where we tend to get stronger order activity in the cycle over this time period, our second, third quarter that leads to volume shipping in the third and fourth a bit stronger than the first half of the year. One other comment I would make is one  at least in our electronic systems business area, one of the things thats moderating sort of the growth is if you recall last year, we had very significant growth in our surface treatment business related to a new application. So we are seeing some new opportunities in that business with other customers that havent come forward yet. So we are up against some pretty tough comps there. So the dispense piece and the test and inspection piece look very robust. The service treatment piece is a bit weaker really based on the tough comp in the prior year, but we do have good prospects to spread that technology more broadly, may hit this year or may not hit till next year.
Kevin Maczka: Okay, got it. And just finally for me on margin, how much of this strong margin upside we saw this quarter would you attribute to your restructuring savings that you realized versus other continuous improvements in volume leverage and how much of the  same question on the 200 basis points couple of years, how much of that is just pure restructuring savings?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So if I look at this quarter, I would say that probably three quarters of the improvement is the function of the volume leverage in mix and probably one quarter is a function of the sort of the restructuring activity. And I would say year-to-date, we are probably half restructuring, half volume and mix in terms of the margin improvement. I think going forward, significant driver of that margin improvement is restructuring, some of which we have already completed, some of which is yet to complete. So we are  we suggest that that we will get there by the end of next year. This year is continuing to play out, but we are making good progress.
Kevin Maczka: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke of Wunderlich. Your line is now open.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning Mike. Good morning Greg.
Greg Thaxton: Hi.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam Burke: Mike, in your prepared comments on the Adhesive side, you talked about a couple of polymer applications that were doing well, just overall you have got some revenue growth there, but how is your business performing?
Mike Hilton: Liam, its improving from where we were last year, but its not where we wanted to be yet. I would say the volume is certainly helping. But as you know, we have plans to transform that business. We are in the middle of that and thats going well today. But we have some more things that we need to do that we will continue to work on in that business. But its encouraging to see some volume growth across the different product lines. I would say we are starting to get some indications at least on the more complex films that are sort of OEM channels are starting to see activity there. Thats probably still a 17 kind of activity, but we are seeing specialty applications in this quarter. We have seen some good growth across most of the product lines in this quarter, so thats encouraging. So year-on-year, it will be nice improvement, but we still have ways to go.
Liam Burke: And then on ATS, medical continues to be strong, are those kind of growth rates continuing to ramp for you?
Mike Hilton: Yes. We are seeing real good progress on the medical business. Its really linked to broadening the product lines that we have, getting placed well with the new applications. We have got the capacity in place between Colorado and Mexico now to support the growth very effectively. And so we are in good position there and we continued to broaden our portfolio.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Congratulations on the varied success across a number of initiatives there. In the ATS, you mentioned you are not going to get rid of the lumpiness, I am going to take that comment a bit weighted to a quarter-to-quarter dynamic, but in ATS as you build out the adjacencies in the new product platforms over the past few years in capacity, etcetera, would you anticipate a moderation of the impact of the sort of the 2-year mobile cycles that we have seen where you have had the strong kind of even number years and then sort of a pause in the odd number years?
Mike Hilton: I would say in the longer run, as things like medical, our general applications and sort of our focus to broaden the customer base, I would say yes. In the short-term, may be in the next year or 2 years, we still could see some swings there because of just the market structure of the key players out there. I like the progress we are making with the Chinese OEMs. As I have talked about in the past, there is still coming of the learning curve from an automation standpoint, but we are making  we are building some momentum there. And I like the diversification efforts that we have going on like I talked about with the new dispense technology that we just put out there and then of course medical and general applications. So over the long run, it should be less of a factor I would say in the next year or 2 years, it still could be more of a factor. And certainly within the year, we have kind  it kind of affects some quarter-to-quarter movement.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. In terms of mix impacts and things, would you say the  last year to this year was maybe more than extreme end?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say so, because while we had a tougher year from a dispense standpoint, it was actually down say in the electronics side and we filled in with solid products, but not at the same kind of margin profile. So, thats fairly extreme. So, I would expect as we continue to broaden the base for that to moderate a bit and thats a key focus. I mean, obviously, when we take advantage of the growth there and the good customer relationships we have and the benefit that technology can play in delivering sort of leading edge products, so we dont want to give up on that, but we do have a strong focus to diversify both markets, applications and customers.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And wondering if, did FX help margins at all in terms of favorable movements in production currencies?
Greg Thaxton: No, Chris, this is Greg. FX would have had a slight dilutive effect on both gross margin and operating margin.
Christopher Glynn: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Greg Thaxton: But we are talking  we are in the 30 basis point, 30, 40 basis point kind of range.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, I will mark it down as 35. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt McConnell: Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on a good quarter.
Mike Hilton: Thank you. Good morning.
Matt McConnell: Could we talk about capital allocation and what you are seeing in the M&A pipeline, what the priorities are and seller expectations? And whether there is anything that you think could be actionable in the next couple of quarters?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say overall, our priorities at the highest level are the same, support organic growth first, keep our dividends string going. Second, offset dilution. Third, there is relatively modest. So, then it comes down to the M&A activity that you are pointing out and then what else we might do opportunistically from the share side. And I would say couple of things. We did say we were going to take a little bit of a breather here in the first part of the year to continue to complete the latest integrations and the kind of work down our leverage a little bit and we are doing that. I would say the pipeline out there still tends to be smaller opportunities in some of our businesses with the exception of medical, where there are smaller opportunities than potentially a couple of larger ones. So, I would say thats the area probably where there is more opportunities. Timing is always questionable. I would say pricing is still fairly robust. So, its still relatively a sellers market at the moment. And that varies in terms of the kind of opportunities that you are looking at, whether its a product tuck-in versus something more substantial. So, we see a pretty robust pipeline in general, typically smaller deals with the potential of some larger ones in the medical side. Its hard to predict when they might come forward or come to market. Some of them  a lot of them tend to be private owners and thats always tough to judge.
Matt McConnell: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of Alembic Global Advisors. Your line is now open.
Matt Summerville: Hey, good morning. Just a couple of questions.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Matt Summerville: Most of mine have been answered. Within the Adhesive Dispensing business, I went back I mean I have to go back to 2012 kind of margins as high as it was here in Q2 at around and I think 29%. Is this sort of the signal that you can get this thing back to the 30% plus where it used to be of these flex pack businesses and I will just aggregate them into one kind of lumps and all of those businesses now systematically improve their profitability such that the magnitude of dilution has come in meaningfully?
Mike Hilton: So, I would say, directionally, you are correct, we are improving. I mean, we have taken action across the segments and in terms of some restructuring and then you are seeing some of that improvement come through. As I mentioned a little while ago, we still have some work to do in terms of realizing all of the benefits on the plastic side from improvements and some of the restructuring that we have underway. And of course, then there is volume leverage as that comes back. So as we have said, I think in the past our goal is to get that segment up to the 30% margin plus point. The specific timing is still probably a couple of years out when you think about it on an annual basis. We can have quarters, I think where we will be approaching that, but on an annual basis, its still probably a couple of years out when we complete all of the efforts that we have ongoing in our plastics business. But directionally, we are moving with improvements across all elements of the business.
Matt Summerville: As I think about your restructuring, you mentioned the progress we are making. Maybe can you get a little more specific in terms of what kind of magnitude of headcount reductions that have been completed, what needs to be done? If you have exited rooftops, how many and how many more are there? And then just lastly, what can make that 200 basis points, 300 or 400 as you have gotten in and rolled up the sleeves a little bit more here?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, what  just a couple of high level comments. Overall, we talked about getting out of one facility in the Netherlands. We talked about consolidating multiple German facilities into a single facility. We are on process to do that. We have talked about other consolidation in our dies business in the U.S. We are in process to do that. We still have some additional consolidation to do as well. Some of that is dependent on expansions in other places. So in other words, there is an expansion in one site and consolidation in other. So, we have got a very thoughtful plan on how to do that. So, we have multiple phases here. I would say we are well into probably complete  almost complete in the first phase and we have some other things that we are working on. Really not going to comment anymore specifically on that until those plans are more fully fleshed out and communicated, but we are making good progress there. We have seen the benefits that we expected to see from the actions that we have taken. And we have taken actions across the business, not just in the plastics area reflecting sort of the softer environment, we are seeing from a macro standpoint and our desire to make that structural improvement in margins. So, its not just a plastics activity, its across multiple businesses. If you recall last year in our EFD business, we consolidated in Europe, exited a facility. And in the medical business, we expanded in Colorado, got out of manufacturing in Minnesota. We are expanding in Mexico to support our assembly operations. So, these are the supply chain moves we are making outside of just the plastics area.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Charles Brady of SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Charles Brady: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning.
Charles Brady: So, on the orders again, not to beat the dead horse, but I am going to anyway. So, the plus 4% in the quarter, I want to go back to your comment about some of the velocity of the incoming order and exit order rate, because if you do the math on the backlog and the sales numbers, it sounds like in the quarter itself ending April, of course, your 12 weeks on a two-week lag, but for the quarter, it sounds like you are close to 7.5% order growth in the actual quarter ending April and then for the 12-week on that two-week lag, you dropped to 4%. And I am just trying to understand, thats a function of your velocity of the orders coming in exiting in the quarter, because you are having compressed time segments with the customers on Advanced Tech?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Charlie, this is Greg. I think you have got it to suggest that kind of during the quarter as we entered the quarter, order rates have been up 1%, coming into the second quarter. We saw good demand activity during the quarter clearly that helped drive this performance, sales performance in the second quarter and its a snapshot. So, you get variability from week-to-week, but as we looked at where those order rates were the latest 12 weeks, we are up 4%. So, that would suggest that we had some strong pace during the quarter that moderated a bit towards the end of the quarter.
Mike Hilton: The other thing as you look out you are comparing against a pretty strong quarter into Q3 of last year and so the comparable is maybe a little bit tougher as well.
Charles Brady: Yes, no, fair point. I am not going to try to downplay the order growth. I guess my point is a lot of that stuff tends to be very short cycle, you may get an order tomorrow, its going to go out in a week, so you dont know whats coming in today and that 4% may actually be understating some of the underlying growth you are seeing in the businesses just from your commentary you have been making?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I mean, I think we are trying to give you the best snapshot that we have. I mean, as Greg said, if you went into last quarter, our backlog was pretty solid at 8%. The order rate was a little softer. We had some guidance that was kind of in the middle and the order rate picked up. Here we are a quarter later the backlog is a little softer. The order rate is pretty solid. We are giving you our best estimate. But as you have just said, we got a lot of business that comes in and out in a relatively short period of time in a matter of weeks. We have a good view of the project activity and the list associated with it. Our customers arent always as clear on their expectations, both in the placement of the order and the delivery. And so that can move around. So, we are good at dealing with that. It does make it a little more challenging to forecast.
Charles Brady: Yes, sure. And so just switching gears on Adhesive Dispensing for a second, I thought I heard you say in your commentary that the non-wovens was one of the areas of strength in the quarter. And that tends to be your lower margin business and yet that segment had phenomenal margins. So, I am just trying can you comment of what the mix of that non-woven is and is underlying margin in that particular piece of the business gotten meaningfully better?
Mike Hilton: So, just first comment, the non-wovens business is a good business for us. So, I wouldnt categorize it as low margin business first of all. Secondly, what I would say is there is lot of change there thats driving kind of nice growth. So, from an overall mix standpoint, I think what we have talked about in the past, we have sort of three areas in that sort of more traditional adhesives business, the packaging piece which tends to be our highest and then the non-wovens in the product assembly and that sort of order the product assembly takes more of an integrated systems approach and so the margins tend to be a little bit lower. They are all good margins though.
Charles Brady: Yes, no, I didnt mean to suggest that I guess my point was historically its been a lumpier business and sometimes when the mix on non-wovens is higher, the overall margin is a little softer than otherwise would be if the mix has been lower. But it sounds like thats not really having that kind of impact right now?
Mike Hilton: Because the other two components are also pretty strong.
Charles Brady: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And I am showing no further questions at this time.
Mike Hilton: Alright. With no further questions, I want to thank everyone for participating in the call. We appreciate your support. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-02-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Jim Jaye, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Shaneez. This is Jim Jaye, Senior Director of Investor Relations and Communications. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and CFO. We welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, February 23, 2016, to report our Nordson's FY 2016 first quarter results and our FY 2016 second quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until March 01, 2016, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You'll need to reference ID number 44144362. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we'll have a question-and-answer session. Now, I will turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our FY 2016 first quarter results and a bit about our second quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's first quarter conference call. Despite a challenging macroeconomic environment, we're pleased to report very strong organic growth compared to the prior year across all product lines in our largest segments; Adhesive Dispensing. We also delivered positive organic growth in our Industrial Coating segment. We did see softness in the Advanced Technology segment during the quarter against a very challenging prior-year comparison. As a reminder, Advanced Technology organic volume increased 29% in the first quarter of FY 2015 compared to 2014. However, we are encouraged by recent order rates, which are up high-single digits in this segment for most of 12 weeks compared to the prior year. Including the first year effect of acquisitions, total company sales volume was up 4% in the quarter compared to prior year. Unfavorable currency translation continued to be a headwind in the quarter, offsetting the volume growth by about 5% compared to prior year. Operating margin in the quarter was 14% or 17% on a normalized basis, excluding the approximate effects of unfavorable currency translation compared to prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share in the quarter exceeded the level of the prior year's first quarter as one-time discrete tax benefits more than offset the negative impact of one-time charges. Unfavorable currency translation as compared to the prior year reduced reporting earnings per share by approximately $0.14. We also continued our balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter, distributing $46 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our second quarter 2016 forecast reflects our current backlog, which is up 10% compared to the end of the first quarter last year and our current 12-week order rate, which are up 1% over the same 12 weeks a year ago on a currency-neutral basis. The current run rate is likely stronger than the 1% as this period is impacted by the timing of Chinese New Year. We expect to deliver solid revenue growth in the second quarter over the prior year, including positive organic growth and a lower currency translation headwind based on the current exchange rate environment. At the same time, we remained cautious given the continued uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment. We're continuing to focus on the initiatives we've previously discussed that will improve normalized operating margin. I'll speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, to provide more detailed commentary on the current results and our second quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Regarding first quarter results, sales were $372 million, a decrease of less than 2% from the prior year's first quarter. This change in sales included a 4% increase in volume from the prior year's quarter comprised of a slight improvement in organic volume and more than 3% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions. Volume improvement was offset by a 5% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year's first quarter. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment sales volume increased 12% as compared to the prior-year first quarter, inclusive of 11% organic growth and 1% growth from the first year effect of the WAFO acquisition. Unfavorable currency translation as compared to the prior year reduced sales by 7%. The 11% organic growth is an outstanding level in the current macroeconomic environment and reflects the resilience of the consumer non-durable end markets served by this segment. Organic growth was strong in every product line. On a geographic basis, we generated strong volume growth in Europe, Asia-Pacific and the United States. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment decreased 8% from the prior year first quarter, inclusive of a 15% decrease in organic volume, offset by a 7% increase related to the first year effect of the Liquidyn and MatriX acquisitions. Sales were also negatively impacted by approximately 3% related to the unfavorable currency translation as compared to the prior year's first quarter. As Mike noted, current quarter results in this segment are challenging in comparison to the prior year first quarter, where we delivered organic growth of 29%. The result for last year's first quarter do not follow the typical seasonality of this segment where volume builds as the year progresses. Organic volume growth during the current quarter in our surface treatment and medical fluid management product lines was offset by declines in other product lines, largely related to electronics end markets. These markets have historically driven solid organic growth for Nordson and recent order rates and project activity in the space are encouraging. We're also pleased by the performance of the Liquidyn and MatriX acquisitions in this segment, both of which are meeting our expectations. Organic sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment increased 2% compared to the first quarter a year ago, offset by a 5% decrease related to unfavorable currency translation. Organic growth in the quarter was driven by demand for our liquid painting, container coating and UV curing product lines. Regional demand was strong in Asia Pacific, the Americas and Japan. Gross margin for the total company in the first quarter was 53%, inclusive of a negative currency impact of more than 1 percentage point as compared to the prior year. As part of the margin enhancement initiative we have previously described, we incurred one-time charges during the first quarter of approximately $1 million, mostly related to the Adhesive Dispensing and Advanced Technology segments. We also incurred approximately $1.5 million of short-term purchase accounting charges in the quarter, within the Advanced Technology segment related to the step up in value of acquired inventory. Operating profit in the quarter, including these one-time charges, was $52 million and operating margin was 14%. As Mike previously noted, operating margin excluding one-time charges and the negative impact of currency translation as compared to the prior year was 17%. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 25% in the first quarter, inclusive of approximately $600,000 in charges related to restructuring and short-term purchase accounting charges for acquired inventory. Adhesive segment operating margin was 27% in the quarter, excluding these one-time charges and the estimated effect of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Within the Advanced Technology segment, reported operating margin was 7% in the first quarter, inclusive of approximately $500,000 related to restructuring charges and $1.5 million related to short-term purchase accounting charges for acquired inventory. Normalized operating margin within this segment to exclude these one-time charges was 8%. Operating margin in the current quarter reflects product mix and negative leverage on lower volume, mainly related to electronics end markets. Advanced Technology segment operating margin was 9% in the first quarter, excluding these one-time charges and the estimated effect of currency translation as compared to the prior year. We do expect to leverage sales volume growth to generate significant improvement in operating margin in this segment as the year progresses, which is typical performance for this segment. The Industrial Coating segment delivered operating margin of 8% in the first quarter. This level of operating margin reflects seasonally lower first quarter volume, typical of this segment. Excluding the approximate effects of negative currency translation compared to the prior year, segment operating margin was 10% in the quarter. For the company, net income for the quarter was $41 million, GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.72, 4% higher than last year's first quarter. Excluding one-time items, normalized diluted earnings per share were $0.61. We've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share. Additionally, unfavorable currency translation, as compared to the prior year, reduced first quarter earnings per share by approximately $0.14. The first quarter's EBITDA was $70 million and cash flow from operations was $49 million. Free cash flow before dividends was $38 million, reflecting cash conversion of 91% of net income. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. During the quarter, we continued our approach of returning capital to shareholders by distributing approximately $14 million in dividends and investing $32 million for the repurchase of shares. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain liquid with net debt-to-EBITDA at 2.87 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the first quarter. We do have additional capacity available as we're currently borrowing well below our most-restrictive debt covenants and our strong free cash flow provides additional capacity. I'll now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. As we typically do, we provided our most-recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending February 14, 2016, order rates are up 1% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. As we've noted in the past, order growth rates can fluctuate from week to week. And for most of the last several weeks, 12-week order rates on a currency-neutral basis have been positive compared to the prior year such that our backlog, excluding acquisitions, is up 8% over the prior year. And as Mike noted, there is likely some negative impact due to the timing of Chinese New Year in the most recent order rates. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 1% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Positive order rates in packaging and nonwoven product lines are offset by softness in other product lines. Geographically, orders were strong in Japan, Europe and the Americas. Again, timing does have an effect on order rates. And for most of this fiscal year, 12-week order rates in the Adhesive segment have been up mid- to high-single digits over the same periods a year ago. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are up 8% as compared to prior year. These order rates reflect a strong return in demand for automated dispensing systems related to electronic end markets with continued strength in our medical fluid management product lines. Order rates were strong in Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas, while the U.S. and Japan were essentially flat. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are down 5%. Growth in cold material dispensing systems for automotive applications and UV curing products was offset by softness in other product lines. Positive order growth in Asia-Pacific, the Americas and Europe was offset by softness in other regions. Comparisons in this segment are challenging, where order rates were up 39% a year ago at this time; however project activity remains robust. Backlog at January 31, 2016 was approximately $247 million, an increase of 10% compared to the prior year and inclusive of 8% organic growth and 2% growth due to acquisitions. Backlog amounts are calculated at January 31, 2016 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. We're forecasting sales to increase in the range of 2% to 6% as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of an increase in organic volume of 1% to 5%, 2% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative currency impact of 1% based on current exchange rates. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect second quarter gross margin to be approximately 55% and operating margin to be approximately 19%. This outlook includes one-time charges of approximately $1.3 million. Excluding these one-time charges, normalized operating margin is estimated to be 20%. Unfavorable currency rates as compared to the prior year are estimated to impact gross margin and operating margin by about 1 percentage point. We're estimating second quarter interest expense of about $6 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in second quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.85 to $0.95, inclusive of a $0.02 per share charge related to non-recurring charges. In addition to the second quarter outlook, the following updates on FY 2016 full year basis may be helpful for modeling purposes. For effective rate, we're forecasting the full-year rate to be about 30% based on current tax law and excluding discrete items. For capital spending in 2016, we're forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be approximately $50 million. In addition, we do expect to occur additional non-recurring charges associated with our margin enhancement initiatives, primarily associated with integration activities within the Adhesive segment. As we indicated last quarter, the size and timing of these non-recurring charges in FY 2016 is difficult to estimate precisely, but we expect these charges to be well below the amount incurred in fiscal 2015. In summary, Nordson delivered slightly positive organic growth in the current quarter in a challenging macroeconomic environment and against the robust period of organic growth a year ago. Reported earnings per share exceeded the level of the prior year's first quarter and normalized earnings per share exceeded the high end of our normalized guidance. Looking ahead, our current quarter backlog and recent order rates have been solid, leading us to forecast solid revenue growth over the prior year second quarter, including 3% organic growth at the midpoint of guidance. And we expect to leverage the sales increase to drive improvement in earnings per share as compared to the same period a year ago, despite a tough macroeconomic environment and currency headwinds. With that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team for their ongoing efforts. They continue to serve our customers at an extremely high level and are committed to continuous improvement. As Greg mentioned, given our backlog and order rates, we expect organic volume growth to be approximately 3% compared to the prior year, at the midpoint of our second quarter guidance. This is a strong level given the continued softness in the global macroeconomic environment and reflects the solutions we bring to the diverse end markets we serve. We're particularly pleased with the ongoing strength we're seeing in the Adhesive Dispensing segment and the return of demand we're starting to see within Advanced Technology electronics and markets. We expect to leverage this increased volume to deliver normalized operating margins and earnings per share and exceed the level of the same period a year ago. I'm also pleased to report that we're making solid progress on our margin enhancement initiatives. During the quarter, we continue to execute on integration and footprint optimization activities within the Adhesive Dispensing segment. We also took action within the Advanced Technology segment to drive efficiency within our electronic systems product lines. We plan to continue executing on activities across the company that will enable us to meet our goal of 200 basis points improvement to the normalized operating margin by the end of 2017. Overall, the trajectory of the global economy remains uncertain for the year. At the same time, we remain well-positioned to capture growth opportunities when and where they occur. We remain focused on continuous improvement and our strong ongoing cash generation provided the ability to fund multiple priorities that will benefit our shareholders over the long term. At this point, let me turn over the call to you for questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Liam Burke with Wunderlich. Your line is now open.
Liam D. Burke: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, the margin improvement in Adhesive systems, could you give us a little color on the product mix there just directionally how the polymer business performed?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, this is a solid quarter for the polymer business. I'd say if you look at the margin improvement overall, I would say, something like a third that is probably related to the initiatives that we've talked about taking, and then the other two-thirds is split between the volume growth that we've seen and normalized continuous improvement kind of activities. And so, it was really solid quarter for both the sort of traditional core adhesives as well as the polymer business from a sales perspective.
Liam D. Burke: Okay. And on the electronics side, you're seeing the bounce there. How about on the mobile side, is there any life on that side?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. What I would say is, in this quarter, we haven't seen that sort of tick up. What have seen is some activity in the semiconductor side on sort of Advanced Technology, particularly affecting our dispense businesses. And we have started to see a step up in our tiered products in Asia where we have some penetration into the mobile customer base, primarily the Chinese mobile customer base, that's more than onesies and twosies. I would say the normal sort of seasonal pickup that we see in this business we'd expect to see more in Q2 and going into Q3. That said, there are a lot projects that we're working on right now, which is typical at this time, where we go through a qualifying effort and then the order placement tends to occur later in Q2 into Q3. So, I would say that activity level is high and particularly encouraging across the Dispense segment.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thank you, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Charley Brady: Hi. Morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Charley.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Charley Brady: Can you just talk on the Adhesive Dispensing? You just commented on some of the margin there, but I wonder can you just give us what the aftermarket percentage was on that? And was there any sort of  was there any mix impact? I mean that's a pretty strong margin performance out of that segment this quarter despite the higher volumes.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say  Greg's looking it up, because I don't remember off hand what the mix is on the parts and systems. I don't think that's a big issue in the quarter. And I would say really every product line was up nicely, whether it was the packaging, the nonwovens, the product assembly, the four product lines within the polymer area were all up nicely in the quarter. So, that was certainly very, very encouraging there. So, I don't think there's a significant mix effect. Greg on...
Gregory A. Thaxton: No. There is not. In fact, within the Adhesive segment, the percentage of parts sales is actually just slightly lower than what it was in the first quarter last year. So, it's not driven by a mix shift between systems and parts.
Charley Brady: Okay. And then just Mike on your commentary on the 12-week order rates in Adhesive Dispensing, down 1% for the whole 12 weeks, but you're saying, for the majority of that 12 weeks, is up mid- to high-single digits, is that correct? Can you just put some more color around that? Was it just you started off the year down significantly and just kind of snapped back or what's driving that?
Michael F. Hilton: No. I'd say there's a couple of things. I'd say, if you look at this year versus last year, we do have the Lunar New Year hitting in this order week period. So, for that week, we essentially registered no orders. And so, you have a bit of a swing associated with that. It doesn't mean there aren't orders. We just didn't have any recorded. I'd say, secondly, our core adhesives continued to remain up sort of mid-single digits. The polymer business was off a little bit, but there's really more lumpiness on products. If you look at that business over the last couple of quarters, it was up 9%, it was up 20%-plus in this quarter. It's just timing more than anything else there. So, there is a Chinese New Year effect, not sure how big that is. And then there's some project timing effect and solid sort of core adhesive performance.
Charley Brady: All right. One more and I'll hop back in queue. Just on M&A pipeline, can you just kind of give us a sense of how that's looking these days and sort of multiples on that as well? Thanks.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. I would say, this year is looking a bit like last year, where we have a nice pipeline, but likely to be smaller tuck-in kinds of opportunities. The medical area is one, where there could be some larger opportunities. But at this point in time, it looks like smaller kind of tuck-ins is what we're talking about for this year as well. We can probably go to the next question then.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay. Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Chris. Good morning.
Christopher D. Glynn: Hey. So, we've had a multiple kind of quarter period of some negative mix, I would call it, at ATS and you've started to  I think you've mentioned hints in the past, maybe a little more directly talking about stronger trends building for the dispense systems at ATS, which do help mix. So, just wanted to revisit the question on if there has been some primary fundamental resets on sustainable mix at ATS? And then, clarify the comment on expectations for margin improvement for the segment? Does that, in fact, refer to the full year or relative to the start to the current year?
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. Yeah. So, just a couple of comments. Last year, we had a more modest year from a dispense standpoint in the electronics systems side of that business and we had a really strong year as related to surface treatment or technology business. And that had a significant effect on mix, both good businesses and product lines, but a significant effect on mix. The surface treatment business is continuing to remain solid. The dispense business is starting to pick up. In this quarter, we've seen some of the advanced packaging on the semi side translate into nice orders with some of the new dispense technology that we have out there that works well at the wafer level. We also saw our Tier  sort of Tier II products coming out of China, going into some of the Chinese suppliers, that are largely on the mobile side, pick up. And then, I'd say, from a project standpoint, this is the time of the year where we see a lot of project activity from a qualifying standpoint and we do see a lot of dispense projects across the full spectrum, some that fall into our EFD business and a lot that fall into our electronics systems business. We haven't really seen the impact of the orders yet there is what I was trying to suggest. I think the earlier comment was suggesting that, as the year builds, as the volume grows, we'll see significant margin improvement. And if you look back historically, last year maybe a little bit of anomaly. But if you look back to last three years or four years, we've typically seen a more modest first quarter and then margins in the 20% for the full year. And assuming these projects that we're working on translates into revenue, we would expect the same kind of improvement in overall annual performance.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay. So, the margin improvement comment characterizes both normal seasonality, just for the record, but also it is a comment on expectations for full year versus the prior year?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Again, the caveat is those projects translate into the revenue and last year some of them didn't go ahead. But I'd say, we've got a broad range of products this year and we're encouraged by what we see at this point.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay. And then the 8% core backlog build that's a pretty sweet number. You often make comments just cautioning that 12 week  any 12-week period can have short-term influences. And in this case, the short-term influence might suggest the 8% was understate. But at any rate, could you kind of make that leap and tie that 8% to what  in your wisdom, what your sense of the kind of real trend of your business efforts are out there in the marketplace?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, certainly, the 8% is a good start. The most-recent order rates are down to closer to the sort of 1% level, although we provided the caveat around the Lunar New Year having some impact there. What I would say is, and Greg alluded to this, everything that's going into the consumer non-durable space looks pretty good at this point in time and pretty resilient in the face of a macro environment that's clearly uncertain and trending to the level that we suggested last quarter in the kind of low 2% for the year. I would say, in the larger project range, the things that would affect say product assembly, some of our coatings business, we see good activity. But that's the area, where if anything got pushed, it might be in that area as people question capital spending going forward. And we're seeing some of that activity like that in China leading to some softer numbers in the short term. But I would say, when we look then to project list and funded project list, that also looks encouraging across most businesses. So, in the quarter, we've said, hey, the midpoint looks like 3% even with the backlog at 8% based on the most-recent order rates. And again, I think we're encouraged on the non-durable space, we're cautious of it  on the durable space just because it's just not that clear at the moment. But activity level is not falling off.
Christopher D. Glynn: Great. Makes sense. I'll let it go. Thanks.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Just talking a little bit on the cadence of orders, I know obviously Chinese New Year sort of impacted the back half of that. But was there any notable change in your businesses relative  when we sort of hit that January 1 switch, that capital was freeing up a little bit from your customers?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say, no significant change, typically for those customers that are on an annual capital budget, most things get approved by the end of January and we start to see them let and come through in the February and beyond timeframe. So, through the quarter, I'd say it played out fairly typically as what we expect. So, nothing unusual there. We'd expect the bigger projects to be let in the third quarter  in the second quarter and then into the third quarter.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Perfect. And then just going back to sort of your comments around acquisition, any  I know you mentioned medical tuck-ins and maybe you have some larger ones there. Any change to the multiples in this environment? Have you noticed this pull in a little bit, just given the uncertainty?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say not yet, we'd like to see that. But I'd say not yet.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Okay. We'll leave with that then. Thank you.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is now open.
Walter Scott Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Walter.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Hi, Walter.
Walter Scott Liptak: I want to ask about your U.S. orders, down 6%, that wouldn't be impacted, I don't think, by timing or anything except for maybe some concern over the macro and a slowing international. So, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the U.S. orders. Is the stock market or concern about the economy bit negative or anything related to the strong dollar and that impacting your export sales?
Michael F. Hilton: No, I would say, most of it would fall in the category of project timing year-over-year. Last year, this period of time, overall U.S. orders were up 12%. And particularly, in our Coatings business we had very, very strong orders in the auto platform business. And so, that's sort of a year-over-year effect that's having some impact. And we think it's more project timing than anything else. So, no, it's not an international or currency-related impact. It's more project timing.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. Kind of in a similar way, just being more specific about the adhesive in North America, it sounds great, the mid-single-digit kind of growth outlook for adhesives, I wonder if you could talk specifically about adhesives in North America and the pipeline of orders and activity or pipeline of business out there?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say, in general, packaging and nonwovens, was tend to be the non-durable piece, are pretty solid. I would say, on the product assembly side, it's a little weaker at the moment. Again, they tend to be more higher dollar, more capital related. We expect some of that from a seasonal standpoint and we do see good activity. But if anything would get pushed, it would be things like the product assembly area and then a number of the coatings-related activities and maybe some of the bigger polymer projects. So, that's the one that, while we're not hearing that at the moment, that's probably where the risk would be. And right now, it looks more like a normal quarter on the product assembly timing, but that's the one area that's been a little bit softer within the quarter.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. Great. Okay. Thank you.
Michael F. Hilton: All right, Walt.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kevin Richard Maczka: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Richard Maczka: Mike, we've talked for some time now about these tiered products in the China mobile, I'm wondering if you can given an update there on the traction you're seeing there, the size of business that that is for you now, what kind on growth rate you're seeing, margins, that kind of thing.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So, I would say, it's just starting to move from the handful of unit orders to orders that are more in the range, 20, 30, 40 kind of units at a time, so starting to get some traction. These are mid-tier products, so they would have  they'd be fully automated, but not necessarily as sophisticated as our high-end products when you think about vision system and dual dispensing and things like that. They're coming out of China largely, at our Suzhou facility, so we have nice margins on this business. Not as good as our fully-featured products, but good margins in the business. I would say, though, in general, the Chinese manufacturers are still pretty low on the curve from an automation perspective. They still do a lot manually. And we think, in the long run, that's a nice upside for us. It's not driving that part of the segment at the moment, but we have gone from putting units in, demonstrating them, selling a handful of units to real orders, and so that's encouraging.
Kevin Richard Maczka: And when you talk about units, what's a typical ballpark dollar value for a unit like this? And does it capture still the same type of margin that your higher-end more bells and whistles units do?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say the answer to the first one is it's probably 50% to two-thirds of the pricing of the high-end units and the margins wouldn't be quite as high, but they're probably within 10 points of the kind of margins we see in the high-end units. The high-end units have a lot more features. So, they might be dual dispense systems with laser vision systems and so forth. So, they'd be different margins, but good margins nonetheless.
Kevin Richard Maczka: Yeah. Makes sense. And then, this snapback, if you will, in the electronics demand, how much of that is coming from company-specific things you're doing like this in the way of introducing new products and getting traction with them versus some of your markets just snapping back? I know you mentioned the semiconductor area, but how much of this is market versus things you're doing?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say, it's a mix. The comment on the semi side is really a function of some new technology going into different customers that are on the wafer side of things, so leading-edge customers on the wafer side. So, that's really a combination of new product technology and a new application there, which is encouraging, and like to see that grow. We have introduced a whole new line of dispense technology that's getting some traction. And I'd say we haven't yet seen the big uptick that we would expect seasonally, which as I said earlier would come later in the quarter. So, we are seeing some improvements in the underlying customer base, but it's probably more linked to new products and technologies that we're offering than anything else.
Kevin Richard Maczka: Got it. And if I could just ask one more high level on the adhesives order, so when we see those order growth rates in the 6% to 12% all year last year go to negative 1% in Q1, there was a Chinese New Year in there last year at some point too, where you probably had a week without orders. Your message is not that there is some new macro challenge and things have slowed, but more an issue of timing and the outlook there is still as encouraging as it was last quarter. Is that a fair way to characterize it?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd say it's encouraging. And as I commented on the sort of traditional adhesives businesses, the non-durables are solid. The area where we have a little more concern is on the product assembly, which is more investment related, but that's been solid today, but we have some concerns  a little bit more concern going forward. But this is a period where that's typically what you'd see. And on the polymer side, we've come out of two really strong quarters from order entry. It's a little bit off right now, but that looks more like project timing than anything else based on the activity levels. So, I'd say, we are encouraged. We're not trying to get too far ahead of ourselves here, though, just given the general level of uncertainty in the macro environment.
Kevin Richard Maczka: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matthew McConnell: Thank you. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Matt.
Matthew McConnell: I want to follow-up on the comments earlier. I know polymers is doing pretty well. Can you give us a sense of where the margins are now relative to the segment average and maybe what's been accomplished on the restructuring there and what's left to do maybe over the remainder of the year?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Well, I would say, in general, we're still on the early phases of the improvement activity in the polymer side of things. So, the margins aren't where we'd like to see them. But just to give you a sense of things that we've accomplished so far, we have shutdown and exited our Belgian facility in Europe and consolidated that. We have got out of two small product lines related to that, one plating and one our rolls business in the U.S. that were not making money for us and so we've exited those businesses. We have pulled together the plant to consolidate our German facilities from two to one and that requires expanding the one facility. So, that's going to play into 2017. In the U.S., in our dies business, we have three facilities, we'll go down at least one and that should play out over the next year. And then, there's some other activities that we have underway that we'll talk more about later in the year that continue the improvement plan in that business. But I would say, we are on track with our expectations there and we're doing everything we can to pull in the time horizon. But when you look at consolidating facilities and expand ones, while (42:56) the timing to make that happen stretches out more than everybody would like, but we're going as fast as we can in that regard. So, I'd say, we are on track. The margins aren't where we like to see them yet. We haven't really seen the big volume drivers come back yet, even though we've had some nice volume growth and that's something that we expect to see probably more in the 2017, 2018 timeframe. But we're on a good path.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Matt, this is Greg, I'd add, as part of our overall initiative to drive our margin improvement at 200 basis points, certainly this product line is a part of that improvement.
Matthew McConnell: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks. That's helpful update. Appreciate it.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Jim Jaye for any further remarks.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Shaneez, and thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. I'm available this week for follow-up questions. So, thank you again for your ongoing interest in Nordson. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-12-11 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for Fourth Quarter and FY '15. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to your host, Jim Jaye. Please go ahead.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Stephanie. Happy Holidays to everybody listening. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO and Greg Thaxton our Senior Vice President and CFO. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, December 11, 2015 on Nordson's FY '15 fourth quarter results and our FY '16 first quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at Nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until December 18, 2015 which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 86534278. During this conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, as discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question-and-answer session. Now I will turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our FY '15 fourth quarter results and a bit about our first quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining Nordson's fourth quarter conference call. Nordson delivered fourth quarter sales that were within our range of guidance. On a year-over-year basis sales were impacted by negative currency translation and a challenging comparison to the 13% organic growth we delivered in the fourth quarter a year ago. During the quarter we did see a very strong organic growth in our Adhesives Dispensing segment as well as solid organic growth in the Industrial Coatings segment. Within Advanced Technology segment organic growth within fluid management product lines was offset by the cyclical effects in select electronics end markets impacting the electronics systems product lines within the segment. On a full-year basis we delivered organic volume growth of more than 3%. This is solid performance given the very weak economic environment that we've been operating in throughout the year. Operating margin and earnings per share in the quarter were impacted by unfavorable currency comparisons to the prior year and one-time charges related to short term purchase accounting for acquired inventory and restructuring charges for previously announced margin improvement initiatives. Excluding one-time charges of negative currency impact, operating margin in the quarter was about 21%, a solid level given flat organic volume and the quarter's product mix. During the quarter we continued to execute on all phases of our capital deployment strategy. This included closing on the WAFO Production and MatriX Technology acquisitions and distributing $210 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our first quarter 2016 forecast reflects our current backlog, current 12-week order rates and typical seasonality within the business. As we begin 2016, we will continue to target organic growth that exceeds global GDP driven by the strength of our end markets and the initiatives we have in place to drive top line. Our current assumption, however, is that global GDP will continue to be challenging and likely not much different than 2015. We remain committed to driving our margin enhancement initiative discussed in our last earnings call and we're focused on delivering the 200 basis point improvement in normalized operating margin by 2017. I will speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments but first I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our current results and our first quarter guidance. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. I'll first provide some comments on our fourth quarter and full-year results before moving on to our outlook for the first quarter of FY '16. Sales in the fourth quarter were $446 million, a 5% decrease from the prior year's fourth quarter. This change in sales included organic volume that was flat, a 2% increase related to the first-year effect of acquisitions and a 7% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment sales volume increased 8% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter, inclusive of 7% organic growth and 1% growth from the first-year effect of the WAFO acquisition. The volume growth was offset by a 10% decrease related to negative currency translation. The 7% organic growth is an outstanding rebel in the current macroeconomic environment and reflects the resilience of the consumer non-durable end markets served by this segment. Organic growth was strong in nonwoven, rigid packaging, injection molding and pelletizing product lines and in most geographies. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment decreased 7% from the prior-year fourth quarter, inclusive of an 11% decrease in organic volume offset by a 4% increase related to the first-year effect of the Liquidyn and MatriX acquisitions. Sales were also negatively impacted by approximately 3% related to unfavorable currency translation. I'll remind you that current results in this segment are challenged in comparison to the prior-year fourth quarter where we delivered organic growth of 21%. In the current quarter organic growth in fluid management product lines was solid, led by strong demand from medical end markets. This growth was offset by softness in automated dispensing and test and inspection product lines serving select electronics end markets. As we have seen over time, these electronic end markets provide excellent organic growth opportunities for Nordson, though they do tend to be more cyclical in nature. Geographically, positive organic growth in the U.S. and Europe in this segment was offset by slower demand in other regions. Organic sales volume in the Industrial Coatings segment increased 2% compared to the fourth quarter a year ago, offset by a 6% decrease related to unfavorable currency translation. This is solid organic growth given the macroeconomic backdrop and comes in comparison to a very robust fourth quarter a year ago where we generated organic growth of 16%. The current quarter's growth was driven by demand for our powder, liquid and cold material dispensing product lines in durable goods end markets. Solid demand in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe in this segment was offset by softness in other regions. Gross margin for the total Company in the fourth quarter was 53% inclusive of a negative currency impact of approximately 1 percentage point as compared to the prior year. As part of our margin enhancement initiative discussed during our third quarter earnings call, we incurred one-time costs during the fourth quarter of approximately $9.1 million, mostly related to severance costs as we further integrate the polymer product lines and look to enhance margin performance across all segments. We also incurred approximately $1.3 million of short term purchase accounting charges in the quarter related to acquired inventory. Operating profit in the quarter including these one-time charges was $76 million and operating margin was 17%. Normalized operating margin to exclude these one-time charges was 19%. Excluding both the one-time charges and the estimated negative currency translation effect as compared to the prior year, operating margin was 21%. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 21% in the fourth quarter, inclusive of approximately $8 million related to restructuring charges and $100,000 related to short term purchase accounting charges for acquired inventory. Normalized operating margin within this segment to exclude these one-time charges was 24%. Adhesive segment operating margin was 27% in the quarter excluding these one-time items and the estimated effect of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Within the Advanced Technology segment, reported operating margin was 17% in the fourth quarter or 18% on a normalized basis, excluding $1.2 million of short term purchase accounting adjustments for acquired inventory and $700,000 of one-time restructuring charges related to margin enhancement initiatives. Segment operating margin was also impacted by negative volume leverage and product mix within the electronics systems product lines. The estimated effects of currency as compared to the prior year were negligible within this segment given the percentage of sales that are U.S. dollar denominated. The Industrial Coatings segment delivered operating margin of 19% in the fourth quarter or 20% on a normalized basis, excluding approximately $400,000 of one-time charges for restructuring related to our margin enhancement initiative. Industrial Coatings segment operating margin was 22% in the quarter excluding these one-time items and the estimated effects of negative currency translation as compared to the prior year. This is continued outstanding performance for this segment and reflects our ongoing efforts to drive profitability. Net income for the quarter was $50 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.84 or $0.95 excluding one-time items. We have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. Unfavorable currency translation compared to the prior year impacted fourth quarter earnings per share by approximately $0.15. The fourth quarter's EBITDA was $93 million and cash flow from operations was also $93 million. Free cash flow before dividends was $80 million, reflecting strong cash conversion of 161% of net income as we have trended back to our typical working capital metrics. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. During the quarter we continued our approach of returning capital to shareholders by distributing approximately $14 million in dividends and investing $196 million for the repurchase of 2.9 million shares. As of the end of our fourth quarter we had approximately $151 million available under our current repurchase authorization. During the quarter we also continued to execute on our acquisition strategy with two previously announced purchases. WAFO is a small addition to our polymer processing product line within the Adhesive Dispensing segment and MatriX Technologies is an ideal extension of our test and inspection product line in the Advanced Technology segment. Both of these acquisitions are performing as expected and we welcome the WAFO and MatriX teams to the Nordson family. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain liquid with net debt to EBITDA at 2.8 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the fourth quarter. Net debt levels reflect acquisitions and opportunistic investments for repurchasing shares. I'll now provide a few comments on our full-year results. Sales for FY '15 were $1.69 billion. As Mike previously mentioned organic growth for the year was more than 3% compared to the prior year. This is solid growth given the low growth macroeconomic environment throughout 2015 and against a very challenging comparison where organic growth in 2014 was in excess of 6%. Unfavorable currency translation as compared to the prior year impacted 2015 sales by $115 million or negative 7%. Full-year gross margin as reported was 54%. Excluding the effects of negative currency translation, gross margin for the year was approximately 55%. Full-year operating profit in FY '15 was $318 million and reported operating margin was 19%. Excluding one-time items and the approximate effects of unfavorable currency translation compared to the prior year, total Company operating margin was 21% for the year. Net income for the full year was $211 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.45 inclusive of a $0.12 per share charge related to one-time items. Unfavorable currency translation impacted full-year earnings per share by approximately $0.54 or 14%. Full-year EBITDA was $384 million and free cash before dividends was $200 million or 95% of net income, again reflective of strong cash conversion. Excluding the investment in our new fluid management facility in Colorado, adjusted cash conversion was 104%. Dividends paid in FY '15 were $55 million and shares repurchased under the repurchase program totaled approximately 5.4 million or 8.6% of shares outstanding at the end of FY '14, totaling $382 million. I'll now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the first quarter of FY '16. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending December 6, 2015 order rates are down 5% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. We're facing challenging comparisons where total Company order rates were up 10% at this time last year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders were up 7% as compared to the same period in the prior year. Orders were up in most product lines and were led by nonwovens, melt delivery, extrusion dies, general product assembly and rigid packaging. Orders increased in all geographies except Japan. In the Advanced Technology segment order rates for the latest 12 weeks are down 16% against the prior year. Strength in medical fluid management components was offset by cyclical softness in select electronics end markets. Strength in Europe and Japan was offset by other regions. Within the Industrial Coatings segment the latest 12 week order rates are down 14%. Growth in liquid and container product lines was offset by softness in other product lines. Strength in Asia Pacific, Japan and the Americas was offset by softness in the U.S. and Europe. Backlog at October 31, 2015 was approximately $229 million, an increase of 8% compared to the prior year and inclusive of 5% organic growth and 3% growth due to acquisitions. Backlog amounts are calculated at October 31, 2015 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the first quarter of FY '16. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of down 1% to down 5% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volumes down 3% to up 1%, 3% growth from the first-year effective acquisitions and currency headwind of 5% based on current exchange rates. And the midpoint of our sales forecast we expect first quarter gross margin to be about 54% and operating margin to be approximately 13%. This outlook includes short term purchase accounting charges of $1.6 million and estimated restructuring charges of $1.3 million. Excluding these one-time charges, normalized operating margin is estimated to be 14%. Unfavorable currency rates as compared to the prior year are estimated to impact gross margin and operating margin by about 1 percentage point. We're estimating first quarter interest expense of about $5 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30.5%, resulting in first quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.47 to $0.57 per share inclusive of a $0.03 per share charge related to non-recurring items. In addition to this first quarter outlook, the following FY '16 full-year data points may be helpful for modeling purposes. For our effective tax rate we're forecasting the full-year rate to be about 30.5% based on current tax law. For capital spending in 2016, we're forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be approximately $50 million. In addition, we do expect to incur additional one-time costs associated with our margin enhancement initiative, primarily associated with integration activities within the adhesive segment. Although difficult to estimate at this time we do not expect the one-time costs in FY '16 to exceed those incurred in FY '15. In summary, we delivered fourth quarter revenue within our range of guidance, resulting in full-year organic growth of more than 3%. Organic growth was solid in the majority of the business with the exception of softness in more cyclical electronics end markets, supported by portions of the Advanced Technology segment. We continued to execute on our balanced capital deployment strategy during the quarter and also continued taking actions which will lead to normalized margin improvement over the next two years. With that, I will turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First I want to thank our global team for their hard work in 2015. Our employees delivered a solid year in a challenging environment. Negative currency translation was a significant headwind through 2015 and masked what otherwise would have been a record year on several measures. I'm pleased with the more than 3% organic growth we delivered for the year which reflects the technology, application expertise and support we bring to our customers in the diverse end markets we serve. I'm also pleased with the progress we're making on the initiatives that we expect will improve normalized operating margins over the next two years. As we previously reported, we began these actions in our third quarter in our fluid management product lines within Advanced Technology segment. In the fourth quarter the Adhesive Dispensing segment began consolidation of four facilities supporting our extrusion die product line into a single center of excellence and we continued rationalization of product lines based on profitability. Additional actions related to workforce optimization and efficiency initiatives are also underway in all three segments. We expect these actions to improve normalized operating margins with some of the benefits to be realized during 2016. We're providing additional detail on these activities in the coming quarters as they unfold. Our first quarter 2016 forecast reflects our backlog, current 12-week order rates, typical seasonality and challenging comparisons to the same period a year ago. As we begin 2016, the global economy remains weak. However, we continue to target organic growth in 2016 that exceeds global GDP, given our ongoing initiatives around new products, new applications, penetration of emerging markets and recapitalization of our installed base. The diverse set of end markets we serve are all expected to grow over the long term and we're well-positioned to meet customer needs with direct sales and service everywhere in the world. Although we cannot actively predict movement in the exchange rates, if exchange rates remain where they are today, the impact of currency effects on both sales and earnings would be minor in future quarters. The fundamentals of our business are intact, our global team is committed to providing a best-in-class experience to our customers and delivering solid long term returns to our shareholders. We also remain focused on driving continuous improvement throughout the organization through the tools and practices in our Nordson business system. At this time let me turn over the call to you for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from [Patrick Wu] [ph] with SunTrust Robinson. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: In regards to the Advanced Tech portion of the business, what is driving the decline in margin? Is it a simple function of low volume or is it mix? Also, in terms of the acquisitions recently, aside from accounting items are these acquisitions additive to segment margins or are they subtractive, if you will?
Mike Hilton: You were breaking up just a hair there but let me try and answer the first question. If you look at margins for the year in the Advanced Tech area, your comparison, they're off about 5 percentage points. About 1 point of that relates to currency, a couple points relate to really just lower organic volume relative to last year and an increase in the spending and then about a couple points relate to mix where we had actually a significant decline in our automated dispense area that was offset by our surface treatment products, both of which have good margins but the surface treatment product margins have more bought-in items, less high value-added mix as part of it and so they have a considerably different margin. If you think about it, currency, the margin mix and then some lower organic growth in the segment relative to typical spending increases that we would see, nothing fundamental there in terms of pricing or anything else. As it relates to the acquisitions, the acquisitions that we added were tuck-in acquisitions, one on the polymer side. And then in the Advanced Tech it was really a automated x-ray product that has similar margins to the margins we see in the test and inspection business. So, it really comes down to currency and mix, largely and then some lower volume. Nothing fundamental.
Unidentified Analyst: And obviously the lead times for the segment are generally pretty short. When you guys are talking to customers in Advanced Tech, most specifically, what are you guys hearing in terms of CapEx looking out into 2016 and beyond? Has it been down materially or has it just really been down marginally? And how does that compare to your expectations going into next year?
Mike Hilton: Let me make a couple of comments. First, if you look at the fluid management part of our business, we continue to see strength in the medical business going forward. We see solid gains of strength in what I call general industry applications in our EFD type products. I would say year on year we saw some softness, particularly in the wearables space, come the end of the year. We think that's more timing than anything else. In the automated systems business, this past year for the wireless business, was not one in terms of a significant degree of change in terms of the product offerings and there are some changes in end customer market share, particularly in China. The one bright spot was really in the auto electronics segment. But when we talk to customers right now -- and this is the time of the year where we're doing a lot of project development work with key customers -- there are a lot of different new product and application activities that we're working on and we're hopeful that they are going to translate into significant growth this year. Obviously that will play out in the second and third quarters as these prospects and development projects turn into orders. But we're hopeful in that regard that we will see an uptick, particularly on the dispense side this year. We're getting some traction now, as well, with the Chinese manufactures that are on the low-end tiered product scale of the automated dispense systems.
Unidentified Analyst: One more quick one before I hop back in the queue. What was the mix from parts and consumable in Adhesive Dispensing for the quarter?
Mike Hilton: Can you repeat your question? Your connection is not so good so I didn't hear that at all.
Unidentified Analyst: What was the mix from parts and consumables in Adhesive Dispensing for the quarter?
Greg Thaxton: Total Company was about 42% which trends out to be a pretty consistent percentage for all of the quarters and full year. It's very near that range. And if you look at the various segments, they all trend very near that total Company. I'd say in the quarter we probably had slightly higher than normal within Advanced Tech given this volume shortfall in system dispensing. But adhesives as well as the other segments tend to fall very near that Total Company of 42%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Just touching on that first question a little differently, I'm trying to be an optimist here, do you get a sense that people are just -- 2015 was a bad year, let's punt these capital decisions into 2016 where maybe you're getting a sense just from talking to your customers that we could see a little acceleration here as people have delayed those decisions into 2016? Any thoughts?
Mike Hilton: Allison, are you talking about across the portfolio or specific to the electronics part of the discussion?
Allison Poliniak: If you want to touch on electronics, but I guess just across the portfolio. I understand that 2015 in this quarter across the industrials was fairly difficult just given some of these capital decisions getting delayed. Just trying to get a sense if maybe they are getting delayed but you're still talking and maybe we feel --?
Mike Hilton: So, maybe just talk a little bit across the businesses on prospects and what we're hearing from customers. If you look at the Adhesives segment, in our traditional Adhesives segment, largely driven by the consumer non-durable space, activity has been strong even through Q4 and as we look at it from an order perspective now, it's very solid. In the polymer product lines we're seeing improvements from an order perspective, starting to see some orders come in on the dye business. A lot of that, fluid coating, some specialty film dye, but the solid melt stream components. And our pelletizing was strong in the quarter but that tends to be big project related. So, I'd say encouraging activity there. When we look at the Industrial Coatings business it's been on a strong uptick the last three years. We've got some tough comps in this particular quarter but that feels a lot to us like just timing of larger products, particularly on the auto side. If you look at what remains strong, the auto platform work remains strong and we have some significant project activity there that we expect to come in in the future. The general powder coating environment has been pretty solid, so a lot of prospects. Even when you look across places like Europe, we're seeing solid prospect activity there. And then if you go to the Advanced Tech space, as I said, medical activity looks strong. The general fluid management activity talking to customers looked good from a prospect standpoint. We actually are encouraged that this could be a more significant year from a change perspective in the wireless area, including the wearable piece. And we've gotten some good traction with the local Chinese in terms of new products with our tiered product offering that came from the DIMA acquisition we made in China. So, I'd say we're encouraged on the prospect side of this. I think the areas that appear to be soft geographically, Japan is an area that's soft and we're clearly seeing some investment being pushed off there. China is more of a mixed bag but the areas that are strong, like auto, continued to be strong. And then on the electronics side, obviously that's where a large bit of the uptick would come this year. So, I would say the prospect discussions are good. We need to translate these new developments into orders and that will play out over the next couple of quarters.
Allison Poliniak: And then just turning to leverage, 2.8 times, can you just maybe talk about your comfort with that level in this environment, what range you'd be comfortable in here from a leverage perspective?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Allison, this is Greg. You support that with the strong cash generation that this business generates. We're certainly not uncomfortable in this range where we're under our current credit facilities, we have about $200 million available. We certainly have much more than that from a capacity under our covenants perspective. So, we're comfortable in this range and think we still have some dry powder for other strategic initiatives. So, it's not a level that we're not comfortable with in this environment.
Mike Hilton: I would just make two comments. Assuming we see GDP in that 2%, low 2% range, we would expect to outgrow that, number one. And, number two, we're on track with the initiatives we have in place to improve our margins which we're seeing some charges this year but will position us well to generate even more cash going forward.
Allison Poliniak: Okay. And then just one last thing, just touching on that outgrowth relative to GDP, are you including acquisitions in that thought or is that just purely organic basis?
Mike Hilton: No, just organic. We should be able to do that. We're not looking at numbers, we're looking at 3% or 4%, if you look at 2% GDP not 7% or 8%. But we should be able to grow that. And, quite frankly, it's largely the focus around our initiatives. We have a number of specific growth initiatives that are focused on new products, new applications, larger penetration in emerging markets, particularly globalizing some of the acquisitions that we've acquired over the last couple of years. So, we see good plans in place that we can execute on to help mitigate a little softer economic environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt McConnell with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt McConnell: Just to follow up on the prior question, because that 2.8 leverage is a bit higher than you've carried historically. The decision to go there, was that you saw something opportunistic and you wanted to bump up the buybacks? Or any change in philosophy on the leverage that you're comfortable with? And then maybe you could also talk about M&A capacity and what the M&A pipeline looks like right now.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. I'll handle the first part of that question. Clearly with some of the data we've provided, we did believe it was an opportunity from a share repurchase perspective and that's what drove that activity. I wouldn't say at a high level it's a change in our perspective going forward. It was, we felt, an opportunistic time.
Mike Hilton: And then just a comment with regard to M&A, we did say this year that our M&A activity would likely be focused on drop-ins and plug-ins. And if you look at the three things we did -- the Liquidyn acquisition was a product line plug-in for our EFD business. The WAFO addition was a make-buy decision given its European capability that we've since gone in and been able to significantly expand the furnace capability there which will help us in our plastics area. And then the MatriX Technology was a way to upgrade our capability from an automated platform and integrate it with our advanced x-ray technology. So, all good plug-ins. I tell you we see more of the same in terms of that smaller drop-in activity. The one area where there are some larger potential opportunities are in the medical device space that's been growing strong double digits for us over the last three years with the acquisitions that we did make.
Matt McConnell: And if you saw something, one of those somewhat larger deals on the medical device side, you feel you have the capacity to go after acquisitions in that space right now with the current balance sheet?
Mike Hilton: Yes, we think we could do it for the right property.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb with Sidoti. Your line is open.
John Franzreb: Just a little bit about the margin enhancement program. Could you touch on what you think the normalized operating margin for the Firm is and what the 200 basis points would add to it? Would you expect the operating margin to end that at the end of the program, firstly? And, secondly, in first quarter guidance, how much margin enhancement do you think you've realized from the program?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so just a couple of comments. I'd say we're right on track with our plans in terms of the actions we're taking for the margin enhancements. In the third quarter, our margin enhancements were largely the result of exiting an EFD facility in Europe and consolidating our Minnesota manufacturing into Colorado and Mexico. Those were part of the Advanced Tech segments. A lot of the activity here in this quarter was around improving effectiveness and efficiency across segments, as well as I mentioned we're going to consolidate three U.S. facilities in our dye business to one. We're going to exit one in Belgium and we have some follow on activities to consolidate two facilities in Germany and some other thoughts that we're working on. So, that will play out throughout the year. So, we're right on track in terms of the actions that we're taking according to plan to get us to deliver that 200 basis points in 2017. And on a normalized basis we'll see a portion of that this year. It will be masked by the costs associated with getting there that will show up as a one-time recurring costs but we're right on track there. As far as the overall operating margin, we would see some normalized improvement. It may not be a percent this year but on our way towards a percent and right on track for the 2% next year in a volume-neutral basis. If our volume goes up we should see some leverage on top of that.
Greg Thaxton: Just on the comment about and do we think we can continue to expand those beyond once we get to that 200. And I'd say yes. We have our continuous improvement wrapped into our Nordson business system that allows us to continue to look to enhance performance. Again, even outside of that volume leverage, I wouldn't say that we stop after these initiatives. We think we can continue to widen those margins.
John Franzreb: Okay, great. But what is the baseline corporate operating margin you're using, because there's been a lot of noise in acquisitions and currency? So, what is the baseline number? It's been very high in the past couple of years, so I just want to get a sense of what the starting point is.
Mike Hilton: This year's normalized number, as we look at it for the Company, is around 21%. And that's with what's been going on underlying in the Advanced Tech segment.
Greg Thaxton: So, it was a 15% number if we excluded the one-time. We're saying from this 15% number on a go-forward basis over the next year and then in 2017 we expect to widen from there.
Mike Hilton: On a volume-neutral basis. So, then the additional volume on top of that should provide some additional leverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital markets. Your line is open.
Kevin Maczka: Just to be clear on the margin, in Q1 you're expecting to be down about 300 basis points year over year, but you still think with the cost actions you have in place normalized, when you exclude the one-time cost associated with achieving those and currency-neutral, you still think there will be 100 or so basis points of margin lift? That's a reasonable expectation for full-year 2016?
Mike Hilton: I think if we split it into two phases, if you look at the structural program I'd say we're right on track with what we're looking to do and exclude one-time we'll see improvement. Whether it's a full 100% points there, not clear, but directionally it'll be moving towards that. And then what we're saying from a volume standpoint, if the year plays out as we expect and the GDP is a couple of percent or so and we outgrow that, we should see some additional volume leverage on that.
Greg Thaxton: And, Kevin, the point there, too, is, yes, we're off here on the first quarter but we don't get too concerned about one particular quarter. And this happens to be a quarter that for us, as you know, is a softer quarter. It's a softer quarter for many of our customers in their capital cycle. We've got the holidays, et cetera. As you suggest, we're starting off in a bit of a hole here in the first quarter, but as we look at the project list, as we look at activity within the businesses, we're still targeting that on a full-year basis we'll hit our sales growth targets.
Kevin Maczka: On tech, if I could shift over to that one, you mentioned a couple times about the cyclical downturn in some of the electronics markets you saw this quarter. And we know those cycles don't always coincide with macro cycles. But if you're looking for maybe a better year this year on the wireless side, with changeovers, with the wearable that you mentioned, any sense, any view you have on how that cycle bottoms? And do we start to see, will we still be talking about a cyclical downturn the next couple quarters, is the question there?
Mike Hilton: If you look at a typical electronics seasonal pattern, first quarter is always soft. That's the quarter where, as I mentioned, we're typically working with customers on development projects that they then would enact in the second and third quarter and the typical commitment and ramp up is generally in that second and third quarter. If you look at last year, we had a particularly strong fourth quarter and a particularly strong first quarter and a lot of that had to do with everybody pushing for wearable opportunities to go out and test the new market segment there. We should expect to see this play out in the second and third quarter. If you look at our typical seasonal data for this business, it declines pretty sharply from the end of the third quarter in through, say, the beginning of January and the peak periods tend to be in the second and third quarter, peaking somewhere in the third quarter typically. That's what we would expect based on the conversations we have now. Now, these new developments which are new product and applications related, need to translate into orders. But we'd expect to see the pickup in the second quarter and a peak in the third quarter, would be typical.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. And then just finally from me, we're likely looking at another sluggish year overall in terms of the macro picture. You always have this goal to outpace global GDP. And some of the ways you get there -- new products, emerging markets, installed base -- can you point to something there that would be many needle moving, if you will, that can give some comfort that this could be a year where, in fact, we do exceed global GDP even in a soft market?
Mike Hilton: I would say a couple things. If you look at the last two years on an organic basis we've exceeded the global GDP. 2014 was a little more robust at about 6%. This year is a little over 3% with a tougher electronics market. I would say in some of our core adhesives area, both on the packaging side and the nonwoven side, in particular, we would see recap as a driver this year. We had good traction last year and that's continuing into this year. So, in other words, looking at upgrades and improvements and recapitalization of some of our installed base there and we see a lot of customer activity on that front. We're working on some new applications in the product assembly area that relates to some furniture applications and flooring applications that are starting to take off with improvement in the construction industry. I'd say in the polymer area, we're seeing good growth in the fluid coating part of the dies business and some uptick in some specialty dies, getting some traction on our melt stream and some good projects on the polymer pelletizing side of things, particularly in Asia. And that's related to our spherical underwater pelletizing capability. When you look at Industrial Coatings, we think this year is going to be another solid year in the auto platform and we've been pretty successful there. We've got continued upgrades to technology on the powder side and some improvement in the general metal contracting area that we see some traction on. And then if we look at the medical space, there's just a whole slew of new products that we've introduced. We're getting good traction on new products from the Avalon acquisition last year, the value plastics components. We've broadened the product line in a number of ways and we're getting good traction on that. And also we're starting to see some globalization of those businesses. In our cold materials space we've got some new applications going into aerospace. These are not home runs. These are all singles. But with new applications going into the aerospace area they are starting to get some traction. And then I would say our tiering approach is helping us to get some traction with the Chinese wireless companies. We're in with all of them and starting to get some reasonable orders in that area. Again, that's one where we're not quite sure what the pace of conversion will be from manual to automated but the tiering approach is really helping meet their needs there. So, so I would say this year has been a good year in terms of introducing new products. Next year is the area we want to commercialize and take advantage of that and we think we're in pretty good position. A lot of our expectation is these initiatives over and above the float of GDP is whatever is going to drive our growth for next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to just dig into the first quarter margin guidance, the 14% adjusted, again and just get an understanding of where you think the Advanced Tech margin might be, like what's the assumption in Advanced Tech. And I'm wondering if it could be single digit. As I look back in the model it looks like in 2014 you started out like that, too, where you had a really weak first quarter margin and then it improved throughout the rest of the year. And I wonder if that's the kind of year you're thinking about again in 2016?
Mike Hilton: Certainly if you look at where we're at from an order perspective the whole adhesive has been the one that's been most solid right now. We've been a little softer on the coatings, but that's off a strong comparison and a little bit softer on the Advanced Tech. Those margins in the first quarter typically go down anyway and they would on a year-on-year basis be off just given the volume leverage. So, it's that mix that we're looking at.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Is your assumption, though, to be single digit in advanced tech?
Greg Thaxton: Walt, this is Greg. We typically in our guidance don't go to the segment and we certainly don't take it down. We just don't work it down to the product line level. So, what I'd suggest is similar to what Mike was saying. We look at where the order rates are. Certainly volume is going to have an impact on what those reported margins will be.
Mike Hilton: But we don't see it necessarily as an atypical quarter for us just relative to last year a softer quarter in those areas.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And if in the second and third quarters some of these new products, the wearables, etcetera, come through, those would impact the automated assembly which tends to be higher margin -- is that correct?
Mike Hilton: Most of the wireless activity falls into the automated assembly space. There are some things that we sell for manual and modest tabletop automation, too, that go into some customers. If you recall, we have a range of customers. The ones that are just stepping out of doing things manually might go to simple tabletop automation which would fall into our EFD segment. But most of it typically falls into the automated segment particularly now that we have the first-level tiered automated product to offer, that we would expect to see growth across that range.
Greg Thaxton: And both of those dispensing are good for us. Those tend to be our higher-margin products. So, if we see that demand that plays out within the business that's good from a margin perspective.
Walter Liptak: And just as a last one, the variance from your guidance, what changed during the quarter that you weren't expecting, if you had higher guidance for EPS heading in? Was it the mix in Advance Tech?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Walt, that is the gap in guidance. When you look at where the revenue shook out it's the mix issue and the impact on margins within Advanced Tech and specifically in the electronic systems portion of the product line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Radigan with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Joe Radigan: A couple questions on the polymer businesses. On the ejection molding side, some of the equipment OEMs, I think have cautioned that industry growth could slow there next year following a couple pretty robust years. How are you thinking about the growth in that business? Would you expect to be in line with industry trends there or is there another share gain catalyst or something else there?
Mike Hilton: I think our expectation is continued growth in that segment. A lot of it will be, I think, driven by the fact that we're improving our capability in that area in Asia and, to some extent, in Europe and the fact that the WAFO acquisition we made will help us from a capability standpoint in Europe for those component products. And it largely will impact mostly our screw and barrel business. And we do have some new applications that we're working on, particularly for twin barrels and some coating applications. And then we're seeing some good growth getting beyond the injection molding piece, both in our melt stream applications with new products and in our fluid coating business on the die side. And we're starting to see for the first time some uptick in general orders in the die business. I think certainly the things that have been driving the injection molding have been things like auto, medical and, to a lesser extent, some of the consumer product conversions going on.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then maybe just to follow up on your comment on the die business, Mike, are you seeing industry capacity there finally normalize to where there could be some expansion? Or is this more specialized type one-off items on the higher-end buy X stuff?
Mike Hilton: I would say it's more special items at the moment, although we're starting to see some requests and activities on the buy X side. And we like to see a little bit more traction on that to conclude that we finally turned the corner there. But on some specialty applications we're seeing some uptick. So, I'd say no, not yet. We would like to get a little bit more traction there but maybe some early indications that things are improving.
Joe Radigan: Okay. And then maybe lastly, more broadly, in adhesives, is there a risk at all that low oil prices impacts the customer decision to upgrade, meaning, maybe with the rationalization, that lower feedstock costs make the value proposition of more efficient equipment less compelling? Is that a concern at all?
Mike Hilton: We're not really seeing that so much. If you think about the drivers for upgrading, certainly that's one of the drivers. But speed is another driver, so getting effective capacity out that reduces unit costs. And then we're seeing feature function changes. For example, in the nonwoven space, our customers are moving towards more clothing-like diapers and adult incontinence products which drive change there and require some recapitalization. So, I would say from an efficiency and therefore cost of the adhesives products, it might be a modestly lower driver, but for some of the other things we're still seeing interest in recapitalization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with Alembic Global Advisors. Your line is open.
Matt Summerville: Just two quick things, first Greg, do you have an idea of the magnitude of FX headwind that you'd be facing for the full year if rates stay where they're at today? And even if you're able to do it, on a more granular basis by quarter? I know you indicated Q1 is going to be a head wind but how do you think the year progresses from an FX standpoint?
Greg Thaxton: Matt, if you look at where the euro, yen and the pound, the three bigger currencies for us, once we get through the first quarter here, we pretty much lap the currency effect where, for each of those quarters two, three and four, where rates are today are pretty much right in line with where they were prior year in those quarters. So, we'll have this currency impact this quarter. If rates stay where they are it will be minimal in the future quarters.
Mike Hilton: Got it. And then maybe just one for Mike, can you talk about the magnitude of order weakness you saw in the U.S., what the drivers were there? Did it surprise you? I think the number was down 12, I don't have it in front of me. But just what's driving the softness you're seeing in the U.S.? And should that be a broader concern? If you look at the U.S., a big driver of the short term has been in our Industrial Coatings business. And that's really linked to year-over-year timing of bigger projects, particularly auto platform projects. As we look at it and the prospects out there, there are still a lot of prospects for new auto platforms we're working on now and we think it's more of a timing issue. And, similarly, from a powder coating business perspective, there is some larger projects in the first quarter last year that we see perhaps playing out later in the year this year. And I think that's the most significant piece that we see there, but when we talk to the customers, look at the prospect list and bidding activity, I'd say at the moment we're encouraged by what we see there in those areas.
Greg Thaxton: And, Matt, just to add to that, particularly with those two product lines, they tend to be larger dollars, so timing can really have an impact. Whatever your cutoff point is for your comparison, the timing of those orders can have a big swing, create a big swing.
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Chris Glynn: I did get bumped off accidentally at the beginning of the Q&A so sorry if I repeat some covered ground. Just looking at the ATS margin progression through the year as opposed to year over year, I think the mix in FX, they were tough throughout. So, if we look at a lower adjusted margin in the first quarter compared to the first quarter and the second quarter margins down despite seasonally higher volumes and again assuming mix and FX were a little challenging throughout, what's that tail off here at fiscal year end?
Greg Thaxton: Within the Advanced Tech segment the tail off is largely mix.
Mike Hilton: So, to be clear, our dispense business was down pretty significantly year over year and our surface treatment business was up. That's the mix effect we're talking about.
Greg Thaxton: We were commenting earlier that where we have application demand that drives the need for automated dispensing, we generate higher margins there than we do in other portions of that product line. Now, the positive side is we offset that dispensing revenue with some new application revenue within that Advanced Tech space. It just comes at lower gross margins than our dispense platform does.
Chris Glynn: Okay. So, the mix issue is actually much more acute in the fourth quarter than it was in some of the prior quarters of FY '15 that also had some mix challenges?
Greg Thaxton: Right. And it's really a function of when the products were delivered.
Chris Glynn: Okay. These things created a step function down. Does that set the table for a step function up rather than a normal incremental margin analysis if mix normalizes or should we think more of this as a reset in the ATS margins?
Mike Hilton: No, I wouldn't say it's a reset. If you look at the year-on-year comparison we talked about earlier, currency was about a 1% impact. The mix was a couple percent or so impact. Then volume relative to spend was very modest in total, so we lost some incremental volume leverage there. In all of our businesses, we've talked about actions we're taking to improve effectiveness and efficiency, including that segment. So, we think as we get back to a more normal mix and without further currency impacts we should bump back up in that business. So, no, there's not a permanent change, there's not a pricing change, there's not a competitive change, but there is pretty substantial mix. And as Greg was saying, if you look at the composition of what we sell in, say, dispense versus surface treatment, we buy much less in that product line, so we're selling essentially only all of the high value-added product and that's why we've got a difference.
Chris Glynn: Right, that makes sense. A little bit of a similar framework for ADS -- the margin on adjusted basis, 24% in the quarter, a step back from prior couple quarters despite seasonally higher volumes and better organic growth. Is this another instance where we just say mix is this one quarter and something else in another quarter?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Chris, as you mentioned, normalized would have been 24%. And currency also was a big impact here, that if you excluded currency we would have been 27%. So, it would have actually been slightly accretive to where we were prior year.
Mike Hilton: The biggest segment was the currency impact.
Chris Glynn: Right, but it wasn't any worse than the prior couple quarters, was it?
Greg Thaxton: Slightly larger in the fourth quarter given the volume.
Chris Glynn: Okay, that's all I have. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That does conclude the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back over to Jim Jaye for closing remarks.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, everybody, for attending the call. I am around today. I do have some calls scheduled. I'm also around next week for follow-ups, anybody listening. Thank you again and appreciate your interest and attention in Nordson. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
James R. Jaye: Thank you and good morning, Kevin. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and CEO; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, August 21, 2015, our Nordson's FY 2015 third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until August 28, 2015, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 98581161. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our FY 2015 third quarter results and a bit about our fourth quarter outlook. Mike, go ahead.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for attending Nordson's third quarter conference call. Nordson delivered organic growth of 6% during the quarter, a strong number in what continues to be challenging macroeconomic environment. Unfavorable currency translation continues to be a significant headwind on results compared to the same period a year ago as the dollar continued to strengthen during the quarter, resulting in a 7% negative impact on sales. Sales and earnings per share were negatively impacted by $33 million and $0.16 per share respectively compared to the third quarter of last year. From an operating perspective, we've leveraged sequential revenue growth to generate operating margin of 22% in the third quarter, an increase of three percentage points compared to the second quarter. We maintained our disciplined and balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter, distributing $13 million in dividends and investing $49 million in share repurchases. We also acquired Liquidyn, a German manufacturer of micro-dispense valves, that will broaden our fluid management product offering and is a nice complement to our EFD product portfolio. We continued our ongoing focus on optimizing the business, taking restructuring actions within certain Advanced Technology segment product lines to enhance operational efficiency and provide customer service in a more cost-effective manner. This is among several actions we're taking now and over the coming year to protect and enhance our margins in 2016, where we expect the macroeconomic environment will continue to be soft. In terms of our fourth quarter outlook, the current macroeconomic environment and comparisons to the prior year are challenging, resulting in modest organic growth at the midpoint of our forecast. This outlook would result in full year organic growth of approximately 4%, a solid level given the state of the global economy, which we've seen soften as the year has progressed. I'll speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide more detailed commentary on our results and our fourth quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Sales in the quarter were $463 million, an increase of 1% from the prior year third quarter. This change in sales included a 6% increase in organic volume, a 2% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions, and a 7% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. As Mike noted, the U.S. dollar further strengthened during the quarter, generating a stronger headwind of sales than we guided to back in May. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment organic sales volume increased 4% as compared to the prior year third quarter. Organic growth was solid in product lines serving disposable hygiene, general product assembly, rigid packaging and plastic extrusion end markets. We generated organic volume growth in all regions except the U.S. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 8% from the prior year third quarter, where organic volume increased 2% and the first year effect of acquisitions added 6%. And I'll remind you that the Advanced Technology segment had a very strong quarter last year where third quarter sales grew 15% over fiscal 2013 third quarter. So our comps are very challenging. In electronic systems end markets, organic growth was strong in surface treatment and test and inspection product lines, partially related to the penetration of new applications and customer adoption of new products. Demand for automated dispense systems was lower in comparison to the very strong period a year ago. Within fluid management product lines, medical end market demand continued to drive strong growth in single-use components. Geographically, total segment organic volume was strong in the U.S., Americas and Europe. Organic sales volume in the Industrial Coatings segment increased 23% compared to the third quarter a year ago. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter of strong growth within this segment as our team captures the global opportunities presented within the end markets served. Organic growth increased by double-digits in all product lines and was driven by projects in consumer durable, automotive, industrial, container and electronics end markets, and growth was positive in all regions. Gross margin for the total company in the third quarter was 54%. As compared to the prior year, currency negatively impacted gross margin by 110 basis points and Advanced Technology product mix also reduced gross margin. Operating profit in the quarter was $103 million and operating margin was 22% or 24%, excluding the effects of currency, as compared to the prior year. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 26% in the current quarter or 28% excluding the effects of currency as compared to the prior year. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin was 24% in the third quarter or 25%, excluding one-time items. The effects of currency as compared to the prior year were negligible as a high percentage of sales are U.S. dollar denominated. As noted previously, the prior year's third quarter was an exceptional quarter for this segment, both in terms of sales volume growth and the customer and product mix of volume sold, where we delivered margin of 32% in the quarter, a high watermark over the last couple of years for this segment. Comparing to a more normalized operating margin for this segment in the third quarter and fourth quarter of high 20%, operating margin in the quarter was negatively impacted by product line and customer mix, with a higher mix of non-automated dispense sales. The Industrial Coatings segment delivered operating margin of 19% in the third quarter or 21% excluding the effects of currency as compared to the prior year. This outstanding performance is an increase of six percentage points over the prior year and reflective of the strong operating leverage generated by this business on higher volume and our ongoing efforts to drive profitability. Continuing down the income statement, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 29.5% or 30.1% excluding a discreet return to provision adjustment. Net income for the quarter was $69 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.14 or $1.16, excluding the $0.01 per share benefit related to the discrete tax items and a $0.03 per share charge related to restructuring and efficiency initiatives mentioned previously. As in previous quarters, we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release, to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. The current quarter's EBITDA was $120 million, cash flow from operations in the third quarter was $50 million, and free cash flow before dividends was $37 million. Free cash flow in the quarter was impacted by an increase in working capital, mostly related to the timing of receivable collection and some inventory build. We expect free cash flow in the fourth quarter to benefit from a reduction in working capital, as we trend back to our typical DSI and DSO metrics. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. We continued our balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter, distributing approximately $13 million in dividends, investing $49 million for the repurchase of shares and continuing to execute on our acquisition strategy. As of the end of our third quarter, we have approximately $147 million available against the $300 million share repurchase authorization. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid with net debt to EBITDA at 2.1 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the third quarter. In terms of additional color on acquisition activity, we've recently completed two small acquisitions that add to our capabilities. On June 15, we completed the acquisition of Liquidyn, a German manufacturer of micro-dispensing systems, including micro-dispensing pneumatic valves, controllers and process equipment. Highly complementary to our existing portfolio, Liquidyn's products expand our jetting capabilities and are used to dispense adhesives, greases, silicones, oil, flux, lacquers, solder paste and other chemicals in the electronics, automobile, medical, packaging, furniture and aerospace industries. The company has 13 full-time employees and will be integrated into the Nordson EFD product line within the Advanced Technology Systems segment. While the transaction is not material and we're not disclosing specific financial information, the purchase price was approximately $15 million. After the close to the third quarter, we completed the acquisition of WAFO Produktions-GmbH, a German manufacturer of screws and barrels for plastic injection molding and extrusion applications. This purchase is in line with our global strategy and establishes a local European screw and barrel source to enable and support growth in that region. WAFO serves a diverse customer base, adds field engineering resources, and deepens and accelerates market penetration. The company has approximately 65 employees, and will be integrated into the polymer product line within the Adhesive Dispensing segment. Again, this transaction is not material and we are not disclosing specific financial information, the purchase price for WAFO was approximately $8 million. We're excited about the opportunities these two organizations bring to Nordson, and we welcome these new employees to the Nordson family. I'll now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and a geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year, on a currency-neutral basis, and with the Liquidyn acquisition included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending August 16, 2015, order rates are up 5% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders were up 12% as compared to the same period in the prior year, where we generated order growth in all product lines and all geographies except Japan. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are up 1% against the prior year. Strength in Automated Dispensing Systems for electronics markets and fluid management components for medical end markets was offset by other product lines. Strength in Asia-Pacific, Europe, and the Americas was offset by other regions. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are down 9%. We are facing challenging comparisons within this segment, where order rates were up 18% at this time last year. Growth in automotive and liquid painting product lines was offset by other product lines. Strength in Europe and the Americas was offset by other regions. Backlog at July 31, 2015 was approximately $270 million, an increase of 10% compared to July 31 of 2014, inclusive of 6% organic growth and 4% growth due to acquisitions. Current backlog decreased 5% compared to the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2015. These backlog amounts are calculated at July 31, 2015 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of down 3% to down 7%, as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume growth of down 1% to up 3%, 1% growth from the first year effective acquisitions, and a negative 7% impact related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation based on current exchange rates. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect fourth quarter gross margin to be 55% and operating margin is estimated to be approximately 22%, with both negatively impacted by one percentage point due to unfavorable currency rates as compared to the prior year. We're estimating fourth quarter interest expense of about $4.4 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in fourth quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1 to $1.12 per share, inclusive of a $0.01 per share charge associated with purchase accounting for acquired inventory. We do expect strong cash conversion during the fourth quarter given the expected return to more typical working capital metrics previously noted. Such then on a full year cash conversion ratio, we expect to be close to 100%. In summary, we delivered strong organic growth in the third quarter against a challenging macroeconomic backdrop, while also continuing our balanced approach to capital deployment. Our fourth quarter outlook reflects continued softness in the macroeconomic environment and challenging comparisons to the prior year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team for their hard work. Our employees have delivered solid performance over the first nine months of the year in a challenging environment. They are the secret of our success. In terms of our fourth quarter guidance, organic growth is positive at the midpoint of our forecast, even in a soft macroeconomic environment and challenging comparisons as Greg noted. At this midpoint, Nordson would deliver a full-year organic growth of approximately 4%, a solid number and well above global GDP. Looking further ahead, many economists at this time are not forecasting significant macroeconomic improvement heading into the coming year, and our own visibility over the longer term is limited. Given this uncertain outlook, we are taking actions in areas we can control to improve normalized operating margin in 2016 and beyond, independent of sales volume leverage. The actions taken in the third quarter to optimize the performance of our Advanced Technology segment are among the first of these steps. These actions were taken in conjunction with the opening of our new facility in Colorado, and the acquisition of Liquidyn, which provided us with opportunities to further optimize customer service and operational footprint across selected fluid management product lines. Using tools within the Nordson business system, we are implementing a more concentrated effort around multiple continuous improvement initiatives, accelerating footprint consolidation activities, challenging the productivity of our organization, while limiting additions to head count and reducing other spending categories. We will have more detail around these activities in the coming quarters as they occur. Overall, our target is an improvement of at least 200 basis points for the normalized operating margin by 2017, with some of this coming in 2016, again independent of sales volume leverage. While we do expect to grow the top line of the business beyond GDP levels, which does then generate solid volume leverage, our focus will be on improving operating performance levels of each of the segments against the assumption of a low-growth environment. Overall, our global team is committed to providing a best-in-class experience to our customers and delivering solid long-term returns to our shareholders. We remain confident in our business model and our ability to capitalize on many of the opportunities available to us in the diverse end markets we serve. At this time, let me turn it over to your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T.
Kevin R. Maczka: Thanks, good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning Kevin.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Kevin R. Maczka: So the first question I guess, kind of a big picture demand, I know visibility is always limited here, but as we're approaching fiscal 2016, I guess my interpretation here is that, we're going to do about 4% organic growth this year, but it sounds like maybe you're bracing for a bigger slowdown, given your comments about visibility and uncertainty and soft macro and taking new cost tax. Is that the right way to be thinking about 2016?
Michael F. Hilton: No, Kevin, I wouldn't  here's how I would characterize it. If you think about where we were at the beginning of our year looking at the global macroeconomy, most economists were forecasting well above 3% GDP growth. And quite frankly, based on where we sit today, the only geographic region that has hit that is Europe. U.S is below where things were expected, Japan, China, most of Asia, and emerging markets are below, so that we see this year's GDP coming in in that 2% to 2.5%, likely middle, 2.2%, 2.3%. Our view is next year, that's probably going to be the same. There are some economists now that still show 3% for next year. We don't see a catalyst at the moment that's going to drive more global GDP growth well above 3%. So we're looking at it more like this year. So if you think about, rough rule of thumb of kind of 2x the GDP that we see, that's kind of our expectation. That's not the most robust growth environment, and so, we think, it's only prudent to go into the year, being watchful of our expense line, driving our productivity initiatives, and maybe accelerating some of the programs we had in the plan already.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Kevin, this is Greg. What I'd add to those comments is, we certainly have other initiatives including new product development initiatives, new market opportunity initiatives that help us have aspirations of driving above that two times GDP, and historically, we've been able to capture some of that. But it's the sense that the operating environment next year may not be much better than what we're operating in this year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd say just add to that, the initiative  from an initiative standpoint, we're doing pretty well this year. We're just floating on a little bit weaker economy than we expected.
Kevin R. Maczka: Yeah. And I think 6% in the quarter and 4% for the year is certainly better than most industrials this year. So that looks good on a relative basis and in a soft GDP world, but I'm just, I guess, where I'm going is, I'm just wondering, where do you see the opportunity for things to accelerate? If we do have a similar GDP environment and who knows, it  maybe it's worse, maybe it's better. But if it's similar like you're forecasting, what would make us to do better than 4%? Is it new product development and some of the new initiatives you have, Greg? Or is there something specific to your segments or your geographies that gives you some comfort that things can be better?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah, Kevin. I would say a lot of it is linked to the new products development side. We have a lot of new products that we've introduced this year, and I'd say generally getting traction, some of them are taking a little bit longer than we might have expected, but getting good feedback on those. So I think that is sort of a key opportunity. In some cases, we've got new applications that in effect, are creating demand, and so we're seeing some of that this year, and we expect to see some of that next year. So if you look at it, in each business we have initiatives that we think we can control, including in some cases, we've talked about in the past where we're making progress now in tiered products, for example in the Advanced Tech space that we haven't had before. So we see some of those kinds of things driving the sort of premium growth, even when the economy is a little bit softer than maybe folks had expected. So we're not discouraged, I think we're encouraged by what we're seeing in our initiatives. What is most unclear is, what are we floating on top of? And I'd say that's particularly unclear when you think about Asia, Japan, and China in particular.
Kevin R. Maczka: Okay. Got it. I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Radigan with KeyBanc.
Joe K. Radigan: Hey, good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Joe.
Joe K. Radigan: First, on the fourth quarter guidance, can you give some directional color by segment and context of the organic growth guidance you provided? Adhesive Dispensing has been trending kind of below where the order growth has been. It would seem to indicate Advanced Tech and Industrial Coatings are both facing pretty tough double-digit organic growth comp. So, is it reasonable to expect Adhesives to come in at or above the high end of that range, and then the other segments kind of below or near the bottom of that range, or how are you thinking about it in terms of  relative to the total company?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, one thing that's a little bit different on the Adhesives side here is with the polymer product lines in there, some of those that are a little bit longer deliveries. So, some of the orders that we're seeing now, probably don't get shipped in the fourth quarter, would carry over into the first quarter. So I think generally speaking, if you look at it, until we kind of lap all of that and get a sort of a more normalized set of history with that business in, we're going to see some disconnection between orders and what you see in revenues. So, I think some of that  but that's certainly gone on a little bit in the Adhesives side of things. If you look at the rest of the business, we are entering the period of time where you typically would expect orders to follow a more typical pattern, which would be to a drop off from their peaks going forward, and that's what we anticipate to see, is typical traditional background going forward there. And so, that's kind of factored in against, as you said, the tough comps in  particularly in the Coatings business and also, in parts of the Advanced Technology business.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah, Joe, this is Greg. And I think, just to add to what Mike said is, you hit a lot of it the prelude to your question. If you look at prior year revenue in each of the segments and kind of correlate that with current period growth rates, it helps give you a view of given the current pace of orders and the comps that were up again, you can kind of correlate where you might expect to see that growth rate coming in the fourth quarter.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. Great. And then, in Advanced Tech, do you expect the operating margin to moderate sequentially kind of on lower volume in the fourth quarter in line with what you typically see seasonally? I know you're going to have FX headwind again in the fourth quarter which will impact that margin, or does some of the restructuring benefits that you're going to get from the actions you've taken kind of offset that?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd say the restructuring benefits are mainly going to be things that we see next year. We're really not going to see much, I don't think in the fourth quarter. With regard to the operating margin in the Advanced Tech segment, I think, Greg tried to point out that we had a really unusual third quarter last year and that kind of distorted things. If you recall, last year in that segment, the first two quarters are pretty soft, we had a big concentration of orders in the third quarter, such that the other volumes were really strong and that had an impact in terms of volume leverage in that quarter, and then it moved back to a more traditional approach and I think we  what we see this year is the same kind of improvement in the third quarter, but not to the same level or the same peak.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher D. Glynn: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher D. Glynn: So, at ADS, the orders number is really truly striking in this global economic environment, and the adjusted for FX operating margin looks like it's hard getting back to some of the pre-plastics days as well. Are you finally seeing a pivot in that extrusion end market?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say, the orders in general in the plastics product lines are up nicely. I would say, what we're seeing right now is more capability build in that extrusion segment, sort of newer technology for capability, not for capacity. So I would say, not yet in terms of that turn on the capacity side. But we are seeing upgrades, we're seeing rebuilds, we're seeing capability enhancement on the extrusion side, and we're seeing continued solid business in the injection side, but no, we haven't seen the  in particular, we haven't seen the high-end buy X (30:14) turn yet.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay. And then, I know it's been covered, but on the ATS margin pressure year-over-year, despite a little bit of organic growth, just  the magnitude's a little tough to comprehend. I know you've addressed it qualitatively, but if we could just kind of revisit that topic, I think it would help.
Michael F. Hilton: Sure. Yeah. Let me take a stab at that, and then Greg can comment if he wants to add additional color. So we would expect in a normal quarter, or third quarter and typically, fourth quarter as well, but the third quarter in particular, to see kind of a high-20%s margin in that segment. So 32% last year, is probably three points or four points above what was typical. And that's really a function of the concentration of when the volume came in the last year. At the end, look at the sort of 24% this year, you've got one percentage point, that's the restructuring impact. And then there are three percentage points that are  or so, three percentage points to four percentage points that are linked to mix. When we say mix, basically our surface treating products and our test inspection products were up, a lot of that based on some new applications and new products. But our dispense volume was down significantly. And if you look at the  just the margins, by the nature of the scope of what we supply, and the markets those products are going into, you've got that sort of margin swing there that's having an impact. We're not seeing any pricing pressure, we're not losing any share, and you know that it's just a pretty significant swing in the mix that's had an impact there.
Christopher D. Glynn: And what's the foreground for orders and projects on the automated side, even from a touchy feely perspective of answering?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, I would say, we're seeing improvement in the dispense side of things relative to where we were last year, but year-over-year, it's likely not be as strong as last year. And if I look at where we were, say a quarter ago, we expected there were some signals that were showing more traditional applications picking up, and that didn't play out throughout the rest of the quarter. And I'd say from a mobile perspective, we've seen a couple of things, we've seen mix change in our customers. So growth in the sort of Chinese-based customers, who today are buying some equipment but not to the same extent that others would, has a sort of a key impact there as well. So those are a couple of things that kind of impacted the dispense business. And this is the year where we've seen more modest change in the sort of features and functions of phones in general. And so typically, when there is a more dramatic change, we'll see more of an uptick. But we are seeing in the most recent orders, a nice positive impact on the dispense side of things. But in general, for the year, it's probably not going to be where we would have hoped coming into the year.
Christopher D. Glynn: Thanks. It's very interesting.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company.
John E. Franzreb: Yeah, I just like to  maybe stick a little bit...
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
John E. Franzreb: Good morning. Just stick a little bit on, maybe the consumer nondurable side of the business. Can you talk a little bit about regional differences you may be seeing in order patterns that maybe you should be cognizant of?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, I would  so, a lot of the consumer nondurables fit within our Adhesives business. And if you look at the sort of the at the Adhesives business in general, the nonwovens part of the business has been pretty strong, the product assembly part of the business has been pretty strong. I'd say, packaging has been solid, with the exception of parts of Asia, and particularly China has been relatively soft year-over-year in the packaging area. So that's I think really a function of what you're seeing in the Chinese economy growth, but not robust growth. But everywhere else, it's been pretty solid. You can have some variations quarter to quarter based on large projects, but it's been a strong nonwovens year, it's been a strong product assembly year and a solid packaging year with the exception of overseeing in Asia, Japan softening and China being softer. And we're starting to see a pickup now in the plastic side of the business.
John E. Franzreb: Mike, now that the Asian as well as China demand, has that weakened in recent months or has it been weak through the balance of the year?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say, China in particular, started off weak, picked up and then kind of flattened out. So I would say, we're seeing a flattening in China, where we probably had expectations that China was going to pick up a little bit more. If you look at things like beer and beverage consumption and some other consumer products, they've been pretty weak in China, if you just look at sort of some of the other headlines. And part of that's linked to struggles with the transition to the consumption-based economy that they're having, which is really contributing to challenges meeting their GDP target. And that's one area where we see it playing out.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. And Greg, could you just elaborate a little bit more on the inventory bills you referenced earlier and the receivable collections?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah. I think it's  we have this kind of phenomena at the end of our second quarter, which generally our revenues are pretty consistent throughout the quarter. And at the end of the second quarter, we just had a lot of volume that went out late in the quarter that impacted our DSO metrics and we had a very strong than third quarter  I am sorry, I'm a quarter off here, we had a very strong collection in the following quarter. I expect the same trends to continue where, during the third quarter, we saw a heavy mix of revenue shipping later in the quarter. And I think we've got a bit of the same on the inventory, our DSI went up a couple days. But we're not pre-building a lot of inventory for volumes that are extending beyond next quarter shipment. So I expect to see the same trends will moderate back to typical DSI, DSO and our cash conversion will be strong in the fourth quarter.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys, good morning.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Just touching on  I know China sounds like it's a certainly not met expectation from your perspective. But any concerns about with the headlines we're seeing on the daily basis, customers are pushing out some of these projects that you're talking about working on and so forth at this point?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say, as a general statement, we're not seeing significant delays or push-outs. But I would say, in a couple of the areas where there a bigger ticket investments, so in, say for example, parts of our Industrial Coating area as an example, we are seeing some stretch in time between sort of bidding and decisions. So I'd say, in general, no, but in areas where it might be the higher capital decisions for customers we're seeing. We're hearing a little bit about push-outs, longer lead times, things like that. So, not so much in some of the shorter term decisions that would fall into other parts of the business. I'd also say that it probably has an impact in some of the more traditional electronics applications as well just as a consumer of those products that's not as robust as maybe we would have expected earlier in the year.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Sure. And then just, it sounds like as we head into the 2016, there's really no sort of the catalyst for the change in the environment. Any changes or thoughts of changes to the capital deployment plan that you have in place today?
Michael F. Hilton: So just to comment on the first part, I'd say, we're being prudent, so we would like to be surprised to the upside if things improve, but we're not seeing anything from an underlying macro standpoint that would dramatically change sort of the global economic environment there. I'd say, on the initiatives, we feel pretty good about our initiatives. From a capital deployment standpoint, I think our priorities would remain the same. We would look to increase our dividend. You noticed this year, we moderated in terms of the amount we increased it, in part because we're into the range that we would like to be in the sort of low 20%s. We would offset any kind of compensation-related share creep. We would look for acquisitions. We talked about two is really product line tuck-ins. We're seeing more of that kind of thing right now, and that's kind of tuck-ins or smaller acquisitions that we might have seen in the past. And then we do have an open share repurchase authorization and we utilize that in a staged fashion and we'd always like to keep that available. So, that's sort of our priority, no real change in that. As we said in the beginning of the year, we thought this year would be a modest year from an acquisition standpoint. We have a nice pipeline. They tend to be in the short term, likely to be smaller kinds of opportunities than some of the things we've looked at in the past.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich.
Liam D. Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, you talked about the tiering strategy in ATS going pretty well. With the emerging markets development sort of being choppy here, how has tiering strategy been progressing on the Adhesive side?
Michael F. Hilton: That's the most advanced of our businesses from a tiering approach, and it's going very well. If you look across the major parts of our business, particularly the nonwovens and the packaging, we've got multiple tiers, anywhere from three to six sort of product offerings at various stages, that's gone very well. This year has been a solid year for the high end, but it's also been a good year for the mid tier. And we've spent some money this year building out our engineering and support capability further in China to advance the mid-tier products, and that's meeting with good success there. And some of those products will support tiering outside of the Asia market as well. So I'd say, that's progressing well. We've made our first set of offerings now with the DIMA acquisition and moving that to Suzhou in the electronics side. We also have some tiered offerings in our coatings business as well. So I think if I can, good progress there, but we're most advanced in the Adhesive side.
Liam D. Burke: Great. And you mentioned the transition of the new plant for ATS in Colorado. Is that complete and how has that gone?
Michael F. Hilton: It's gone well. I think we still have a few pieces of equipment to move in, but the transition has gone very well. The facility is complete. We've got capacity there that not only supports the medical business, but supports some of our other EFD business. At the same time, we've also expanded the capability that came with Avalon in Mexico to support growth of that business and some of the things that we do from an assembly standpoint and other parts of the medical business. So that's all going as planned, very well.
Gregory A. Thaxton: So, Liam, just to add that, that's where we comment on approving our productivity or efficiency, it's these facilities that allow us to improve our overall operating performance.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Global Hunter.
Walter Scott Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Walter.
Walter Scott Liptak: Hi. Want to ask kind of a follow-on to the last one, and the charge you took this quarter looks like about $1.8 million. And is that sort of restructuring size as you do these actions that we should be expecting? And then kind of along those lines, which segments, which businesses do you see these productivity opportunities?
Michael F. Hilton: So in general, we see productivity opportunities across all of our businesses. I think we've talked in the past that there are a number of different things that we can do. One element of that is optimizing our supply and demand and that may impact some of the facilities, and that's what you've seen here in this quarter. And we expect that there may be some of that going for the exact timing and the impact, that will be a little bit clear as we go forward. But there's also lot of work that we're doing around segmentation of our business and streamlining in various other areas that will be helpful as well as we look at improving both effectiveness and efficiency. So there's opportunities across all of the businesses. Certain ones have more opportunity than others. I think as you've noticed, as we've made some acquisitions, there's been some opportunity there to integrate those more fully and we'll see some of that coming going forward.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. And with the relocation to Colorado benefits, you mentioned that you didn't think you'd see a benefit in the fourth quarter. In 2016, what do you think the positive benefits are to margins?
Michael F. Hilton: I'm not sure I want to comment specifically on that one, but we would expect  as we said, our overall goal is by 2017 to improve 200 basis points and some of that will come in 2016 with that action and probably some others. So don't necessarily want to say specifically on that one, but it's an important improvement for those set of product lines.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay. Okay. It sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to our host.
James R. Jaye: Okay.
Michael F. Hilton: Jim, I just want to make one sort of final comment. As we look at sort of the performance so far this year, we do think it is very solid given the sort of weaker environment. As we look at the activity and opportunity going forward, it still looks solid not as robust as we would have hoped coming into the year, but still looks solid. And our team is doing a good job of execution as we expect that we'll continue to execute and execute on these improvement opportunities going through the fourth quarter and then into 2016. So we appreciate all of your support and your attention here. Thank you.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Mike and Greg. This is Jim. I'll be around today, happy to take your calls and have a good weekend. Thanks again for attending the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-05-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, and good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Wednesday, May 20, 2015, Nordson's FY 2015 second quarter results and third quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until May 27, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 38836001. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our fiscal year 2015 second quarter results and a bit about our third quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for attending Nordson's 2015 second quarter conference call. The Nordson team continued to execute and deliver a solid quarter in a challenging macroeconomic environment. Sales, operating margin, and earnings per share were within our range of expectations. As we anticipated, negative currency translation compared to the same period a year ago was a significant headwind in the quarter, where sales and EPS were negatively impacted by $32 million and $0.15, respectively, compared to the second quarter last year. We gained momentum sequentially as the top line grew by 6% and operating margin improved by 2 percentage points compared to the first quarter of this year. We leveraged the increased revenue to deliver incremental margin of 63%. Looking ahead, we're forecasting a very good start to the second half of our year. Our current backlog, order rates and project activity are solid. And the midpoint of our third quarter outlook calls for organic growth of 8%, an excellent level in a macroeconomic environment that continues to be challenging. I'll speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide more detailed commentary on our current results and our third quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Sales in the quarter were $401 million, a decrease of 4% from the prior year's second quarter. This change in sales included a 1% increase in organic volume, a 3% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions, and an 8% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment sales volume decreased 2% as compared to the prior year second quarter. Organic growth was solid in product lines serving disposable hygiene, general product assembly, rigid packaging and injection molding end markets. We continued to see softness in extrusion and polymer compounding and pelletizing end markets. Organic volume growth in Europe and Japan was offset by softness in other regions. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 5% from the prior year second quarter, where organic volume decreased 4%, and the first year effect of acquisitions added 9%. In electronic end markets, strong organic growth for test and inspection solutions was offset by lower demand for automated dispensing systems. Growth for fluid management components serving medical and industrial end markets also was solid. Geographically, organic volume growth in the U.S., the Americas, and Japan was offset by softness in other regions. Sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment increased 23% compared to the second quarter a year ago. Organic growth was positive in most product lines driven by projects in consumer durable, automotive, industrial and container end markets. The organic growth was broad-based with double-digit growth in all regions except Asia-Pacific as compared to the same period a year ago. Gross margin for the total company in the second quarter was 55%. At prior year currency rates, gross margin would be 56% in the quarter, equal to the level delivered in the prior year second quarter. Operating profit in the quarter was $76 million, and operating margin was 19%. Currency negatively impacted operating margin by approximately 2 percentage points, compared to the second quarter a year ago. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 25% in the current quarter. Excluding the effects of currency as compared to the prior year, operating margin was 27%. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin was 19% in the second quarter, lower than the level of a year ago due to negative leverage on lower organic volume and the impact of currency, where operating margin performance for this segment was also negatively impacted by about 1% due to the stronger dollar as compared to the prior year. In the Industrial Coating segment, operating margin was 17% in the second quarter or 19%, excluding the negative impact of currency as compared to the prior year. This level of operating margin is an increase on both a sequential and year-over-year basis and reflects the strong operating leverage generated by this business on higher volume. Continuing down the income statement, our effective tax rate for the quarter was 31% and was impacted by currency and jurisdictional mix of income. Net income for the quarter was $49 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.80. As in previous quarters, we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. The current quarter's EBITDA was $92 million, down 14% as compared to the same period a year ago, due primarily to unfavorable currency. Cash flow from operations in the second quarter was $92 million, and free cash flow before dividends was $72 million, reflecting strong cash conversion of 147% of net income as we have trended back to our typical days sales outstanding level. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. We continued our balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter, distributing approximately $13 million in dividends and investing $66 million for the repurchase of shares. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid with net-debt-to-EBITDA at just under 2 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the second quarter. I'll now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with the Avalon and Dima acquisitions included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending May 10, 2015, order rates are up 3% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. As we've noted in the past, order growth rates can fluctuate from week-to-week. And for most of this fiscal year, 12-week order growth rates on a currency neutral basis have been much stronger as compared to the prior year, such as our backlog, excluding acquisitions, at the end of the second quarter is up 23% over the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, the latest 12-week orders were up 8% as compared to the same period in the prior year, where we generated order growth in most product lines. Disposable hygiene, rigid packaging and plastic pelletizing and compounding drove this growth. Current orders do contain a large project related to pelletizing that is not expected to ship in our current fiscal year. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates for the latest 12 weeks are down 10%, compared to the same period in the prior year. Strength in surface treatment systems for electronics and fluid management components for medical end markets was offset by softness in other product lines, where we do face somewhat challenging comparisons against the prior year. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 21% as compared to the prior year. Order rates were strong across nearly all product lines. Backlog at April 30, 2015 was approximately $287 million, an increase of 26% compared to April 30, 2014, inclusive of 23% organic growth and 3% growth due to the Avalon and Dima acquisitions. Current backlog increased 25%, compared to the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2015. These backlog amounts are calculated at April 30, 2015 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. We're forecasting sales to increase in the range of 2% to 6%, as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic growth of 6% to 10%. 2% growth from the first year effective acquisitions and a negative 6% impact related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation based on current exchange rates. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect third quarter gross margin to be 55% and operating margin is forecasted to be 24% with both negatively impacted by about 1 percentage point due to unfavorable currency rates as compared to the prior year. We're estimating third quarter interest expense of about $4.4 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30% resulting in third quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.19 to $1.30 per share. I'll add some data points for the rest of the year that may be helpful. For the second half of the year, we're forecasting an effective tax rate excluding discrete items to be about 30% based on current tax law. We also expect normal maintenance capital spending for the full year to be between $45 million to $50 million. In addition, we invested $15 million during the first half of the year for the construction of our new and previously described fluid management facility in Colorado. We anticipate additional capital expenditures of approximately $5 million on this project over the rest of the year. And the facility is targeted to begin operations during our third quarter where we will then exit a leased facility. To add a few additional comments related to currency, assuming exchange rates for the rest of fiscal 2015 remain where they are today, we expect currency translation to negatively impact full year sales by about 6%. In summary, we delivered a solid second quarter in line with our expectations and against the challenging macroeconomic backdrop. Our current backlog order rates and project activity lead us to forecast a strong third quarter. With that, I'll turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team again for their hard work. Our employees delivered a solid first half performance in a challenging economy. Their dedication and commitment to our customers continues to be a competitive advantage for Nordson. In terms of our outlook, as Greg mentioned, we're expecting about 8% organic growth in the third quarter compared to last year. And 24% operating margin at the midpoint of our guidance. This is terrific performance given the state of the global microenvironment. In our comments last quarter, we spoke about a number of large dollar projects involving several customers across multiple lines of business, has shaped our expectations for the second half of 2015. Several of these projects converted to orders during this quarter and will benefit sales in the second half of the year. Relative to previous full-year commentary, a unique application that we expected would translate into a significant order did not materialize. Changes in customer requirements, initiated by the customer during the final stages of the project, resulted in a reduction in the customers' forecasted demand for Nordson equipment. So, while we're not able to give a specific forecast beyond the quarter, further clarity around the scope of these large dollar opportunities leads us to moderate our full year view, such that we anticipate organic growth to be in the mid-single digit range for the year. Again, relative to the weak macroeconomic environment we're operating in, this is strong performance and puts Nordson on pace for another excellent year. In addition to growing the top line, our team remains focused on other strategic priorities, accelerating innovation in both products and process, pursuing acquisitive growth in our prioritized spaces, further optimizing the organization through Nordson's business system and building our bench strength through talent management and development initiatives. Overall, the fundamentals of our business are sound and we expect to continue to driving excellent results for the shareholders over the long term. At this time, let me turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Liam Burke with Wunderlich. Your line is open.
Liam D. Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, could you give us a little color on the polymer business by geography? It sounds like the pelletizing is coming back with a large order. But in terms of extrusion, how is that business going, and is one geography doing better than another?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd tell you, in general, if you look at the injection molding side, still very solid. I'd say if you look at the film side, particularly the high-end films, we're still dealing with the overcapacity situation. I'd say year-on-year, pelletizing is improving, the crayon board (16:50) business is improving relative to tough comps for last year. I'd say the one thing that we are seeing that's limiting, I'd say, U.S. growth in the business in general is the currency is impacting some of the U.S. OEMs from a competitive standpoint. For us, that may just shift the business somewhere else to Europe or Asia. But in the short term, that's having a bit of an impact. But generally, injection is solid and the extrusion is still relatively soft.
Liam D. Burke: Great. And on the ATS business, it sounds like medical is still providing the growth. Is that continuing? Are you seeing consistent growth out of that segment?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. We're very pleased with what we're seeing on the medical side across the three broad product areas that we have nice growth. We expect that business to continue to be a double-digit kind of growth and we're seeing that. So, we can't get our new facility up and running as fast as we can to support that growth.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
John E. Franzreb: Good morning, everyone.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
John E. Franzreb: Mike, just on this unique application that essentially didn't materialize, a couple of questions. One, it sounds like you had a high degree of confidence that was going to come in, but the customer  it sounds like some of these are not deferring it, but literally changed its plans. Can you give us a little color of what happened that made them change their entire strategy?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. What I would say is we work with this customer and other significant customers in a lot of development projects and activities. And in this particular case, we were well down the path of gearing up our manufacturing operations and our engineering and service and support to meet the demand, but they also continued to look for other innovative approaches to meet their same needs. In this particular example, they were able to find another way that for them required less of our equipment. So, it's not a loss to a competitor or anything like that. It's just they found a different way of doing that, discussed where we worked with on other applications and there's some new ones that are coming into to play as well. But it's just  we got pretty far down the path to the point where we were gearing up our manufacturing, engineering and service organization to support it. So, that led us to be pretty confident in that particular project.
John E. Franzreb: So, is there some costs that you don't expect to get back from this project, or do you think that it's transferable to other applications, you're just going to have to reposition it a little bit?
Michael F. Hilton: The latter, John. Yeah. It's not  we are very good at moving up and down to support our customers' requirements in all of our businesses. As customers have pushed us to reduce lead times, we've got pretty adept at how we can move up and down. And so, no, there's no significant cost hid here. We just redirect the effort.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. And one last question, I'll get back into queue. How much of your backlog is deliverable in 2015?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say most of it is deliverable in 2015.
John E. Franzreb: The fiscal year, I'm sorry?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I'd say most of it is deliverable in 2015. I think we've talked about in the past, there are sometimes in a variety of areas, it could be our coatings business, it could be in product assembly, certainly in the pelletizer business where you have either longer lead times or customers asking you to stage orders. And so, we've got one in particular on the pelletizer side that is probably a next year order just given the scope and size of it.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll get back into queue.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: On the order front, could you just give us a sense on how they trended throughout the quarter? I mean, did they get stronger that's giving you a little bit more confidence in the back half?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say, if you look at year-on-year comparisons, they were strong and well above last year I think, as Greg mentioned in his comments, till probably the last couple of weeks. That's not necessarily saying the level of the orders are decreasing. It's just that on a year-on-year comparison, we had a pretty significant step-up in this point last year in the seasonal pattern of our business. And we do expect orders to continue to pick up, albeit against tough comps over the next six weeks to 10 weeks or so. But we do expect across the businesses based on what we see from a project activity that to pick up. But I'd say it's really been the last couple of weeks where timing on some of this has kind of hit the  a little bit tougher comps from last year. But if you kind of looked area under the curve, it's been strong really for the whole year to this point.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Okay. And then just touching on acquisitions, could you just give us any color on the environment, kind of sizes of the things that you're looking at today? It's, obviously, giving you nice free cash flow and leverage ratio at the time.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. I'm having a little trouble hearing you, but I think you're asking about sort of the M&A environment, then I would say, we still have a strong project list out there. I think as we've talked before, you can never really control the timing. I think we also indicated there's likely to be sort of more smaller tuck-in product line opportunities this year. I'd say from the environment standpoint, with financing costs as cheap as they are, things still are going for a relative premium, and we know what makes sense for us and we know where we can deliver synergies, and that factors into our analysis of any particular project. That's, obviously, assuming it is across the strategic hurdle that it fits into one of our four priorities. But I'd say it's still a pretty robust marketplace out there from a seller's perspective.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Radigan with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Joe K. Radigan: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Joe.
Joe K. Radigan: A couple of questions on Advanced Tech. Mike, were you surprised by the organic revenue decline there this quarter? I know you've talked about some longer lead time projects and some phasing of orders, but the delta between the strong order growth last quarter and the revenue performance this quarter seems a little more drastic than typical.
Michael F. Hilton: No. I would say it really comes down to timing. A lot of this is impacted on the systems side by timing of some of the mobile product and market launches and so forth. And so I would say the first quarter was a little stronger than we typically see. I'd say the second quarter was at a reasonably high level, but year-on-year maybe a little softer. If you recall, last year we had a big step-up in the third and fourth quarter in the segment. And we expect to see the third and fourth quarter improve as well. So, no, not a big surprise because we can't always control the timing. Our customers really drive that. What I would say is we have in that segment a number of new products that are coming out. We've talked in the past about our new sort of front-end X-ray system. We got our third order there. We have some new prospects there. And, in general, our X-ray business with the new products are taking off. With Dima in the fold, we're launching our mid-tier product. We've gotten some orders from the sort of local Chinese mobile guys, although they're way down the curve in terms of sophistication relative to the global leaders. So I would say the thing we can't control is sort of the timing. I think we got good activity and development projects with key customers. And then, if you look outside of the systems part of the business, the general EFD-type applications are doing reasonably well and the medical business is going very strong.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. Great. And then you sort of touched on my follow-up question, but, I mean, you do have very challenging growth comps in the back half of the year, in the third quarter and fourth quarter. So given the decline in orders you saw this quarter, the 10% decline, is your growth expectation supported by the backlog? Or is this more of kind of to what you alluded to earlier and what Greg alluded to in terms of you have sort of an anomaly in sort of the growth rate because you had a strong order week falloff and get replaced by a weaker order week?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So it's kind of a little bit of both. So, obviously, the backlog is very strong because the prior orders through the quarter  for most of the quarter were really strong. So a lot of that business will be delivered in the third quarter. And then, when we look at the project activity across all of the businesses, we see solid project activity, and we expect a number of those things to come through, so we expect orders to pick up. We do have a challenging comp. We are expecting the second half of the year to exceed what we expect  what we saw last year even on that challenging comp. So I think our project activity is something that impacts probably later Q3 and Q4, and the big backlog we have, a lot of which will be delivered in Q3, gives us confidence in the Q3 expectations.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Jason M. Ursaner: Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Jason.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Jason.
Jason M. Ursaner: Just going back to the large project for a second where the customer went with a different approach. What end market was that going to?
Michael F. Hilton: I don't think we really want to kind of pinpoint that. But, from time-to-time, we have this across each of our businesses where we could have large projects that have an impact and sometimes that distorts things locally. But it's customer that we have continuing other projects with, we have new application work that we're doing with them. This was a sizable project that just didn't go through at the last minute.
Jason M. Ursaner: Okay. And in terms of the overall second half outlook, relative to what you had said last quarter about resuming organic growth in a double-digit range versus now, it's on the more mid single-digit. Is that project alone kind of adding up to that or this is a handful of things?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say that project is a significant part of that adjustment. I think if we look at the rest of the businesses and look at the geographies around the globe, we feel pretty good about where we're at. Particularly given a soft start to the year, I think if you look at where China is and what they're trying to do in general, we're starting to see things pick up there, geographically. So I would say that was a significant part of where we thought we're going to be for the year. And everything else looks pretty reasonable and even some of the areas that geographically you might be concerned about, like where China was early in the year, that's picking up. And Europe is looking more encouraging. The U.S., we'll have to see, this first quarter was just an anomaly, but we do expect things to pick up there as well.
Jason M. Ursaner: Okay. Sounds good. Appreciate it, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charley Brady with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is actually Patrick (29:47) standing in for Charley. Thanks for taking my question, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning. Just wanted to go to the Adhesive side. Last quarter's orders were 6%, it was pretty good. And then, I guess, this quarter 8% is even better. But that didn't really translate into sales. Were the 6% growth in orders last quarter also long-term like you just mentioned for this quarter? I sort of recall that it was more on the short side, but please correct me if I'm mistaken here.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah. This is Greg here. As you mentioned, both quarters were reasonably strong for that segment order growth rates. And the last quarter did have some project activity as well in those order rates that were going to benefit the second half of the year.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And I guess, just want to parse out the organic growth for that Adhesive side of the business. What is your expectation for the third quarter? Is it higher or lower than, I guess, the organic growth rate number that you put out there? Is that going to be, I guess, beneficial, maybe detrimental to that number?
Gregory A. Thaxton: So the order rates that we're seeing around 8%, and then obviously, that factors in to our overall outlook, and the midpoint of our outlook was also around 8%. So that's a significant contributor to it. The one order that  there's a one large pelletizer order that we said was it going to be in longer lead time that's going to fall into early next year. So, that is  part of that 8% that won't necessarily come in in third or fourth quarter, but the business in general looks pretty solid there. And we're expecting solid growth in the third quarter, and some of the areas geographically that were a little slower to start have picked up.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. That's perfect. And just one quick question on Asia-Pacific. Obviously, the reason I  actually you had a pretty good couple of quarters in terms of spot sales and orders and that really bucked the trend a little bit this quarter. Can you add a little more color there?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I would say  if you look around Asia and if you look at Japan, for example, we had a solid quarter this quarter. But from an order standpoint, it's a little bit softer. And it's a mix across businesses, and we do expect that to pick up and close out the year stronger. I'd say, similarly, if you'll look at Asia-Pacific, it's some mix of mobile business, some mix of other parts of our business like, for example, in China, things like beer and beverage packaging business is pretty soft, but starting to pick up again. So, I'd say China, in general, is probably the one area that was off to a softer start this year that now has really started to pick back up, and obviously there's a lot of activity at the government level to help to continue to drive the growth in that economy. And we see that picking up throughout the rest of the year.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And this is Greg. Just to add another comment. Some of this relates to the timing of orders and specifically in our Advanced Technology segment where there's a large customer base in Asia-Pacific. If you go back to last quarter within Asia-Pacific, we were showing order growth of 46%, and this quarter, we're down 15%. A portion of that is the timing of when we're receiving some of those orders, combined with, as Mike mentioned earlier, we are reaching a point of more challenging comp. So, I think if you look over the last couple of quarters at how we're doing within Asia-Pacific, they kind of tie to Mike's comments.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
John E. Franzreb: Yeah. Just a follow-up on a previous question. I know you didn't want to identify the end market. But could you identify what segment you expected that unique order to fall into?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I don't know that we want to call that out either, John. We're not trying to be mysterious here. It's just that with a lot of our larger customers, we do a lot of things under confidentiality agreements. And I don't necessarily want to disclose that from both a customer and a competitor standpoint. So, I'd rather not comment.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. Was there a significant amount of associated R&D spend related to this project that we could expect to drop off? Any color on the R&D front might be helpful.
Michael F. Hilton: No. I wouldn't say that  as we called out sort of two years ago when we're working on a whole new sort of platform, the back  the front-end X-ray machines for the semiconductor side that was kind of a unique whole new market. This would fall under the category of our continuous development work with customers. So, I wouldn't  what we've developed is not something we can't use with them or others  other places. So, it's not kind of a unique new platform that we're trying to develop like the automated X-ray machine for solder bumps and TSV.
John E. Franzreb: Right. Okay.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. John, just another couple of comments. So, this would have been more of a standard type product solution for us, which is the good news. And just getting back to your comment earlier on the costs that we may have occurred, as you likely know, for us, these volumes and meeting the demands of our customers are often just us putting more temporary labor in the factory to meet that demand. So, it's not that we incurred a lot of additional costs throughout the organization that we're going to be burdened with.
John E. Franzreb: Perfect. And on Industrial Coatings, good year of your revenue growth, but the margin was kind of flattish year-over-year. Was that entirely due to currency or is there a mix issue going on also?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, there's 2 percentage points, I think, Greg, called out that was currency.
Gregory A. Thaxton: That's correct.
Michael F. Hilton: So, that's pretty significant for 17%  I think, 17% would've been 19%, if not for the currency. So, that's pretty significant. From time-to-time, we do have mix, but I think far outweighed  the currency far outweighed anything in that.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. Great. Thank you very much, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Jim Jaye for closing remarks.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Amanda. And again, thank you, everybody, for joining our call. As always, I'll be available for questions throughout the day today and the rest of the week, and I look forward to talking with you. Everyone, enjoy your long holiday weekend. And we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-02-25 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Please begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Latoya, and good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Wednesday, February 25, 2015, on Nordson's FY 2015 first quarter results and second quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until March 4, 2015, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 797703908. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance, based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we'll have a question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our fiscal year 2015 first quarter results, and a bit about our second quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead?
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for attending Nordson's 2015 first quarter conference call. Nordson's team continue to perform at a high level and delivered record first quarter sales and earnings per share. I'm particularly pleased with the 8% organic sales volume growth we delivered in the quarter compared to the same period a year ago. This growth was broad-based across the majority of our product lines and geographies, and quite impressive given the challenges presented by a weak macroeconomic environment. Operating margin in the quarter improved 2 percentage points compared to the prior year, and diluted earnings per share grew 28% compared to the first quarter a year ago, the rate significantly outpacing the strong top line growth. While these results were strong, they were also impacted by the effect of negative currency translation compared to the first quarter a year ago. Looking ahead, our current backlog and order rates are very strong, up 14% for the latest 12 weeks as compared to prior year. We expect to see solid sequential revenue improvement in the second quarter, though year-over-year results will be impacted by currency headwinds, given the current exchange rates. I'll speak more about our outlook and current business trends in a few moments. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide more detailed commentary on our current results and our second quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Sales in the quarter were $379 million, an increase of 5.4% over the prior year's first quarter. This sales improvement included, and I'm rounding here, an 8% increase in organic volume, a 3% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions, and a 5% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. This strength of the organic growth in the quarter highlights the benefits of our business model, and the value that we bring to our customers. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment sales volume decreased less than 1% as compared to the prior-year first quarter. Organic growth was solid in product lines serving disposable hygiene, general product assembly, rigid packaging, and plastic injection, end markets. We continue to see softness in plastic extrusion, and polymer compounding and palletizing end markets. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 38% over the prior year first quarter. Organic volume growth was very strong at 29%, and the first year effect of the Avalon and Dima acquisitions added 10% growth. Organic growth was robust in automated dispensing product lines, serving mobile device end markets, and advanced semiconductor packaging applications, as well as our fluid management product lines serving electronics, general industrial assembly, and medical end markets. Sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment increased 4% compared to the first quarter a year ago. The growth was driven by demand for our cold materials and powder coating product lines. Gross margin for the total company in the first quarter was 55%, one percentage point higher than the level delivered in the prior year, primarily due to segment and product mix. Operating profit in the quarter was $63 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year, and operating margin was 17%, an improvement of 2 percentage points over the prior year's first quarter. Currency negatively impacted gross margin and operating margin in the quarter by approximately 1%. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 22% in the current quarter. Excluding the effects of currency, operating margin would have been equal to the prior year's performance on slightly lower sales volume. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin was 20% in the first quarter or 21% excluding short-term purchase accounting charges related to the step-up in value of acquired inventory. This is an improvement of 10 percentage points as compared to the same period a year ago  excuse me, and reflects strong operating leverage on the increased volume. Operating margin performance for the segment was also negatively impacted by about 1% due to currency. In the Industrial Coating segment, operating margin was 7% in the first quarter or 8% excluding the negative impact of currency. This performance reflects the seasonally lower first quarter sales volume, typical of this segment and a greater mix of engineered systems revenue compared to the same period a year ago. Given the typical seasonality pattern of this segment, we would expect to generate significant operating leverage on higher volume as the year progresses. Corporate expense in the quarter was up $1.7 million compared to the prior year. This increase is related to one-time settlement cost of a pension obligation for a business we sold in 2010. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 27%, reflecting the retroactive benefit of the 2014 R&D tax credit. Continuing down the income statement, net income for the quarter was $43 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.69, an increase of 28% over the last year's first quarter. As in previous quarters, we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. The current quarter's EBITDA was $79 million, up 16% as compared to the same period a year ago. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $26 million, and free cash flow before dividends was $9 million. Free cash flow compared to the prior year was impacted by an increase in working capital mostly related to the timing of receivable collections, and construction costs for our previously announced fluid management facility in Colorado. We expect free cash flow in the second quarter to benefit from the collection of these receivables as we trend back towards typical days sales outstanding. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. We continued our balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter, distributing approximately $14 million in dividends and investing $71 million for the repurchase of shares. Shares repurchased in the quarter more than offset the estimated dilutive effect of shares to be distributed for employee benefit programs during the year. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid, with net debt to EBITDA at 1.9 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the first quarter. I'll now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. As we typically do, we've provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks, as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis, and with the Avalon and Dima acquisitions, included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending February 15, 2015, order rates are up 14% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, order rates were up 6% over the last 12 weeks as compared to the same period in the prior year, where we generated order growth in all four Adhesive product lines. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates over the latest 12 weeks are up 18%, compared to the same period in the prior year, where we generated very strong growth rates in both our electronics system product lines, and fluid management product lines. Mobile device, advanced packaging, general industrial, and medical end markets are the primary drivers of growth for this segment. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 39%, as compared to the prior year. Order rates were strong across nearly all product lines. On a total company basis, orders were strong in all regions except Europe, which was down slightly from the prior year, due to the timing of larger nonwoven system orders and softness in certain end markets served by our polymer product lines. Backlog at January 31, 2015, was approximately $230 million, an increase of 8% compared to January 31 of 2014, and inclusive of 6% organic growth, and 2% growth due to the Avalon and Dima acquisitions. Current backlog increased 8% compared to the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. These backlog amounts are calculated at January 31, 2015 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2015. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of down 5% to down 1% as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic growth of down 1% to up 3%; 3% growth from the first year effective acquisitions and a negative 7% impact related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation based on current exchange rates. At the midpoint of our sales forecast, we expect second quarter gross margin to be 55%, and operating margin is forecasted to be 20%. We're estimating second quarter interest expense of about $4 million, and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in second quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings in the range of $0.80 per share to $0.90 per share. We're forecasting the full-year effective tax rate, excluding discrete items to be about 30% based on current tax law. We also expect normal maintenance capital spending for the full-year to be between $45 million to $50 million. In addition, we estimate approximately $13 million remaining in capital expenditures associated with the our previously announced investment for a new facility in Colorado, supporting our fluid management product lines, the bulk of which will be spent in the second quarter. To add a few additional comments related to currency, assuming exchange rates for the rest of fiscal 2015 remain where they are today, we expect currency translation to negatively impact full-year sales by about 5%. We also estimate currency will negatively impact full-year gross margin and operating margin by approximately 1%. In terms of the currency impact on earnings per share, our historical results have shown that, for every 1% change to sales related to currency translation, EPS is impacted approximately 2.5 times that amount in the same direction. This currency impact is due to the translation effect of converting foreign currency sales and costs back to U.S. dollars, which is not hedged. We have for a long-time hedged our cash exposure by using forward contracts. Getting back to first quarter results in summary, our global team delivered a very strong first quarter. We have strong order momentum leading into our second quarter, although the impact of negative currency translation, and the expected timing of shipments for this strong order activity will impact sales in the second quarter. Mike will share more comments relative to the current pace of the business, and our view of sales for fiscal 2015. With that, I'll turn the call over back to you, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, as Greg noted, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First, I want to thank our global team again for their hard work, their commitment to our customers propel Nordson to a very solid start to our year. At the midpoint of our second quarter guidance, we're expecting sequential sales growth of about 7%, which we should leverage to delivering operating margin approximately 3 percentage points higher than the first quarter, and earnings per share that are 23% higher than the first quarter. As Greg mentioned, on a year-over-year basis, we do expect currency translation to remain a significant headwind to revenue and earnings growth in the second quarter and full-year, given current exchange rates. Excluding this currency translation effect, our underlying business remains sound. Our backlog is solid and 12-week order rates are up a strong 14% compared to the same period a year ago. This growth in organic orders are impressive, given the challenging macroeconomic environment. Given the strength, you might expect our organic growth in the second quarter to exceed the 1% level we are forecasting at the midpoint of our guidance, as we typically have a strong correlation between order growth rates and the outlook for the next quarter. To help reconcile this, let me provide some additional color. First, timing does play a role here as the current backlog does include some longer lead time items that are expected to benefit the third quarter. This is particularly true within Advanced Technology and Industrial Coatings segments. In addition, we're optimistic as to our likely success on various projects that are not yet in our backlog, that should generate revenue beyond the second quarter. Our participation in these large dollar projects reflects the consultative approach in applications expertise we bring to our customers, and in several cases is being driven by innovative Nordson technology; due to the competitive reasons and customer confidentiality agreements regarded with the details we can share at this time. Directionally however, we can provide some general commentary. While we're not providing a specific forecast beyond our second quarter, we are optimistic that the current backlog, current order growth rates and project momentum will drive double-digit organic growth in the second half of our year, as compared to the prior year, resulting in high single-digit organic growth for the full-year. From a broader perspective, there are many reasons we continue to feel good about our longer-term prospects. While we can't control currency or other aspects of the macroeconomic environment, there are many things we can control, and that is where we were focused. The worst of these is innovative technology. Nordson earned 211 patents in 2014, driven by our envision process, we continue to introduce products that provide tangible benefits to our customers and are helping to drive organic growth. Second is continuous improvement. The Nordson Business System is our set of tools and best practices for driving improvement in all value streams across the company. We continue to ingrain the Business System in all we do. Third is, adding to the portfolio through targeted and strategic acquisitions. We continue to evaluate opportunities in the spaces we've talked about previously, and are working to optimize our integration processes deliver value faster. Finally, we're focused on making a strong team even better. Our talent management and development initiatives continue to gain momentum, ensuing we're equipped to capture the growth opportunities that we see. Overall, we're focused on providing our customers with the best experience in the industries we serve, and delivering excellent shareholder returns over the long-term. And we will continue our balanced approach for capital allocation, including returning value directly to shareholders with dividends and remaining prudent with regards to our share repurchase activity, and executing on appropriate acquisition opportunities. At this time, let me turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And the first question is from Joe Radigan of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Joe K. Radigan: Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Joe.
Joe K. Radigan: Mike, maybe we can start with your comments around the timing in the second quarter. Can you provide any more granularity in terms of growth by segment? I mean, obviously you've got some longer lead time stuffs in ICS, but orders are fairly good in Adhesives and that tends to be to be relatively short cycle, it sounds like there's some longer lead time stuff in Advanced Tech, but there's a  you have a relatively easy comp on a year-over-year basis, and orders were up almost 20% there, and that business has been growing at a double-digit clip here for, I think three consecutive quarters. So can you maybe reconcile the growth by what you're expecting by segment?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Joe, you did hit the  sort of the key areas that tend to have bigger projects, and bigger projects tend to be a little bit longer lead item. We also have projects in here where our customers have asked for sort of phased deliveries, so that's also a part of what we're seeing, and that falls into the two areas, in particular that you mentioned the Industrial Coatings and the Advanced Technology area. There are elements of our plastics business that have some longer lead time orders like our pelletizing business that also impact that. So from our perspective, what we've seen is more of systems orders, which is encouraging, and some of those are phased from a delivery standpoint, and that's really the main fact  chalk it up essentially timing.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. And then, in terms of the cadence of orders that you saw through the 12-week period, first quarter is typically a soft spot in the customer capital cycle, did you see orders  order rate strengthen in recent weeks, can you kind of talk about how that develop?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Yeah, Joe, as you know it's soft because of the holiday period, and it tends to  as we talked about in the past, orders tend to get to a low-point, sort of over the holidays, right after the New Year, and then start to pickup, and we absolutely did see that trend where each of the last few weeks has gotten stronger, generally across most businesses.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. And then, maybe lastly, in terms of the operating margin, at the midpoint of your guidance, I think you said, that's expected to be about 20%, that's almost a 250 basis point or about a 250 basis point decline year-over-year, some of that, probably 100 basis points of that I think is the FX, but is there a mix factor as well in the second quarter, in terms of the timing of engineered versus standard stuff?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So you've  currently have the currency is a significant impact. And then when you look at things, volume is relatively soft and actually down a little bit, so we get a little bit of a negative leverage there, relative to our spend base. So it's not anything that we're alarmed about, again, I think it's largely the timing issue on the organic piece, and we're really pretty encouraged by the prospects that we see in addition to orders already in hand. The currency piece, as Greg said, we're going to deal with over the next couple of quarters, and it is a strong headwind and it does impact margin to the tune of about 100 basis points, maybe a little more in the second quarter, and a little less as we go throughout the year.
Joe K. Radigan: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Charles D. Brady: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Charlie.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Hi, Charlie.
Charles D. Brady: Hey, could you give us a sense of what the parts business look like in the quarter, was there any  I guess, I'm trying to parse out if that had any meaningful impact on the margins, particularly at Adhesive Dispensing?
Michael F. Hilton: Year-over-year, it was pretty much the same as last year, around I think, 43% or 44%, Charlie, so no significant impact. Adhesives is one of the areas where we feel the biggest impact from a currency perspective.
Charles D. Brady: Right, Right. I just want to go back to Jeff's question on the segment organic growth, particularly on Adhesive Dispensing, because if I'm hearing you correctly, that one  and I guess, some in the plastics, but the majority of this long lead time or phase-in of orders is happening in ICS and Advanced Tech not so much in Adhesive Dispensing. So can you give us a sense of what you're looking for kind of on organic growth, just on the Adhesive Dispensing in Q2?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I think overall for the year we're thinking  the things will be consistent with our long-term kind of growth rates. I think in the second quarter, we're looking for things to be a little bit less, and then  and pick up based on some of the orders, trends coming in. So not too atypical when you look at sort of the more traditional Adhesives. The one area that is strong right now, but can be lumpy is the product assembly piece, because those tend to be bigger systems orders as well. But nothing atypical that we see here in terms of progress on that part of the business. We're engaged by what we see across most of the product lines.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Charlie, it's Greg. I'd just add, quarter-to-quarter we might see some trends  softening trend in one quarter versus the next. But as Mike mentioned, if we look at that business on a longer-term basis, kind of across the year, we'd expect to see kind of that  that typical mid single-digit kind of growth rate in Adhesives.
Charles D. Brady: Yeah. I guess, I'm just trying to square it up, because you had 6% order growth in the quarter, which was  that's a good solid order number for Adhesives. And I'm not hearing that you have a lot of longer lead time phase-in on the Adhesive side. So I'm  unless I'm hearing it incorrectly, so I guess, I'm just trying to square up 6% really good order growth, but maybe not translating into the same kind of growth organically in Q2, am I correct, or I mean, is there stuff that is being phased in like the other two segments, or am I missing a piece here?
Michael F. Hilton: It's mainly on the plastic side, that the  particularly the pelletizer business, that tends to be a little bit longer lead times. So you're seeing that sort of impacted in the near-term. There is nothing unusual in the Adhesive side. As Greg said, you can have some one quarter and other movement based on some orders, and typically those orders will be in the product assembly area that's been pretty strong for us here of late. So nothing unusual there, but we do have our orders in the plastic side, that are little bit longer lead time and that's pulling that number down in the short-term.
Charles D. Brady: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, good morning.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Hi, Allison.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Just want to go back to operating margins, particularly as we look to the back half, you talked about currency headwinds, and it sounds like there's some system headwind there. I'm just trying to marry that with the expected volume improvement. I mean, is it going to be, I mean, should we sort of expect that acceleration on the EBIT side as well?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, I think you know that we've got tremendous incremental margin leverage on volume. So in a typical year, we'll see margin improve from the first quarter throughout the year as volumes improve just on a seasonal basis, and this year based on some of these orders stretching into the third quarter, and what we see from a project list and some new technology introductions, we expect to see that volume lift later in the year, and with that you'll see the margin lift that we typically see across the quarters with volume.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Okay. And then just, even on the second half, you noted some confidence in the second half acceleration in top line growth, is there any segment or end market specifically that you're probably a little bit more concerned about as we look to the back half of the year?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say the growth across most of our segments looks solid. There could be certain end markets that are a little soft here, but we're making them up in others. I'd say, more concern would be around geography, and just because some of the geographies are struggling from a economic perspective. So when you think about the Americas, particularly Latin America, Europe is not as robust and Japan is more of a mixed bag. That said, some of the other geographies have been considerably stronger. So I'd say, it's more of a mixed bag on geography than end market applications. There are obviously some that are pretty strong, and things like auto, medical, electronics, applications including wireless, those kind of things are generally pretty strong. We've got new areas where we're interested in, that are picking up, but for us also, we're introducing a lot of new products this year, I would categorize in the singles category, a nice new incremental growth opportunities or recapitalization opportunities, that I think will also help in our  getting some traction.
Allison A. Poliniak-Cusic: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from the Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher D. Glynn: Thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher D. Glynn: I was  wanted to go into the second half margin outlook a little bit more, I think in the past, maybe you've offered directional guidance on quantifying a range or expectation for sequential incremental margins. So given the volume outlook, it's a little different modeling this year, given the FX dynamics. So wondering if you could kind of offer some kind of vague or specific rule of thumb?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. I mean the incremental margins are significant as the volume grows throughout the year. It does depend a little bit on mix. So for example, the Industrial Coatings, given the nature of scope what we provide there, while they have very good incremental margins that are probably in the 30% kind of range, are different than what we might see in technology, which would be higher and traditional adhesives would be higher yet. So it does depend a little bit on the mix. But we would expect to see strong incremental margins across each of the businesses as it grows throughout the year. You can see from the order rates that we're providing, Industrial Coatings is stepping up nicely and the Advanced Technology is stepping up nicely, so those mix effects will be a little bit lower than, say if all the Adhesives business was stepping up. But we would expect a pretty typical pattern as the volume grows up  grows for the rest of the year, only to be moderated a little bit by mix.
Christopher D. Glynn: Thanks, that's helpful. And then at ADS, just wondering how you'd score the investments in the plastics processing at this point, I think EDI and Xaloy are coming up under  on about three years with Nordson. And just wondering, if there is any change to your view of the long-term returns and update on how you get there, the integrations et cetera?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. Maybe I'll just start with a comment on the  for the two major end markets that support all that business. As Greg mentioned in his comments, the plastic injection part of the end markets are doing well, and when you think about the products that are being made there, it goes into auto, it goes into electronics, it goes into medical, those areas are all doing pretty well. When you look at the film side of the business, the film side of the business, particularly the high-end film side of the business is really struggling, while there's some increase in demand. Europe slowing, China slowing, Latin America slowing really hurt the sort of supply/demand situation on the film business. So I'd say, we're still struggling pretty significantly on the film business that affects the dyes business the most. A different application like fluid coatings in the dyes business is doing really well, but the bigger application is struggling. So we're obviously  we're behind where we had hoped to be. And the supply/demand imbalance has not resolved itself yet. And we could be looking at another year or two before that's completely resolved, and that's a function really of the soft growth primarily outside the U.S. on the demand side at this point. Now, as far as integration goes, we made, I think great progress on the integration of those businesses. We're focused on new products in sort of other markets that we haven't played in as much, particularly on the film side, and we're getting some traction there, and we've built up our international capability, it's allowing us to do well, particularly in Asia. So we're encouraged by that. But in the short-term, we're obviously behind where we thought we would be.
Christopher D. Glynn: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Jason Ursaner of CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Jason M. Ursaner: Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey Jason.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Jason M. Ursaner: I had a little trouble connecting and missed some of the notes around each segment. Organic growth and the order rates, obviously extremely strong, just wondering maybe if you could walk through which divisions in the Tech segment were driving that in the 12-week orders?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. It's pretty much across the  across the board. So if you look at  and the electronics part of the business is doing well in wireless, but also in more traditional advanced packaging applications have started to pick up. And if you look at some of the Gartner data, it's encouraging in that area. But also auto electronics has been strong. And then, outside of the electronics space, a lot of general industry applications that would affect our EFD business are strong. We have a bunch of new products coming into play across our EFD business as well as our systems business. And then the medical businesses aren't really well  really driven by the broadening of our product line, and some international growth now as well. So really across the board, that looks very encouraging at the moment.
Jason M. Ursaner: Okay. And the traditional PC market, I know that, yeah, it's been a struggle, but came back to growth  at least in global numbers, and especially in the domestic market. Have you seen any of that translate in some of the more, I guess legacy applications in PC and server?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. We are seeing that, my comment on advanced packaging is directly related to PC, desktop, server kind of applications, both with end users and then sort of the outsourced manufacturers, we saw some encouraging orders coming through. So we're certainly starting to see that.
Jason M. Ursaner: Okay. And the investments you've been making in Tech, just any update on kind of where those stand, and any success on the curing side issue (35:15)?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So we have, on the wafer project we launched, we picked up our second big order in that business, and we have probably more than 10 significant prospects that we expect to see signed this year. So we're getting good  I think good traction on that. We're also taking advantage of expanding our local China manufacturing applications, and we have a number of new products across the  that particular systems base that we're introducing this year that we are seeing some good traction, and so it's encouraging at this point.
Jason M. Ursaner: Okay, I appreciate the commentary, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Jason Rodgers of Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
Jason A. Rodgers: Yes, I was wondering if you can give an update on the Freedom and Liberty systems and how that  how they play into your forecast for strong second half of the year?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, we've had an uptick on both of those products in the last couple of quarters. I think what we used to characterize last year is probably revenue exceeded expectations, volume didn't quite exceed expectations. I think that is continuing, but we have seen an uptick. The one we issue we mentioned was the availability of new adhesives that would further enhance the benefit of those particular new products has really not come to market yet. And some of the things going on in the oil industry right now, and the supply chain probably delayed that a little bit further, but they're clearly, Freedom is top of the line, Liberty is sort of our next tiered position and we have a number of other tiered positions. So we feel pretty good about what we have to offer broadly, and then we've only recently started to offer those products in Asia. So I'd say, we're at expectations on those products, not accelerating the way we might have hoped, based on the availability of the adhesives.
Jason A. Rodgers: And Greg, the pension settlement expense that you have in your press release, is that included in the selling and admin line of the income statement?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah, that is  in the segment detail, that's in corporate spending.
Jason A. Rodgers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Walter Liptak of Global Hunter. Your line is open.
Walter Scott Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Walt.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Walter Scott Liptak: I wanted to ask about the coatings business, very strong orders there and this is the third quarter that we've seen of the strong order trend, and as I think back, through the past we've seen periods like this before, where you kind of take on a couple of quarters of increasing orders, and then my recollection is that, then it starts to slow down again. So I guess, I'd like to get some color on what's driving it, what the visibility looks like as we go further into 2015?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so of course, Walt. Yeah. So I would say, obviously the business itself is linked to the business cycle, and that's, I think, what you're referring to in your comments. That said, there are a number of markets that have been strong, so auto for example is one that's been strong for us. With some of our, cold materials acquisition in the Sealant Equipment business, we've been able to take that  now starting to take that internationally, we're seeing some uptick there. And we've talked about in the past  oil and gas exploration, and what that's doing from pipe coating application, pipe coating. So I would say solid, but even in businesses that are more traditional like our container business, we're seeing good order growth, some of that is upgrades and recapitalization, which new technology helps. So I'd say, generally it's fairly broad-based, I'd say the areas that are still a little bit  a little bit slow would be the things like coatings for recreational products, for some office furniture, things like appliances kind of go up and down a little bit, but they're generally solid. So, I'd say the key drivers are the ones, that I've talked about here, and we've got as you look at the orders, some pretty good visibility, and  at least in the near-term. And when we look at our projects list, really across the globe, we see some pretty good activity.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay, great. It sounds good. And then just a general one on currency. Is there any fundamental impact on currency like, are you any less competitive in any markets because of the stronger dollar?
Michael F. Hilton: No. If you look at  we're pretty well distributed from a supply chain standpoint, so it's really the translation impacts that you're looking at there. So no, we're not seeing any significant competitive threats there. But the degree of change particularly in Europe in the end, and to a lesser extent, the pound has impacted the translation effect, but we're not seeing a competitive dynamic given the balance in our supply chain.
Walter Scott Liptak: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions in queue at this time. Would you like to close with any closing remarks?
James R. Jaye: Yes. This is Jim again. Thank you, everybody for joining the call. I do have some calls scheduled with some of you later today, I'm around, and I'll be around tomorrow as well to take your call. So again, thank you. And I appreciate your ongoing interest in Nordson. Have a good day.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-12-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Candis and good morning and happy holidays to all those listening. This is Jim Jaye, Nordsons Director of Investor Relations. I am here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Wed like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, December 12, 2014 on Nordsons fourth quarter results and first quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until December 19, which can be accessed by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 38856478. During this conference call, forward-looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the Companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Id now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our fiscal year 2014 fourth quarter and full-year results and a bit about our first quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Thank you for attending Nordsons 2014 fourth quarter conference call. Nordsons global team continue to meet our customer needs at the highest level and delivered record fourth quarter sales, operating profit and earnings per share. I am particularly pleased with the 13% organic sales volume growth we delivered in the quarter compared to the same period a year ago. This growth was broad-based across all segments and geographies. Operating margin in the quarter was 23%, two percentage points higher than the prior years fourth quarter and diluted earnings per share grew by 23% compared to the fourth quarter a year ago, the rate significantly outpacing the strong top line growth. Free cash flow in the quarter was strong and from a balance sheet perspective we remained very liquid with significant capacity for appropriate capital deployment. We continued to create value for our shareholders through our balanced approach to capital deployment. During the quarter we closed on the acquisitions of Avalon Laboratories and Dima Group to expand our positions in medical and electronic end markets. We increased our annual dividend and we continue to prudently invest in the repurchase of Nordsons shares. Our Board of Directors recently authorized a new $300 million share repurchase program effective December 16. We will provide more details on our share repurchase activities later in the call. For the full fiscal year, Nordons set company records for sales, operating profit and earnings per share, while executing on a variety of strategic initiatives that will help sustain our success. Full year organic sales growth was 6% compared to last year, relatively strong performance against the weak macroeconomic environment. Looking ahead our current backlog and order rates are solid leading us to expect the solid first quarter inline with normal seasonality of our business. I will share additional comments about our current business trends and our near-term outlook momentarily. But first, I will turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our current results and our first quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Sales in the quarter were $469 million, an increase of 14% over the prior year fourth quarter. This sales improvement included a 13% increase in organic volume, a 3% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions and a 2% decrease related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment sales volume increased 9% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Organic volume growth was 7% and the first year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition added growth of 2%. We generated organic growth in every product line led by strength in disposable hygiene, polymer processing and general product assembly end markets, and in every geography with the exception of the Americas. Sales volume in the advanced technology segment increased 28% over the prior year fourth quarter. Organic volume growth was very strong at 21% and the first year effect of the Avalon and Dima acquisitions added 7% growth. The organic growth was robust in all of the segments product lines in electronics end markets, demand for our automated dispensing, test and inspection, and surface treatment equipment was driven by a diverse set of applications in mobile devices, advanced semiconductor packaging and automotive electronics. Demand also remained very robust in our medical and industrial end markets, where we continued to see excellent growth in our semi-automated dispensing systems and single-use fluid management components. Geographically this segment delivered double-digit organic growth in every region with the exception of the United States. Sales volume in the Industrial Coating segment increased 16% compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. The growth was driven by demand for our cold material dispensing equipment in automotive and industrial applications, coating equipment for food and beverage can applications and UV curing equipment for electronics applications. The U.S., Europe and Asia-Pacific regions drove the segment growth which was partially offset by software conditions in Japan and the Americas. Gross margin for the total company in the fourth quarter was 55% equal to the level delivered in the prior year despite a higher mix of system revenue were systems comprised 60% of revenue in the current quarter. Operating profit in the fourth quarter was a $106 million an increase of 22% over the prior year and operating margin was 23% as Mike noted an improvement of two percentage points over the prior years fourth quarter. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 25% in the current quarter. On a normalized basis to exclude non-recurring costs in both years operating margin in the current quarter was 26% compared to 27% in the same period a year ago the difference largely attributable to product mix and the negative effects of currency translation. For the full year the Adhesive segments operating margin in fiscal 2014 was 26% equal to the level of a year ago an inclusive of a full year of the Kreyenborg acquisition. Within the Advanced Technology segment operating margin was 26% in the fourth quarter an improvement of five percentage points as compared to the same period a year ago. On a normalized basis to exclude non-recurring costs the current quarters operating margin within this segment was 27% up six percentage points over the prior years fourth quarter. The improvement reflects our ability to leverage increased sales volume and ongoing continues improvement efforts. In the Industrial Coating segment operating margin was 22% in the fourth quarter an improvement of five percentage points over the same period a year ago. This is outstanding performance for this segment which generally has a higher mix of larger dollar, lower engineered systems than the other segments. The improvement over the prior years fourth quarter reflects our ability to leverage increased sales volume and our continuous improvement initiatives. Continuing down the income statement, net income for the quarter was $72 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share is were $1.13 an increase of 23% over last years fourth quarter. As in previous quarters we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one time items. On a normalized basis that is to exclude one time items in both years. Fourth quarter earnings per share increased 24% over the prior years fourth quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was $123 million up 20% as compared to the same period a year ago. Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was $105 million and free cash flow before dividends was $90 million an increase of 46% over the years fourth quarter and free cash before dividends was 124% of net income reflecting very strong cash conversion in the quarter. We included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. We continued our balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter investing $72 million for the repurchase of shares distributing approximately $14 million in dividends and closing on the acquisitions of Avalon Laboratories and Dima Group B.V. From a balance sheet perspective we've remained very liquid with net debt to EBITDA at 1.8 times trailing 12 month EBITDA as of the end of the fourth quarter and we have approximately $167 million available from cash in our current revolving credit facility. As we announced earlier t this month, Nordsons Board of Directors approved a dividend for the first quarter of fiscal 2015 and authorized a new $300 million share repurchase program effective December 16. As of today, we will have nearly exhausted a $200 million authorization from August of 2013 where approximately $2.7 million shares have been repurchased. We expect to maintain our disciplined approach to repurchases, offsetting the dilutive effect of benefit programs first and buying additional shares opportunistically. We will use the pricing grid within a 10b5 repurchase program, whereby we will not repurchase shares over a certain share price. Over the last four fiscal years, we have repurchased app $414 million or 11% of Nordsons outstanding shares at a discount of approximately 28% compared to our October 31, 2014 fourth quarter closing price. Ill provide a few comments on our full year results. Sales for fiscal 2014 were record $1.7 billion and increase of 10% compared to fiscal year 2013. This increase included a 6% increase in organic volumes, a 5% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative 1% impact related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior year. Full year operating profit was $367 million, net income was $247 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.84 all of which are full year records for Nordson. On a normalized basis to exclude non-recurring items in both years diluted earnings per share for the year were $3.88 compared to $3.38 a year ago and increase of 15%. Full year EBITDA was $427 million, a 12% increase over the prior year and free cash before dividends was $245 million or 99% of net income again reflective of strong cash conversion. Dividends paid in fiscal 2014 were $48 million and shares repurchased under the repurchased program were $164 million. Ill now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2015. As we typically do, weve provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with the Avalon and Dima acquisitions, included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending December 07, 2014, order rates are up 10% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment order rates were up 1% over the last 12 weeks as compared to the same period in the prior year. Strength in rigid packaging, disposable hygiene and general product assembly end markets was offset by mixed demand in other end markets. In the Advanced Technology segment, order rates over the latest 12 weeks are up 23% compared to the same period in the prior year. Demand remains strong for our automated dispensing equipment supporting diverse applications in mobile devices, advanced semiconductor packaging and automotive electronics. Demand was also strong for fluid management products related to medical and industrial end markets. Within the industrial coating segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 18% as compared to the prior year. Orders were strongest for cold material dispensing systems, supporting automotive and general industrial end markets. On a geographic basis, total company orders were strong in Asia Pacific, Europe, and the U.S. and softer in the Americas and Japan. Backlog at October 31, 2014 was approximately $223 million an increase of 6% compared to October 31 of 2013 and inclusive of 4% organic growth and 2% growth due to the Avalon and Dima acquisitions. Backlog amounts are calculated at October 31, 2014 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2015. We are forecasting sales growth to be in the range of 5% to 9% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic growth of 6% to 10%, 3% growth from the first year effective acquisitions and a negative 4% impact related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. At the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect first quarter gross margin to be 55% and operating margin is forecasted to be 16%. We are estimating first quarter interest expense of about $4 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30% resulting in first quarter forecast and GAAP diluted earnings in the range of $0.60 per share to $0.70 share inclusive of a $0.01 per share charge related to the step-up in the value of acquired inventory. The midpoint of this range for diluted earnings per share represents an increase of 20% over the prior years first quarter. In addition, this first quarter outlook for following fiscal 2015 full year data points maybe helpful for modeling purposes. For our effective tax rate we are forecasting the full year rate to be about 30% based on current tax law. For capital spending in 2015 we are forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be between $45 million to $50 million slightly lower than 3% of 2014 sales. In addition, we estimate approximately $20 million in capital expenditures associated with our previously announced investment for a new facility in Colorado supporting our fluid management product lines. In summary, our global team delivered record fourth quarter and full year results and our outlook for the first quarter of 2015 is strong given the current macroeconomic environment. With that, I will turn the call over back to you, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. First I want to thank our global team again for their hard work their commitment to our customers and to continuous improvement propelled Nordson to an excellent fourth quarter and another record year. At the midpoint of our first quarter guidance, we are expecting organic sales volume growth of 8% over the prior years first quarter. We expect to leverage this growth to deliver improvement in operating margin and in earnings per share as compared to last years first quarter. From a broader perspective Nordsons future remains very bright as we begin fiscal 2015. While the short-term trajectory of the global economy is hard to predict, our long-term strategy remains the same. We are focused on delivering top quartile shareholder returns over the long-term by growing and extending our high-value business model focused on precision dispensing and adjacent technologies. That model includes leading technology, extensive applications know-how and unparalleled global support and service. Our specific priorities for 2015 are extension of our recent efforts, clear and straight-forward. First is to drive organic growth, our goal remains to outpace global GDP. Next is a continuous focus on innovation this includes products and processes. Third, we aim to further improve and integrate recent acquisitions. In addition, our acquisition pipeline remains robust and we look to add additional pieces to the portfolio as well. Fourth, we want to further ingrain continuous improvement the other Nordsons Business System. And finally, we continue to enhance our leadership and employee development initiatives. Overall the many applications we touch everyday give us a great opportunity in the years ahead. Nordsons global team remains committed to creating the best customer experience and helping our customer succeed. We expect to be continuing to provide excellent returns for our shareholders over the long-term. At this time, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Joe Radigan of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Joseph K. Radigan: Thank you good morning guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph K. Radigan: Maybe lets start with Advanced Tech, how much of the organic growth in the quarter there and maybe some of the strengths in your order growth is coming from new products. I know you talked about, that the inline ex-rate product you thought that could be pretty significant over time are you seeing significant uptick in that or can you maybe bucket around mobile traditional backend in the other niches where you are seeing growth in Advanced Tech?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, maybe Ill start with last point first Joe. Mobile continues to be a strong part of the equation, but we did see some significant uptick in the quarter and certainly in the order rates in terms of advanced semiconductor packaging and quite frankly with the general improvement in the auto market we're seeing more and more electronics go into their and a lot of our applications around things like conformal coating support that auto market and then we've seen some increase in other niches as well. So its starting to be a bit more broad based at least in this recent quarter and with the orders than maybe it has been over the last year and a half. You will see if thats sustainable but thats certainly an encouraging sign and kind of inline with what folks like Gartner are starting to predict for next year. As far as new products, we have a number of new products coming out this year, but we have some traction with some new dispense products in the electronic side of things. I think we mentioned last time, we got our first order in terms of the new wafer inspection tool, we expect another one to come through here shortly and we have nice prospect list that should fill out the rest of the I guess the year. And of course we are adding capability to address the tiering side of things in that business with expanding our capability in Suzhou and quite frankly the Dima acquisition is a product line extension for us that will give us a mid-tier product to support that activity. And then finally in that area, our medical business is doing really well, we're expanding our product lines, we're getting good traction with those expanded products lines and our core EFD business has also been very solid both in electronics and in the general markets. So a pretty good story all around at this point a little different than the beginning of the year.
Joseph K. Radigan: Yes, okay. And then in industrial coatings, I mean a very impressive margin performance there kudos to Doug and his team there, but how much of that is mix versus productivity improvement, favorable raw materials, I know one you - that thats a volume based business and then sort of going forward orders were up 18% for the second quarter in a row. What's the typical order to that conversion time there, do you expect that strong order growth to carrying that revenue growth into the first quarter, because which is typically seasonally slower.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so a couple of things, as you know the industrial coatings teams have been working hard over the last few years to drive continuous improvement and prove the overall cost performance of that business not only on the sort of current day-to-day activity, but as we introduce products into the marketplace and so it done a really nice job there and like all of our businesses there is good volume leverage and weve saw an extraordinary large quarter, probably $8 million to $10 million higher than anything that weve seen before, thats on the strength of things like strong auto, some appliances theyve activated in the U.S. a good container recapitalization business. And then going forward the orders continue to be strong in those areas as well as a couple of others, the typical lead times for those systems related businesses are longer than most of our businesses as they are in that sort of way to 12-week timeframe, but obviously they factor into our expectations in the first quarter.
Joseph K. Radigan: Okay, and then maybe lastly for Greg, corporate expense was a little elevated in the quarter I am assuming there is some deal cost in there from the acquisitions that you did, but how should we think about the run rate going forward for corporate expense?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, I think the run rate that we think about fiscal 2015 will be in that $40 million range similar to what we saw in the fiscal 2014.
Joseph K. Radigan: Okay, thank you guys.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of John Franzreb of Sidoti. Your line is now open.
John E. Franzreb: Good morning guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, John.
John E. Franzreb: Just going back to Advanced Tech. Mike it sounds like the growth here is more coming from maybe in new market opportunities in automotive rather than a major shift in custom product development time in mobile. Is that the case or you might not hearing this correctly?
Michael F. Hilton: No, I would say weve had this quarter and the order rates look like a more balanced portfolio than maybe saw on the last quarter or two where mobile is the primary driver. So the Auto business globally has been improving for a number of years and what youre seeing is an increase penetration of electronics type products into auto and thats started more recently to translate into capacity. And so as it translates into capacity we see some opportunities and I mentioned conformal coating thats just one application where we support that activity. So I think thats good and then on the mobile remains strong and everybody is trying to come up with wearable products that were seeing some opportunity there. And I think as we mentioned last time we started to get some traction penetrating the Chinese mobile market, its early and its not a 100% clear what degree of automation that will go to, but we got our first orders there. So thats encouraging as well.
John E. Franzreb: Okay.
Michael F. Hilton: Just its not to loose track, its not all electronics. Our general industry fluid management, the components business has been strong and the medical business has been particularly strong. So right now there is a nice balance, a little bumpier earlier on as the mobile waves come through, but in this latest quarter and the near-term its a little bit more balanced.
John E. Franzreb: Right, I mean thats kind of how I figured it, thats how the business would be more steady state, but the variance would largely come from what were seeing in mobile and having mobile strong this time of year, it seems counter intuitive to me? Thanks.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, its a little bit different than just the phone launches, because there are a whole bunch of people trying to do more, more wearables, so were seeing some orders from that as well. But the more traditional advanced semiconductor packaging, we started to see that tick up as well and as I mentioned Gardner's forecasting a pretty robust year for next year, its never a 100% correct, and then some of those local Chinese wins are helping a bit so.
John E. Franzreb: Okay, fair enough. And in Adhesive dispensing, it sound like in your press release that the polymer processing business was again improving for the second consecutive quarter, but the margin profile may suggest thats not the case, its by [X] is still a drag can you just walk us where we are in the recovery of that business?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say maybe Ill just touch on the overall margin piece for adhesives first and then Ill answer the second part of that question. The overall margins for adhesive in the quarter were impacted by two things. One currency, without currency on a normalized basis would be flat year-over-year. We also took a bit of a write-off as we wound down part of our historical web coating business in Europe. And so those two things impacted the margin in the short-term currency first, and then that write-down and thats with a greater mix of systems versus parts in general and a greater mix of sort of things like nonwovens product assembly and the polymer area that tend to be more systems oriented and say package much tends to be more components. I would say if you look at polymer processing, right now the injection molding end markets are solid, film side of business is still sluggish and still a drag. In general I would say the slowdown in Europe, the slowdown in China, the slowdown in the Americas are not helping that from a order perspective, because its really impacting the capital expenditure side of things, and on a demand side its not chewing up the capacity fast enough. So thats still a little bit of drag on the film side, the injection side is pretty solid.
John E. Franzreb: Okay. And one last question since you opened the door. Greg could you kind of walk us through the currency impact on the P&L. Just some of the puts and takes we should be cognizant of given the recent moves in the year on the Yen.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, what you see in the quarter and clearly thats embedded in our guidance for the first quarter is the translation effect primarily Euro and the Yen. And so in the current quarter as Mike mentioned weve got a heavier exposure within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, so X the currency effect we would have been neutralize Mike mentioned to prior year and in the current quarter it was drag on EPS by about $0.04 per share. Now when we guide to currency impact of 4% on the top line for the first quarter, weve provided some modeling that kind of coordinate between the percentage impact on sales and percentage impact on prior EPS and so. We see that to be, kind of mid cents to high single-digit cents per share impact in the first quarter thats kind of our rule of thumb that we use and we include some of that on our investor presentation.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so if you look at sort of 1% revenue hit, you might be rule of thumb 2.5% on the earnings side.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Right.
John E. Franzreb: Perfect. Thank you very much guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kevin R. Maczka: Thanks good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Kevin.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin R. Maczka: Can we - again going back to Advanced Tech considering the deals that weve just done here the Avalon and the Dima and the growth rates that weve seen in all these various components Mike and can you size for us where that mix spend now in terms of mobile and auto and fluid management medical some of the big buckets there. What is the mix look like now?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, if you look at the sort of the total segment kind of - roughly half of it would fall into what we call our systems business and thats electronic systems business as largely electronics and about half of it would fall in two more of the component or semi-automated side of things, which have a bit of electronics overall in it.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And thats what we refer to as fluid management.
Michael F. Hilton: Thats what we refer to as fluid management. So roughly sort of half and half, within fluid management side of things we have electronic piece weve got a general industry piece and we have a medical piece. The medical piece is growing, probably next year well be somewhere in the range thats $70 million, $80 million $100 kind of range on the medical piece alone. The general industry pies is a broad based set of applications, everything from materials that are packed and filled that go into caulking applications to, herbicide, pesticide, dispensing to a variety of different manufacturing activities largely related to sort of plastic components. On the electronics side, we're still more heavily weighted to the mobile, going back several years it might have been a third mobile, a third components sort of mixed markets and if they are sort of traditional semiconductor packaging, its considerably more skewed to the mobile. So its probably closer to 50% or so, but we're seeing here more recently is that more traditional packaging piece starting to come back. We've seen a few starts and stops before people are a little bit more optimistic right now, if thats going to continue and we're certainly seeing orders in those areas like advanced semi-packaging and some of the traditional packaging. And then we're also supply components that go into a variety of different devices, a lot led by mobile, but some others and the auto piece is really - thats a big MINS type market, you know where you are taking electronics signals and converting to mechanical actions. So you could thing about - almost nothing is mechanical these days, completely in terms of wire linkages and things like that its all electronic signals to final endpoint. So thats growing, we see that particularly where auto is strong in the U.S. in Europe and quite frankly even in china now as the auto market grows there. So still weighted to the mobile side, but some of those other things are coming on, hopefully that will sustain it so.
Kevin R. Maczka: Okay great. Shifting back over to adhesives margins, I guess if I understood you right, currency was the biggest drag there in the quarter that will be an issue we face as we go into 2015 as well, Im just wondering, I know you dont guide the full year, but it seems like it will be hard to grow adhesive margins even with some volume leverage from organic growth here if we still got that currency headwind unless I guess the mix dynamic gets much better. Is that kind of a fair way to directionally think about that?
Gregory A. Thaxton: I think its going to be, who knows where the currency is going to go, I mean I dont know that anybody predicted the sort of dramatic change recently here in the Yen and the Euro, but if nothing change from where we are today we probably have another quarter or two of impact on a year-on-year basis that will create a headwind and well challenge the margins particularly in that business. Its not exclusive in that business, but if you look at the size of that business in Europe and if you look at the size of the business in Japan and quite frankly we havent talked about, but its the nice part of the business in Brazil and all of those are under pressure and so - thats probably at least another quarter or two of impact if nothing changes. Now, if the Europeans get aggressive with quantitative easing approach and help do something to boost the sort of the economy there that may change, certainly the Japanese are trying to figure out what to do, but its not obvious that changes in the next quarter and maybe its another quarter or so beyond that we would see that impact and yes that would be helping.
Kevin R. Maczka: Got it and just finally from me just from a macro standpoint with Europe soft, China slowing, Japan in recession you had very strong order numbers in both Europe and Asia-Pac and I guess Asia-Pac is probably explainable by the strength in Advanced Tech. Can you just speak to the Europe portion in the plus 10 order number there?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so part of that is a function of the market segments we are in on the particular products. So we are seeing some - quite frankly and surprisingly we are seeing a good order book even though the economy looks like its struggling. So each of the businesses are pretty strong. The coating business were still seeing some strong activity on the container side of the business and on the auto side of the business, those two things are solid, on Advanced Tech, in Europe its mostly related to those auto type applications and some other back in packaging. On adhesives, we do export out of Europe to other countries for things like nonwovens and so forth, because there is large OEM base there, so some of it where benefiting from that. And quite frankly in the very short-term there are some projects that have come through that maybe more timing than anything else, so there is a little bit of a bump there from timing. But clearly in a number of our businesses were taking share as well. So there is a variety of things there that make that look a little different than what you would expect given the softness as you described.
Kevin R. Maczka: Yes. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
D. Mark Douglass: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Mark.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Hi, Mark.
D. Mark Douglass: Greg, if there are any significant, well first of all do you expect any significant investments going into 2015, I mean like you did in 2013, you had some new products, you are investing heavily in, say tech, anything we should anticipate for 2015 and taking that into consideration if we still saw kind of a mid single-digit organic growth here. What kind of incremental margin should we apply in a range to 2015?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, on your first question, incremental to 2014 I wouldnt see anything to call out with the exception on as I mentioned the CapEx side where weve got the completion of the facility in Colorado. And let me just comment and Ill let Greg answer the rest of those. So on new products we do have a lot of new products coming in, but Id say they are more in the normal course of business rather than the step outs like particularly the wafer project that we talked about last year.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, then on the incremental margin, markets its going to - it now gets to what we talked about in a mid single-digit organic, its where by segment whats the mix impact of that going to be. What are going to be the growth drivers of that total top line growth? If you look at what we delivered in the fourth quarter here on a normalized basis, it was about 36%, normalized incremental margin, of course weve got the currency impact thats having an impact on the margins embedded in there. So a tough question to answer without knowing whats going to be the driver of the top line growth.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I mean and if you look at sort of historical lets currency side, the coatings business just by the nature of that business being all engineered systems with a lot of buyout, incremental margin in those businesses tend to be in the sort of, pick a number 30% kind of range plus or minus. Advanced tech a little bit better, adhesive is generally considerably better, but as we said thats where the currency impact is going to effect us. So overall in a sort of non fluctuating currency market somewhere in that 30% to 50% depending on the mix is what we would expect, currency is going to weigh on that.
D. Mark Douglass: Okay, and looking at adhesives again, good, good, very good growth in 2014 with 6% organic growth. Can you talk about what, whether some more significant end markets were that drove that, you mentioned market share can you peg how much was share gains or if you think the different markets grew at how much was it freedom. Is that material yet or is that still trying to gain traction.
Michael F. Hilton: So if you look at it in the packaging - really in packaging nonwovens and product assembly they were all good. I would say this year we saw probably more of a step up in the nonwovens and the product assembly area which tend to be bigger ticket items and packaging was solid. So you know the nonwovens are things like you know the consumer non-durables like diapers and incontinence products and feminine hygiene products. And the product assembly is sort of construction, construction related activities as well. And then we saw an up tick you know also in the polymer side with both in the sort of the palletizing stuff that came with Kreyenborg and then the general sort of injection side of the business there. There is a share element to all of these businesses as we continue to direct introduce technology. I would say thats not the biggest driver of things. And then I would say freedom and then freedom in liberty combination weve probably delivered where we thought we are going to be from a revenue and profitability standpoint not quite where we thought we were going to be on the unit side of things. I think we are encouraged by what we see there but you know one of the things, thats a little bit of gating items that we talked about is the new adhesives that we are going to increase the mileage and were more difficult to melt are still not readily available, and this has to do with some things in the ethylene supply chain. You know all the suppliers are saying next year we are going to see those, but they said that we are going to see those this year. So Im not trying to throw those guys under the bus, its just they dont control the full supply chain and there are some other issues upstream of them that are impacting that. So Id say revenue and profit wise we were on track and that contributed to things. But I think we also did well in the emerging markets with our tiering products. So weve done really well in particularly on the adhesive side with our tiering products. So
D. Mark Douglass: Okay and then the mix with nonwovens products, product assembly growing a little faster than packaging that explains thats when you are talking about the mix impacting the margins?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, those tend to be - yes so if you look at the most components sort of only looking types of things are in the packaging side and as you go to nonwovens and then certainly the products assembly, you have got more of a partial system type sale there that tend to be good margins, but lower than the packaging margins.
D. Mark Douglass: Right and you said parts were about 40% of sales.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, they were about a percent or so higher systems than parts year-over-year.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Right.
D. Mark Douglass: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer, your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thank you. Good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey Glynn.
Christopher Glynn: So a set of question about the acquisition pipeline and wondering how much of your kind of focus in pipeline is in that medical component space and what your expectations might be there?
Michael F. Hilton: Well we like the space, the acquisitions that we made, prior to this past year have had nice double-digit growth as we've continued to penetrate the market, expand the product line, the little product line acquisition that we bought from Covidien and exceeded our expectations this year. We really like the new business coming in with Avalon that gets us more broadly into cardio and pulmonary type of services. And as we've said in the past, its a pretty fragmented market in terms of the folks that make a number of these and particularly sort of plastic oriented highly engineered components that go to the big OEMs and thats the place we like to be and so there is still opportunities out there that run the gamut of just a simple product line extension to something thats a little bit bigger and maybe even a little bit bigger than the acquisitions we made today from a revenue standpoint. So we're working a list there, we like it, we like the opportunity to consolidate, the new facility in Colorado is not only helping the medical business, but some of our other EFD businesses. With Avalon, we've got a manufacturing capability in Mexico that well likely expand and take advantage of that for more of our assembly type operations. So we feel good about that and the opportunities that are out there, timings never ever clear and necessarily win everything you look at if it ends up being an auction.
Christopher Glynn: Okay thanks for that. Do you ever think much about hedging on the FX side?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Chris this is Greg, hedging for us on FX side is we were trying to anticipate where our source of foreign revenues would be. Its challenging to forecast that and then to do anything to hedge it can create quite a bit of volatility in the P&L if you are wrong. We do hedge some of our inter company volumes where its more - there is more surety around those volumes, so we do some of that, but to try to get in front of hedging the third-party revenues Id be concerned about the volatility that that could create in the P&L.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then lastly youve had a nice string of quarters of good growth at ADS and then the last two quarters pretty flattish on the orders, we think that that might level out on organic for while here or you see that same positive on the organic for fiscal 2015?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Well, our overall sort of long-term view to that sort of businesses 5%, 6%, 7% kind of growth, last year 2013 it wasnt much growth, this year we saw pretty nice growth. I think as far this comes down to what do you think the macro assumption is. Our view is this year global GDP is probably going to come in at a little over 2%, 2.2% or something like that 2.3% or kind of anticipating next year it looks similar, so we should get some leverage over and above the GDP, but again that business on a revenue line will be impacted by the currency in the short-term. So we think we can grow that in a multiple of GDP, we dont think next year is going to be super robust I mean the U.S. looks strong, but every place sales doesnt look stronger than this year unless something turns around in Europe and Japan, which could happen with policies, but were not any better than anybody else forecasting that. So we should outpace the GDP I think where some of the things like nonwovens and product assembly here into more of an investment cycle than on day-to-day sort of operating upgrade and improvement cycle and that can very year-to-year depending our people, where our people are. So we saw a good year this year, I think the U.S. we expect to see strength going forward, China we think well pick a not at the rates that maybe its been very mostly about Europe.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, guys good morning.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Hey, Allison.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Just back on the comments about freedom I know you said at adhesive is one of the reasons that volumes havent necessarily picked up, but is there any concerns on competitive reaction holding that volume down?
Gregory A. Thaxton: No, we placed hundreds of units out there end markets plus through OEMs and our liberty product was the next sort of tiered opportunity geared more at the OEMs, so if you went to packaging show in Chicago, you would be impressed with just this last Monday you would be impressed by what you see on the OEM side of that. So now from a competitive standpoint we have good competitors out there. We do think we have the best model of the combination of technology and service out there. As we talked about the past part of this is a function of whats these overall riding benefit here and when is the last upgrade that our customer basis have gone through. So we between sort of the last major product launch in this one we didnt stop, we were out selling feed systems and upgraded nozzles and dispense equipment, and so somebody just bought that combination, they are not going to be ready to buy it right now. So big driver was sort of the higher mileage, adhesives. So what that means? Is useless adhesive for the same bonding properties and they are just not available yet. So Id say we did pretty well as I said on revenue where we expected and profit probably where or better than we expected, line was little short, but its not competitive issue.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great. And then I guess just broadly speaking a lot of positive momentum heading into 2015, whether region or businesses is there, anything I guess overly concerned about at this point for next year?
Michael F. Hilton: I dont know that I would say overly, but if you think about where were at right now, the U.S. looks strong and looks like its continuing to get strong, thats good for us. Europe has gone backwards at the moment, wasnt blockbuster this past year, and its going backwards, so were not seeing that in our order rates yet, because of some of the markets that were involved within and doing well. I think China will be, okay, but its at the new normal, so its not that sort of double-digit kind of growth that you saw. Asia, outside of China, doing pretty well. Japan is going to struggle this year, Latin America is not going to comeback. So Id say globally the mix will look different, but thats why we think its going to be a sort of a modest growth. Quite frankly in a short-term the biggest concern is the currency side of that and particularly given the dramatic moves in the Euro and the Yen. And we bypass that later in the year, itd be great to see some monetary fiscal policy out there that would help modify that before we get out to say the third quarter or so.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And well certainly do what we can on pricing actions and others to try to mitigate some of the impact of currency, but weve recognize it thats a headwind.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Great, thanks guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Charles D. Brady: Thanks good morning guys.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Hey, Charlie.
Charles D. Brady: Just a clarification on the parts mix that 40% is that companywide or thats Adhesive Dispensing?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, that was total Charlie. Adhesive Dispensing as weve said in the past the segments are kind of they pretty much overlay that total company, on any given quarter adhesive might tend to be a bit more in the parts then total company, but all the segments are very close to that total company number. Yes in my comments Charlie I was just year-over-year adhesives probably 1% more systems than parts.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, and it was.
Charles D. Brady: Okay all right so that obviously had at least some impact on the margin as well
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, it does.
Charles D. Brady: I just want to go back and look at the Adhesive Dispensing orders in the quarter just so I understand it a little better I mean 1% this quarter zero last quarter. How much of that is a currency headwind, youve framed in terms of kind of global GDP. But that would obviously be below global GDP. So I am wondering how much of an impact really the currency has hit you in this quarter or something else going on thats maybe a headwind to that orders?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say its not really a currency issue from that order perspective. I think really what we are starting to see things are things like, if you look at certain economies and whats going on mainly outside the, outside the U.S. And a little bit, Americas for example are soft, Japan we saw an impact pretty sizeable impact here from an order perspective and even a little bit in the U.S. which could be timing related issue. So not overly concerned with what were seeing there because it would be just timing year-on-year.
Charles D. Brady: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Global Hunter. Your line is now open.
Walter S. Liptak: Hi, thanks good morning everyone.
Michael F. Hilton: Hey, Walt.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning Walter.
Walter S. Liptak: I want to ask you kind of touched on this already, but and maybe just to frame at this way with the organics last year at plus 6% in your 2014. it looks like heading into this year things are a little bit slower, what's the tone that you are getting from customers in terms of like budgeting for 2015 and if it is a little bit more cautious and we're going to expect organics, something lower than 6%. Is there something you do to mitigate, is there a cost focus or is that some kind of restructuring, you mentioned Avalon and taking to the manufacturing kind of into Mexico. I wonder if you can just address that cost side.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So just to clarify, coming into the year at least with for the first quarter, the kind of mid-point of our guidance is about 8% organic. So still at least the start is reasonably solid and from a customer perspective in Europe I would say across the businesses sort of the prospect was bid activity, dialogue is considerably more encouraging than the macro number that you are seeing from an economic perspective. I would say if you go to a place like Japan we've got project activity there, but its not quite as robust if you look at it. So thats a little bit different. I would say if you look at China, solid cross prospect list and good expectations, but you know they are at a new normal. So we think that probably looks a little bit like this year or maybe even slightly less than this year from a macro standpoint, so its kind of a mix. On a global GDP basis, we're still expecting a two plus number, I think if you went back a couple of three months, people might have expected a three plus number that wasnt our expectation. So we kind of look like next year is like this year. So on a volume basis we would expect volume growth, on a revenue basis we are going to see some impact at least in the short-term unless something changes on the currency side. From an overall cost perspective, we have a pretty robust continuous improvement plan, we've got a number of things that we're working on across all of the businesses from the day-to-day activity that embrace in our Nordson business system to some project activity. So we're constantly focused on that. In the earlier part of the year we can respond pretty quickly and the earlier part of this year when things were a little bit soft, we did also some restructuring in certain businesses to lower our cost base and thats played out in improved earnings and margin as the volume has come back. So we could respond pretty quickly, we look at things pretty closely. The Avalon addition or benefit we got with the facility in Mexico and we probably will expand that facility both because of the demand and then the opportunity maybe bit of optimize our supply chain. It is a good thing that were looking at across our other businesses as well in terms of improving footprint efficiency and supply chain efficiency. So there are opportunities there, but in a short-term - we go into every year starting off cautious still we see the line and kind of play out, we are encouraged by the pretty solid order rates we see across the businesses right now, but we are concerned in particular Europe and Japan Id say, even though in Europe we are not seeing that right now, Japan maybe we are seeing that right now.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, just to clarify so what youre hearing from your customers, what youre thinking about is something similar in terms of organics for 2015 versus 2014?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, Id say that global mix is maybe a little different maybe stronger in the U.S. then it was last year, but Id say even the European across most of our businesses European customers are pretty optimistic. That said from a macro, if you look at our business model is strong, our market focus is strong were going to win the battle most of the time, but we float on the general economy. So were not going to be impervious to whats going on in the general economy. So your guess is as good as mine as how Europe, Japan plays out whether anything comes, where the Europeans can get together and drive more growth there, whether the Japanese latest plan can improve things. I think China will manage their growth and will see that and benefit from it and outside of China and Japan and Asia we see a pretty robust and positive set of expectations from the customer base there. So its a mixed bag a little bit different than a mixed - then last years sort of mixed bag kind of our expectation is similar growth, if we see more well benefit from that, if we see less well adjust from a cost perspective.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, it sounds good. The U.S. part of it is the mix, the margin mix better in the U.S., is there more adhesives or if the U.S. strengthens here, what do you think the margin mix will looks like?
Gregory A. Thaxton: I think as they continue to strengthen we might see more systems in general to the mix, and so certainly if you look at the sort of orders, order rate going into the first quarter, weve got really strong orders is our coatings and technology business and software and the adhesives to start. So that mix doesnt necessarily help the margin, but we would expect adhesives to pick up as the year goes on.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, got and all right thanks for that and with the accelerated share repurchase, is there a preference that you are signaling for acquisition or repurchase over acquisitions or is that just that youve got the cash flow and you can do both.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Well, we have a balanced program out there and I think weve talked a little bit in the past about our priorities. I mean number one to support organic growth, number two to continue with the dividend approach and we are getting up into that 20% range, but we would like probably get a little bit higher in the mid 20, so we keep pushing that. The number three would be to find the right kind of acquisitions, but we have no control over availability and timing, although were working it, right. And number four to be opportunistic on the share repurchase and we always want to have a program in place, so we can take advantage of it. I mean if you just look in this last quarter, weve had some fairly loud movements for this where the stock dropped back into the upper 60s and we were buying much more aggressively as part of our program when that happened. So we always what to have the ability out there to take advantage of market movements and it would seem that at the moment maybe volatility is picking up.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, got it. Okay, thanks very much guys.
Michael F. Hilton: And Candis we probably have time for one more question and then well have to sign off.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from the line of Liam Burke of Wunderlich Securities. Your line is now open.
Liam D. Burke: Thank you. Good morning Mike. Good morning Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, Nordson Business Systems is a big push of one of your strategic focuses could you give us a sense of the progress, your continuous improvement initiatives, plans have made in the polymer acquisitions?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so if you look at overall the Nordson Business System, there is probably 6 to 8 areas of focus that we have and thats everything from new product development to the overall supply chain that would include sourcing, manufacturing, distribution and logistics to things like sales force effectiveness to pricing and segmentation, a variety of things like that. I would say weve made good progress on the polymer side on things like, pricing I would say weve made reasonable progress in terms of improving sort of the supply chain aspects of it. So think about that as sourcing and manufacturing. The biggest benefits as weve talked about there will come from overall optimization of the supply chain. And then levering the organizations together and those are the ones we also said would take little bit longer. We are doing some things right now to facilitate that supply chain optimization and over the next couple of years that should play out. And then from an organizational standpoint you know it comes down to how do we align sort of behind the front lines the engineering side of things and then we continue to work through the direct versus, distributor versus agent approach there. And so those things have the biggest impact so those are still to come. So I would say good progress today we need more volume to translate that into bigger benefit and then couple of bigger things are going to take another couple of years probably.
Liam D. Burke: Okay. Great. With the Colorado springs facility at capacity, obviously the necessity to build a new facility was there, but Mike are there any other economic benefits are going to get from the new facility medical facility in Colorado?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, we continue to that - for that to be sort of our state-of-the-art in terms of the highest level of automation. And so as we build out, not only to support demand we are likely to include the capability to manufacturer other products there and preclude some investments that we need to make and say other EFD type facilities and be able to do that there in a more automated way so well get some benefits from that. And then in the combination of now having this capability for some labor intensive aspects of the business the with Mexico facility, well optimize where we do, the sort of more highly automated activity versus where we do more manual activity. So there is some combined benefits there, but we go we keep going to more sophisticated capability on these facilities. So an example maybe a 16-cavity machine becomes a 32 or 64 cavity machine where you are sort of doubling, triple or quadrupling the output those kinds of things.
Liam D. Burke: Great. Thank you Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
James R. Jaye: Okay. So this is Jim. I want to thank everyone for attending the call. And I do have time today I do have some calls today but please get in the queue if you have follow-ups. I am also around next week and glad to take questions throughout next as well. So thank you everyone and very happy holidays to you. Thank you.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-08-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Nordson Corporation webcast for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Nicole and good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Nordsons Director of Investor Relations. I am here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, August 22, 2014 on Nordsons third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until August 29, 2014 by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 82465633. During this conference call, forward-looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our fiscal 2014 third quarter results and a bit about our fourth quarter outlook. Mike, please go ahead.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone and thank you for attending Nordsons 2014 third quarter conference call. Our performance in the third quarter was very good as Nordsons global team delivered the strongest quarterly performance in revenue, operating profit and earnings per share in our history. This performance is particularly noteworthy given the continued softness in the macroeconomic environment. The global team is focused on meeting the needs of our customers with innovative products, applications expertise and global support, while also executing on a variety of strategic initiatives and continuous improvement projects to just drive sustained long-term success. I am especially pleased with the robust organic sales volume growth of 8% generated in the quarter as compared to the same period a year ago. All segments and geographies contributed to this growth and we leveraged the strong top line growth to deliver operating margin of 25% in the third quarter, a 2 percentage point improvement over the previous years third quarter. With this leverage, the earnings per share grew at a faster rate than top line improving 20% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Free cash flow in the quarter was strong and from a balance sheet perspective, we remained very liquid with significant capacity for appropriate capital deployment. We continued to create value for our shareholders through our balanced approach to capital deployment investing $36 million during the third quarter for the repurchase of shares and by distributing approximately $11 million in dividends during the quarter. After the close of the quarter, Nordsons Board approved a 22% increase to our dividend as we moved toward a payout ratio nearing 20% marking the 51st consecutive year we have increased our annual dividend. I am also pleased to report that we continued to execute on our acquisition strategy with the purchase of Avalon Laboratories, a high performing company in the medical device space. We welcome Avalon employees to Nordson and will provide additional details on this acquisition later in the call. Looking ahead, our current backlog and order rates are solid leading us to expect continued strong performance in our fourth quarter and a record full year results for sales, operating profits and earnings per share. I will share additional comments about our current business trends and our near-term outlook momentarily, but first, I will turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer who will provide more detailed commentary on our third quarter financial results and our fourth quarter guidance. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Sales in the third quarter were $459 million, an increase of 14% over the prior year third quarter. This sales improvement included an 8% increase in organic volume, a 5% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions and a 1% increase related to the favorable effects of currency translation. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing segment sales volume increased 15% as compared to the prior year third quarter. Organic growth was 5% and the first year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition added growth of 10%. The organic growth was driven by disposable hygiene rigid packaging and polymer processing end markets and we saw growth in every region. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment increased 15% over the prior year third quarter. Strong organic growth in all product lines during the quarter was led by demand for automated dispensing equipment as well as continued solid demand for our test and inspection and surface treatment equipment related to electronic mobile device end markets. Growth was also robust in our semi-automated dispensing systems and single-use fluid management components related to medical and industrial end markets. Geographically, organic sales growth in Japan, Asia-Pacific and the Americas was offset by softness in the U.S. and Europe. The Industrial Coating Systems segment sales volume increased less than 1% compared to the third quarter a year ago. Solid growth in the U.S. and Europe led by cold material dispensing equipment for automotive and industrial end markets was offset by softness in other regions and in selected consumer durable goods end markets. On a total company basis, gross margin in the third quarter was 56% equal to the level delivered in the prior year despite a higher mix of systems revenue in the current quarter. Operating profit in the third quarter was $114 million, an increase of 23% over the prior year and operating margin was 25%, as Mike mentioned, an improvement of 2 percentage points over the prior year. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 27% in the current quarter, an improvement of 1 percentage point over the same period a year ago. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin was 32% in the third quarter, an improvement of 4 percentage points as compared to the third quarter a year ago and reflective of our ability to leverage margin with increased sales volume. With this segments typical seasonality pattern, we do expect to see a moderation in sales in the fourth quarter. In the Industrial Coatings segment, operating margin was 13% in the third quarter, a solid level for this segment given the quarters level of revenue and product mix. Continuing down the income statement, net income for the quarter was $78 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.21, an increase of 20% over last years third quarter. The current quarters earnings per share included a $0.01 one-time gain related to discrete tax items recognized in the quarter. As in previous quarters, we have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. On a normalized basis that is to exclude one-time items in both years, third quarter earnings per share increased 21% over the prior years third quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was $129 million, up 18% as compared to the same period a year ago. Cash flow from operations in the third quarter was $81 million and free cash flow before dividends was $70 million. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. Mike previously commented on our focus during the quarter of returning value directly to shareholders with our share repurchase activity and dividends. We have approximately $104 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization as of the end of the third quarter and do expect to remain active in the market as the year progresses, although we do use a pricing grid within a 10b5 repurchase program, whereby we will not repurchase shares over a certain share price. From the balance sheet perspective, we remained very liquid with net debt to EBITDA at 1.42 times trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of our third quarter and we have approximately $287 million available from cash and our current revolving credit facility. Shortly after the end of our third quarter, we announced and closed a transaction to acquire Avalon Laboratories, a leading designer and manufacturer of highly specialized catheters and medical tubing products for cardiology, pulmonology and related applications. Avalon is a high-performing growth company with best-in-class products that are highly complementary to Nordsons existing line of highly engineered single use plastic components for fluid management and medical applications. The company has generated double-digit compound annual growth rates in revenue and EBITDA since 2008 through a combination of innovative products, unique process know-how, strong customer relations and scalable low-cost manufacturing. Working capital requirements are modest and CapEx is similar to Nordsons at about 2% to 3% of annual revenue. We expect to build on the current strong performance of Avalon by leveraging Nordsons scale, global footprint and continuous improvement competencies. Avalons revenue forecast for the 12 months ending October 31, 2014 is $34 million. Revenues are mainly within the U.S. with the current customer base consisting of blue-chip medical device OEMs. The $180 million purchase price represents an EBITDA multiple of 11 times based on managements forecasted EBITDA for the current calendar year, which is at this time on track. The purchase was funded with short-term borrowing in our existing revolving credit facility. The acquisition is expected to be dilutive to our fourth quarter fiscal 2014 earnings by about $0.01 inclusive of a $0.02 short-term purchase accounting charge related to the step up in value of acquired inventory. We expect this acquisition to be accretive to fiscal year 2015 results by $0.06 to $0.08 based on preliminary purchase accounting assumptions. Avalon results will be reported within the Advanced Technology systems segment. I will now move on to comments regarding our outlook for the fourth quarter. As we typically do, we have provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with the Kreyenborg and Avalon acquisitions, included in both years. For the 12 weeks ending August 17, 2014, order rates are up 4% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Throughout most of the weeks within this latest fiscal quarter, order rates for the total company were up double-digits as compared to the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, order rates are flat over the last 12 weeks as compared to the same period in the prior year, where strength in rigid packaging and disposable hygiene end markets was offset by negative year-to-year comparisons in the remaining product lines. Orders within the adhesive segment had been up mid to high single-digits as compared to the prior year throughout the third quarter. In the Advanced Technologies segment, order rates over the latest 12 weeks are up 4% compared to the same period in the prior year, where solid growth in test and inspection, surface treatment and medical device product lines were offset by negative year-to-year comparisons in dispensing product lines serving electronics and general, industrial end markets. Order rates within Advanced Technologies segment were up high double-digits throughout each week of the quarter until this most recent week. Within the Industrial Coatings segment, the latest 12-week order rates are up 18% as compared to the prior year period. This order growth was driven by strong demand within the cold materials dispensing product lines serving automotive and in general, industrial end markets, with the container coating and powder coating product lines also contributing to the 12-week order growth. Backlog at July 31, 2014 was approximately $266 million, an increase of 36% compared to July 31, 2013 and inclusive of 25% organic growth and 11% growth due to the Kreyenborg acquisition. Backlog at July 31, 2014 increased 9% compared to April 30, 2014, the end of our second fiscal quarter. Backlog amounts are calculated at July 31, 2014 exchange rates. The Avalon acquisition occurred after July 31, the reported backlog amounts do not include any Avalon backlog. Let me now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. We are forecasting sales growth to be in the range of 10% to 14% as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic growth of 7% to 11% and 3% growth from the first year effect of the Kreyenborg and Avalon acquisitions. Currency translation is not expected to be material compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. At the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect fourth quarter gross margin to be between 55% and 56% and operating margin is forecasted to be approximately 23% or 24% excluding short-term purchase accounting charges related to the step up in value of inventory acquired from the Avalon acquisition. We are estimating fourth quarter interest expense of about $3.9 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30.5% resulting in fourth quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings in the range of $1.07 per share to $1.17 per share, again inclusive of a $0.02 per share charge related to the step up in value of acquired inventory. The midpoint of this range for diluted earnings per share represents an increase of 22% over the prior years fourth quarter or 23% excluding non-recurring items in both years. We are estimating full year capital expenditures to be approximately $45 million, including investment related to our previously announced facility in Colorado supporting our fluid management product lines. In summary, our global team delivered excellent third quarter results and our outlook is for strong performance in the fourth quarter as well. With that, I will turn the call back over to you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. Again, I am very pleased with the ongoing efforts of our global team. They are executing at a high level and meeting the needs of our customers better than our competitors. At the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance, we are expecting organic sales volume growth of 9% over the prior years fourth quarter, a very strong level given the macroeconomic environment that is yet to gain full momentum. We expect to leverage this growth to deliver improvement in operating margin and in earnings per share as compared to last years fourth quarter. Overall, we are on pace for a record full year performance in sales, operating profit, net income and diluted earnings per share. In addition to our positive near-term view, we are also getting the job done on a variety of strategic initiatives that will drive value over the long-term. In terms of acquisitions, Avalon is a great strategic fit to our medical platform. And again, I would like to welcome the Avalon employees to the Nordson team. We also continue to evaluate a number of other opportunities in our pipeline that may fit our strategic goals although we remain diligent in our acquisition process. We are also excited about the next phase of our continuous improvement efforts with the informal internal launch of what we are calling the Nordson Business System. The Nordson Business System is our collective set of tools and best practices that can help improve our performance in every area of Nordson. Rooted in Lean Six Sigma and supported by our company values, the Nordson Business System touches all areas of the company, including all business units and corporate functions. We have been using many of the tools within the business system for several years and we will continue to add them  add to them in the future. Overall, our future is bright and we are focused on getting better everyday. We expect to continue leveraging our best-in-class technology, applications expertise, global support and operational excellence across a variety of diverse growth markets to create sustained shareholder value. At this time, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Allison.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Allison.
Allison Poliniak: Just going back on the order comments, solid orders this quarter, it sounded like there is a little bit of falloff in Q4. Are you guys seeing any changes in sort of customer or end market dynamics driving that or is it more seasonal?
Mike Hilton: Its more in line with our seasonal pattern if I think you understand that our orders tend to peak in the third quarter and build up from the second quarter through sort of end and early part of the third quarter and then drop off as we approach sort of the end of the year in the holiday season. So, we have seen that sort of same pattern this year. Id say this year is maybe a little slower start just given kind of the global dynamic at the beginning of the year and the winter here in the U.S., but then we have really strong third quarter across all of our businesses, very high rates sustained throughout the quarter. And then we are starting to see the sort of natural decline. Greg made some comments that kind of relate to how the orders come in. So, in this particular third quarter, we had across a couple of businesses some large orders in the quarter that drop off in this last week. And so it sort of understates what we are seeing in terms of the health of the business at this point.
Allison Poliniak: Thats great. And then just going back to sort of your acquisition comments, it sounds like your pipelines full, we have had a nice acquisition with Avalon. Can you maybe talk about the environment? Multiple for Avalon seems fairly reasonable just given the margins in that business?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say as we said throughout this year, our focus was on sort of integration and digesting, but there would be some smaller tuck-ins and potentially adds to our key areas like Avalon. I would say we are  in our pipeline going forward, we still see a number of sort of those tuck-in type of opportunities. I would say the market is pretty robust and the pricing is also pretty robust just given the fact that many people have cash and the opportunity to finance at low rate, but we think this was a good multiple for the kind of quality business that we have in the growth prospects in the business and the fit with our portfolio. So, I think it was a fair price for this business and we are really excited about the  not only the growth prospects, but the team coming with us as part of this acquisition.
Allison Poliniak: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering on an update on with respect to the polymer processing platform, the integration progress and if you think its returning to sustainable growth at this point or if its little early to call that?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, we had a solid quarter in the polymer processing business this quarter. I would say across the different components of the business, some are performing little better than others, I would say the area that was most stressed that we have talked about has been in the dye area. And while thats improving, its still  we still really havent seen that biax piece come back. In talking with the OEMs, they are encouraged that we are going to see some pickup, but I would say we have not seen progress on that front, where we have seen progress on some of the other newer product lines that we talked about in that area. So, I would say, no, we are not seeing the robust return of the biax piece yet, but we are filling in other market opportunities for that, and the Kreyenborg and BKG acquisitions that came in last year have been solid. And as it relates to the integration efforts, we are through the integration of the businesses. We still have some of the longer term things that we have talked about like the sales channel optimization to work through and some of the supply chain opportunities, but in terms of cross-selling opportunities and picking up additional sort of broader scope full product line sales, we are seeing some encouraging progress there, but the underlying sort of biax market has not come back. And some of that is a reflection I think of whats going on macroly, particularly in Europe and to some extent in parts of Asia.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks for that. And then on ADS orders flat there, we did note relatively tough orders comparisons for the 3Q the past couple of years, so does it feel like thats a specific comparison thing or that market kind of flattening out after four consecutive periods of pretty good orders growth?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say  I wouldnt read any significant concern into that. I would say it varies a little bit region-by-region, but we have had sort of a strong year in our packaging business and improving year in our non-wovens business and a pretty solid year in product assembly, and you can have impacts quarter to quarter based on sort of the order dynamic I was talking about thoroughly. And we have seen a little bit of that in the adhesives area, but when we look at sort of overall prospects around the globe, we feel pretty good about where we are in that business and we think the business will have a very good year.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Charlie Brady: Hi, thanks. Good morning guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Hey, just with respect to advanced tech and the margins there, obviously pretty good margins, really, really strong incrementals. With the impact of the commentary in the release about the automated dispensing in the single-use fluid systems, those tend to be fairly high margin product. Did that mix have a  was that skewing kind of the margin there and you think you expect going forward into Q4 the same type of incremental margin?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, Charlie, in that business, we talked earlier in the year when things were sort of going the other way about the sort of volume leverage in that business and how we try and move our structure up and down to accommodate it. But I think what you are seeing here is good order growth, and the volume leverage really is coming from that good order growth and its quality mix of products, but its really around the volume leverage that we are seeing and we would expect the fourth quarter to be a little bit lower in part, because we see the orders naturally seasonally drop off and so the revenue was likely sequentially to be down a little bit, and so you will see a little bit negative leverage there from a volume perspective, but I would say the quality of the business has been good across all of the product lines. And as we have talked earlier in the year, we have had a particularly solid year in our test and inspection business and the expense piece has come along starting in second quarter continuing this quarter and into the fourth quarter, so after a slow start, a pretty good year.
Charlie Brady: Okay. And then on advanced  I am sorry, adhesive dispensing just try to understand the orders in the quarter, was it you said its up double-digit most of the quarter, was it a slow start or a slow ending that skewed it to flat for the period you gave?
Mike Hilton: Its really been more about the last week or so. And as orders come in, we had some large orders that fell off from sort of the first week of that 12-week period. And so it skewed it a little bit. So, what we are trying to give you is a road feel of a run-rate being pretty strong and we are getting a little bit of a point to point comparison there as well as in the advanced tech side that doesnt truly reflect the strength of what we saw. I think what you can see is the pretty significant step up in the backlog and that gives us a feel for how solid the orders were in the quarter.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. Just to add to that, the comments are intended to suggest that throughout the quarter in both adhesives and advanced technology, the order pace was pretty strong and sometimes it couldnt get down to what week 13 weeks ago drops off and what week comes in to that 12-week comparison. It can be as simple as the one dropping off and the one coming in that can skew the numbers. So, the comments we are intending to imply that it was a good order pace throughout the quarter and you see that reflected in the backlog as we start the fourth quarter.
Charlie Brady: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks. And just on Avalon for a minute, can you talk about maybe some more granularity on that business in terms of the revenues, the margins in that business?
Mike Hilton: Yes. In terms of the revenues, I think we suggested that this years expected revenues were around $34 million. Well, we didnt comment on the margins, but you can assume that those are really strong margins consistent with what we see in the other parts of the medical business. So  and I think if you look at the sort of EBITDA multiple, you get a feel for that, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Ursaner of CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Jason Ursaner: For the Adhesive Dispensing business on the operating margin side, just sort of a follow-up to Chris question before, could you quantify the margin of the plastics group at all, just because on the surface, it does still look like a pretty significant drag relative to the old core business?
Mike Hilton: Yes. What we have said in the past is most of the margin impact has been the mix of these businesses coming in. And what we have said in the long run is the core businesses should operate, historical business at sort of 30 plus and the polymer business is we need to get up into the 20 plus towards the mid 20s. They are not there right now. They werent there when we bought them and the volume has been a little bit weak. So, I would say we are on target with what we see in terms of the improvements overall in the segment. And in the long run, we expect the segment to inch up closer to that 30%, I think is the way to think about it.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And any plans to break it out over time now that its getting more of a sizable complete offering?
Mike Hilton: No. I mean, if you look at it most of what we are doing has gone into the packaging part of the business and thats the biggest part of our adhesive segment and we are really trying to leverage the customer elements of that and some of the operating approaches that we have as well. So, its a nice complement really with a significant focus in the same markets that we serve out of the adhesive business.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And for Avalon, is that business selling its own product direct or is it a contract manufacturer that would sell through other medical device brands?
Mike Hilton: So, I wouldnt characterize it as the contract manufacturer, but no, its going through like our dye plastics business, its going through the big OEMs that you would recognize on the medical device space. So, its not gone directly to end users, we are one step back and really what they are providing is sophisticated components that are used in the applications around cardiovascular and pulmonology. And when you think about it, the trends in that business, include further outsourcing by the OEMs are a big positive in addition to the underlying sort of demographics of the markets.
Greg Thaxton: So, Jason, this is Greg. Think about it similar to other Nordson products, its highly engineered, performing a critical application and gets incorporated then into a bigger product set.
Jason Ursaner: Got it. And do you have the full year sales or EBITDA for 2013 that are going to be the first year effect? Just wondering how much of the $34 million is going to end up showing up is kind of  or would show up as organic growth?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Well, what we gave  what we provided was the forecast through what would coincide with our fiscal year end which is about $34 million in revenue.
Jason Ursaner: Right. But I guess, if I look at the 2.5 months in guidance for the first year effect, if I take out a month of Kreyenborg, it looks like its on significantly different run rate. So, I am  guess I am trying to wonder how much that business is growing, I mean it looks like its 25% to 30% growth this year?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. What we incorporated in our guidance for the quarter was their historical revenue in this fourth quarter  in aligning with our fiscal fourth quarter.
Mike Hilton: So, in long run though we think that, I think Greg mentioned over the last five years, its grown nicely at double-digit rate. So, we expect it to continue to grow at that rates because of the applications that it plays into and this outsourcing phenomenon that we talked about. So, like our other medical businesses that have been growing at nicely double-digits over the last three years or so, we think this is a nice fit and complement with similar growth characteristics.
Jason Ursaner: Okay.
Greg Thaxton: So that Avalon plus the partial period of the Kreyenborg in the prior year that we didnt note them contribute to that full 3% acquisitive growth.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And long-term, just what do you see is the kind of total addressable size of that market?
Greg Thaxton: Are you talking about the space for our medical space or Avalon specifically?
Jason Ursaner: I guess the spring reinforced catheters?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. So, thats in the hundreds of millions of dollar opportunity we see in the long run in that space.
Mike Hilton: And thats differentiated from what would be the more commodity tubing.
Greg Thaxton: Thats not a part that they play in or we have any interest in. This is all really highly engineered specialty tubing multiple ports reinforced electrical connections and so forth. Its a very sophisticated approach to providing a particular set of requirements for some of the areas that we have talked about, the surgical areas in particular.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And is there just last question for me, sorry, is there any concern of 3D printing as a competitor to the single piece construction versus the casting that you guys have?
Greg Thaxton: I would say not at this point in time given the level of sophistication of the devices and the multiple materials here down the road. We are always looking for new opportunities for the business. So, 3D printing could play a role in a number of things that we do, but right now, I would say we dont see that as any immediate concern. We actually think the unique technology that Avalon has and the benefits that come with it will allow to grow disproportionately.
Jason Ursaner: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak of Global Hunter. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi, good morning. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Walter Liptak: Good morning. I wanted to go back to advanced tech and I guess the question is on new product launches, where are we in the launch cycle. It seems like we keep hearing everyday about new mobile devices getting launched and some of those are pretty large launches. Is the ordering for your products something thats already passed in some of these and we will see some seasonal weakness or is there a pipeline of awards that you can see over the next three to six months?
Mike Hilton: I would say we will continue to see the seasonal pattern that we typically see in that business. I mean, some of it is just the nature of our, if you look at our year in the holiday period and so forth as it relates to the first quarter, but lot of it as it relates to the sort of mobile space, its time to launch as that tend to come out in the late second through early fourth quarter period of time. And so we will see that kind of pattern I think continue unless the timing on some of these launches change. One of the things that we did mentioned in the last call is that we are continuing to look at some of the up and coming new device providers, particularly in China and then this quarter we have got our first orders with a couple of the Chinese manufacturers that are looking to move aggressively into the smartphone technology. And then there is also potential down the road which was not clear as to how accepted this will be in the marketplace is the whole wearable technology. I would say to-date its been a little bit hit and miss, but some people are optimistic about the potential for that down the road and that depending on how that would play out that could skew some things in terms of when the various customers would launch that. So, I think we will continue to see the sort of second quarter to early fourth quarter kind of period of high intensity and it can move fluctuate year-to-year and we typically will see the seasonal patterns that we are starting to see now where things wind down as we get to year end.
Walter Liptak: Okay, that sounds great. Going back to some of the first award and some of these other potential out there, what do you  can you help us size what those opportunities are like and if you have any initial wins here?
Mike Hilton: We have had a few initial wins, I would say in our tiered offering of our automated platform and also in sort of our semi-automated platform. I think the challenge as we have talked about in the past is to what degree will these folks go to automation and how sophisticated they will be in the automation approach? And then from a process standpoint, to what degree will they do things that relate to mechanical integrity and moisture production and things like that not clear yet. Lot of these folks obviously are aimed at a different price point and its not clear what the ultimate quality is going to be, I would say in the near-term. In the long-term, I think its going to be globally, they are going to need to be globally competitive and particularly if they look to try and export out of China. So, I would say, its for us its too early to tell our approach has been  we have a pretty good handle on who we think is going to make progress and be successful. We have teams involved working those accounts. We have got our first orders in, which is encouraging but its a little hard to size the opportunity at this point in time given those factors that I mentioned.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Halter of Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
Greg Halter: Thank you and good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Halter: Couple of cleanup items, can you provide the number of shares that were purchased in the quarter and also if you are having what the payables figure is?
Mike Hilton: Yes. The number of shares purchased in the quarter was about 470,000 shares comprising that 36 million. I will add on a year-to-date basis, we have bought about 1.2 million shares, so about 2% of outstanding shares. And in total, on that 1.2 million thats at a average share price of about $73.35. Your comment on payables?
Greg Halter: Yes, if you have that figure.
Mike Hilton: You are talking about notes payable?
Greg Halter: Accounts payable, sorry.
Mike Hilton: Yes, its about $20 million including our short-term debt.
Greg Halter: Okay. And on the competition front, have you noticed any of your competitors becoming more or less so recently?
Mike Hilton: I would say across all the businesses, no significant change in the competitive intensity. As we have talked about in the past, we have got good competitors in each of our businesses, but we havent seen any changes of significance one way or another there. I think our approach is what its always been is to continue to leverage our business model, which starts with offering the best technology and the best customer experience in terms of support and service and applications know-how. So, we think we are doing a good job. We think we are winning in the marketplace, but I would say the competitive intensity remains basically unchanged. Its competitive.
Greg Halter: Okay.
Mike Hilton: And Greg, just let me clarify, the $20 million is notes payable and debt due, is that the number or you are looking for accounts payable?
Greg Halter: Accounts payable, accounts payable.
Mike Hilton: Okay. And accounts payable and other liabilities was about $240 million that those numbers are on the financial exhibit in the press release.
Greg Halter: Okay, alright. And relative to Avalon, you made a comment that their business is mainly in the U.S., is there any restriction for that to go international and if not why have they not done so and is that your plan going forward?
Mike Hilton: I would say, there is no restrictions on going outside of the U.S. I think they focused on significant opportunities in the U.S. and in many of these procedures, the U.S. is more advanced than other countries, but we have been moving our business in our other medical applications overseas and so our plan will be over time to expand the business, but we have got lot of opportunities still here in the U.S. Obviously, the next likely target would be Europe and thats what we have done with our other medical businesses, I think Asia is a little bit more fragmented and in some areas little bit further behind.
Greg Halter: Okay. And looking at the geographic orders obviously some of the areas are very bumpy, lumpy whatever, but Japan being up 39% and 15% the prior quarter, can you talk to the strength there, whats going on there in Japan?
Mike Hilton: I would say there is good progress across most of the businesses. I would say earlier in the year it was maybe a little softer and thats its picked up across all businesses. I would say if you think about things like the mobile business, a lot of the components that go in there, get made in Japan, so thats not so surprising. I would say, the strength in some of our sort of more consumer durable businesses is a little surprising to-date, but we are seeing good progress there, probably a little bit more robust than we would have expected, Id say coming into the year.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, this is Greg. I would just add as Mike mentioned it, it was good solid growth rates across each of the segment and thats even against a trend where Japanese manufacturers are offshoring production to other low cost countries. So, very good growth rates within Japan for our product lines.
Mike Hilton: I think that speaks to the strength of our customer base and the business model there and the execution on the team as the opportunities come up, but I would say we are probably pleasantly surprised that the strength in the last quarter or two.
Greg Halter: I hope you keep that up. And one last one I dont know if you commented on it, but the Freedom product line, just wonder if you could give an update there?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I would say the Freedom product line and this now includes what we call Liberty, which is the sort of next year down product in that suite. I would say revenue wise we are pretty much on plan. As I said in the last quarter, unit wise, we are a little bit behind, but pricing based on the value provided was a little bit better and that trend is continuing. And I would say the sort of full value impact of the adhesive material itself has still not come to fruition thats probably end of the calendar year kind of timeframe for some of the newer adhesives to have sort of the full impact on mileage and so forth. So, I think the combination of both the tiered product and the high end product, we feel pretty good about progress to-date.
Greg Halter: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rudy Hokanson of Barrington. Your line is now open.
Rudy Hokanson: Your expansion of the facility in Colorado from about 45,000 square feet up to 115,000 square feet and now with the acquisition of Avalon, are there opportunities in terms of managing workflow or production of certain products between the two or will Avalon.
Greg Thaxton: Rudy, you are dropping off throughout your question. So, we didnt catch your
Mike Hilton: Let me take a stab at the first part of that and then if I am not quite getting it, you can come back. Yes, the expansion when we talked about the expansion in Colorado, it was primarily driven by our opportunity in the medical space. We also did talk about so the fact that some of the other EFD products that we make and might need some expansion that we could probably delay some of those expansion requirements through this particular facility. And so its really based on the growth that we see. I think we have growth opportunities with Avalon as well and naturally with I mean the  in the mix here and given the manufacturing facilities they have in Mexico, we will look at the total capability not just across the medical platform, but across all of our sort of food management business and look to sort of optimize our supply chain, but we see robust demand in the medical space at least in the niches that we are in today, which is really driving the prime reason for the Colorado expansion.
Rudy Hokanson: Okay, thank you. That answers my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam Burke: Mike, you talked about the integration of polymers coming along supply chain etcetera, are they  is the integration along  further along enough to be able to start applying continuous improvement or as you call it Nordson Business Systems?
Mike Hilton: Yes. We are absolutely doing that across the sort of platform of four products  product lines that we brought in and prioritizing those opportunities. So, yes, we are seeing good progress along the continuous improvement front. I would say, each of the businesses was probably in a different place as it relates to their level of experience with Lean Six Sigma. And so we are trying to bring them all up to the sort of highest level. We are managing the priorities of those projects. I think as we have talked in the past there would be some bigger opportunities as it relates to optimizing the overall supply chain, but that will take us some time to do, because the thought process and planning behind thats a little different than what we did in the adhesives side of things, but there is still opportunity to come over the next couple of years in that area. And then the full leverage on the selling side and the sales channel management, I would say, we are making good progress, but there is still some opportunity there, but the basics for Lean Six Sigma philosophy, the team is getting up to speed with and we have got folks leading those activities. And its really a matter of just prioritizing the biggest hits first and effectively utilizing the organization to get those priority activities done.
Liam Burke: And on the medical side, do you see I mean, you have had a great quarter on the advanced tech more cyclical businesses kicked in across the board? Are you seeing the medical business starting to contribute enough, we would anticipate some of  offsetting some of the cyclical swings we would normally see in advanced tech?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I would say certainly in the, yes, the medical business is done very well the last several years, strong double-digit growth and the broader not just the medical but the broader fluid management piece that goes into non-electronic markets has also had very solid growth. So, yes, we have a focused effort to continue to grow that total area to help balance the cyclicality in the electronics business. And there is a seasonality that we see with throughout the year and then there is the longer term cycle piece with that. So, the seasonality is going to be what it is, but the longer term cycle piece we are trying to offset. So, I would say that whole fluid management piece is contributing to that. Our goal over time is to continue to grow both organically and with add-ons in this medical business to continue to help that balance.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matt Summerville: Hi, couple of questions. First is with respect to Avalon, it looks like they already have a low-cost manufacturing footprint in Mexico, Mike, are there other cost synergies to be had with this business and can you talk about whether or not existing relationships in the medical space you have will lend itself to revenue synergies. Could you kind of address the whole synergy opportunity there?
Mike Hilton: Sure. So I would say the fact that they do have low cost manufacturing provides some opportunities I would say in the near-term, but also from a growth perspective as we look at some of the operations that we do that are more labor-intensive. So, I think there is some opportunities there both near-term and longer term. I would say we are more encouraged on the revenue side, because there are some customers that are sort of direct overlap, where we immediately have a broader product line, but there are other customers that they have and we have whether that opportunity to provide that fuller suite going forward. And as customers move to more and more outsourcing, customers being that sort of OEM channel having a full suite of products and demonstrating that you can meet the technology requirements, the quality control and the traceability requirements and provide the support and service, I think makes sense. And in a market thats been fragmented as we build the bigger portfolio here, I think thats attractive as well. So, yes, we anticipate there will be some nice revenue synergies down the road as we are able to offer fluid product line and leverage either of the Avalon client base with the Nordson client base here.
Matt Summerville: And can you also just with respect to Avalon, is that subject to direct FDA regulation medical device tax, is any of that involved here?
Mike Hilton: Now, we are kind of like one step back like we are with the Value Plastics business, where we supply into that group of key customers that have the FDA requirements. So, we have to provide products that go in and that as the system itself will get certified and a lot of the effort is on the upfront development of the new treatments, therapies, approaches and so its very similar in that regard to the Value Plastics piece of business.
Matt Summerville: Lastly, just with respect to polymer processing, I think it was on your prepared remarks or in response to a question you mentioned that margins are clearly not where you would like them to be more in the mid 20s is kind of where you are targeting longer term, can you talk about when you acquired this group of businesses collectively, where were margins and where are they actually now and how much of the equation to get from wherever they are to say 25% is predicated upon volume versus cost-oriented synergies if you will?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, on average, they are over sort of in the mid-teens kind of EBITDA, when we acquired them. I would say the dyes business in particular has had softer revenue than expected. And so we have had some negative volume leverage there thats impacted the business. So, they are blow that collectively now. I think the volume like all of our businesses is certainly the biggest driver, but in this business, we do have an opportunity for significant both productivity improvements and cost synergies as we look at the overall supply chain. As we talked before, thats not something we can execute in three months, because its more complicated than that, but we are already involved with some things that will help move us down the road of getting more efficient there, but like all of our businesses, number one driver is the volume piece. Here I would say we have more than  more opportunity in our normal business to affect the cost equation. And in the short-term thats our primary focus.
Matt Summerville: Can you just sort of remind maybe what the manufacturing footprint looks like in this business currently and whether or not that is a component of this equation to get that substantial margin improvement off where it is today?
Mike Hilton: Sure. We have manufacturing facilities in every region. So, if you look at Asia, we have facilities in Thailand and in China. If you look at Europe, we have facilities in Germany and Belgium. And then in the U.S., we have a number of facilities from Wisconsin to Virginia to Iowa and Pennsylvania and maybe one or two others. So, there are opportunities to optimize the overall approach there going forward.
Matt Summerville: Thanks Mike.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Mark Douglass: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning.
Mark Douglass: Just to follow-up on Gregs question, do you have an estimate for accounts payable ex-accrued liabilities?
Mike Hilton: I dont have that detail, Mark. I can get back to you on that, but again, the sum of those two is about $240 million.
Mark Douglass: Right. I see that. Just wondering what the timetable was.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then looking at Avalon, you said 11 times EBITDA that would be equivalent to EBITDA in your fiscal 14?
Mike Hilton: Right, yes.
Mark Douglass: Right, okay. So, looking forward at EBIT or EBITDA, what are you estimating would be additional D&A layered on post-acquisition relative to I mean where it was?
Mike Hilton: Yes, Mark. So, we are in the early stages of doing the valuation work. So, we have got our estimates of kind of on a macro basis of what we think those charges would be and thats incorporated in the $0.06 to $0.08 accretion that we called out for 15, but we are not at the point where we have got any of that detail.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And looking at Avalon, what kind of cash-on-cash returns do you expect over the next two to three years? Is it going to require much, it doesnt sound like it, but will it require some investments on your part, what are you shooting for as far as returns?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So, in terms of investment, I think its an asset-light type of manufacturing like the rest of our businesses. I think Greg said sort of to maintain it going forward you can expect sort of 2% to 3% of revenue in terms of overall sort of maintenance type investment. The  we have got capacity in the facilities that we have, but we also have opportunities to grow, I think we would expect the trends that we have seen in the past, which are double-digit top line and EBITDA. They would continue in that business.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then final question, looking at ICS, the real strong order growth, is that a factor of easier comps or is it really just you received some really big orders. And if its receiving some bigger orders, does that imply that there is some longer term deliveries, so that gives you some backlog even into first quarter 15 or will most of this ship in 4Q?
Mike Hilton: Yes. And so just on a typical pattern, we would see the sort of the order rates be strong second quarter to early fourth quarter as people kind of spend their capital budgets for the year and thats kind of what we have seen here, some of this is a little bit comp year-on-year, but very solid order growth there. In terms of deliveries, most of what we can deliver, we deliver in the say maybe up to 8 weeks. So, there could be some that slip over a little bit into the fourth quarter, but I wouldnt say its an unusual quarter in anyway relative to the mix of what gets delivered in the quarter or not. I would say what you are seeing is people are completing their budget work for the year and have let their orders come and we are seeing that benefit and a little bit of year-on-year comparison, which you always have in this business, because its lumpy project-related business.
Mark Douglass: Yes, thank you.
Jim Jaye: Nicole, we probably have time for maybe one more question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I am showing no further questions at this time.
Jim Jaye: Okay. Well, thank you all for attending our call today. This is Jim. I will be around today to take your questions as I always am and feel free to give me a call and can answer any other questions that you have. And with that, thank you again and have a good weekend everybody.
Mike Hilton: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-05-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Amanda and good morning to all who are listening. I am here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday May 23, 2014 on Nordsons second quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until June 6th by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 41277438. During this conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our second quarter 2014 results and a bit about our 2014 third quarter outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. And thank you for attending Nordson's second quarter 2014 conference call. Nordson delivered strong performance in the quarter with sales at the top end of our guidance and earnings per share a few cents above our top end. I want to thank our global team for delivering both the top line and bottom line while continuing to execute on strategic initiatives, continuous improvement projects, acquisition integration and targeted cost reductions. Given the soft macroeconomic environment I am pleased with the solid organic growth of 4% in the quarter. This growth was broad-based and included the majority of our product lines and regions. On a sequential basis sales increased by 16% over the first quarter which we leveraged to generate incremental operating margin of 67% in the second quarter. We also executed on our strategy of returning value to our shareholders by investing $53 million for the repurchase of shares and by distributing approximately $12 million in dividends during the quarter. Looking ahead, based on our current backlog, order rates and customer projects we are anticipating continued strong performance in our third quarter. In a few moments Ill share additional comments about current business trends and our near term outlook. But first Ill turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer who will provide more detail commentary on our second quarter financial results and our third quarter guidance. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Sales in the second quarter were $417 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year second quarter. The sales improvement included a 4% increase in organic volume and a 5% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions. The effect of currency translation compared to the same period a year ago was not material. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment; Adhesive Dispensing sales volume increased 18% as compared to the prior year second quarter. Organic growth was 8% and the first year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition added growth of 10%. Organic growth was driven by rigid packaging, general product assembly, disposable hygiene and polymer processing end markets. And we saw strength in every geography with the exception of Japan. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment decreased 3% from the prior year second quarter. Solid organic growth in products for electronics, test and inspection, fluid management and surface treatment end markets was offset by softness in demand for automated dispensing equipment and selected mobile electronic device end markets. As noted in our press release we have begun to see an increase in orders and projects for these automated systems in recent weeks which we'll benefit the second half of the year. Geographically organic growth in the U.S. and Europe during the second quarter was offset by softness in other regions. Industrial Coating Systems sales volume increased 4% compared to the second quarter a year ago. This organic growth was driven by demand in consumer durable and industrial end markets, food and beverage end markets and UV curing systems for industrial and electronics end markets. The growth was broad-based with increases in all regions except the Americas as compared to the same period a year ago. Overall gross margin in the second quarter was 56.4%, an increase of more than 200 basis points from the level we delivered in the first quarter of 2014 driven by better absorption and product mix. Moving down the income statement, operating profit was $93 million and operating margin was 22% in the second quarter or 23% on a normalized basis that excludes the non-recurring charge related to targeted restructuring activities. This normalized margin is an improvement of 100 basis points over the same period a year ago inclusive of the dilutive effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition and an improvement of 700 basis points on a sequential basis reflecting the leverage we generate on additional sales volume. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis; Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 27% in the quarter, up 100 basis points over the second quarter a year ago and up 400 basis points on a sequential basis. Within the Advanced Technology segment operating margin was 24% in the quarter or 25% excluding non-recurring restructuring charges. This normalized margin of 25% represents an increase of 14 percentage points compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2014. In the Industrial Coating segment operating margin was 16% in the second quarter, an increase of 100 basis points over the prior year second quarter and 700 basis points over the first quarter of fiscal 2014. As Mike noted previously on a total company basis we were able to leverage strong sequential sales growth to generate incremental operating margin of 67% or 69% excluding the one-time restructuring cost incurred in the quarter. Continuing down the income statement reported net income for the quarter was $62 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.96, an increase of 14% over the second quarter a year ago. The current quarter's earnings per share including $0.01 charge related to restructuring cost. As in previous quarters we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain items. On a normalized basis to exclude one-time items in both years second quarter earnings per share increased 15% over the prior year second quarter. The current quarter's EBITDA was $107 million, up 13% as compared to the same period a year ago, cash flow from operations in the second quarter was $55 million and free cash flow before dividends was $46 million. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. Mike previously commented on our execution during the quarter of returning value directly to shareholders whereby we invested $53 million for the repurchase of shares and distributed $12 million in dividends. We have approximately $141 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization at the end of the second quarter and do expect to remain active in the market as the year progresses. From a balance sheet perspective we remain very liquid with net debt-to-EBITDA at 1.6 times trailing 12 month EBITDA as of the end of our second quarter. And we have approximately $280 million available from cash and our current revolving credit facility for strategic investment opportunities. Ill move on now to comments regarding our outlook for the third quarter and I will note that we began the quarter with strong order trends. As we typically do we have provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with the Kreyenborg acquisition included in both years. For the 12-weeks ending May 18, 2014 order rates are up 9% as compared to the same 12-weeks in the prior year. Order rates were robust in all segments and most all geographies with the exception of Europe which was impacted primarily by slower demand in electronics and durable goods end markets. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment order rates over the last 12 weeks increased 7% compared to the same period in the prior year. Order rates increased in all regions and nearly every product line. Strength in rigid packaging, disposable hygiene and general product assembly end markets was offset by softness in certain polymer processing end markets. In the Advanced Technology segment order rates over the latest 12 weeks are up 14% compared to the same period in the prior year. Order rates increased for every product line and included the return of solid demand for automated dispensing systems related to mobile electronic device applications. Within the Industrial Coatings segment latest 12-week order rates are up 4% as compared to the prior year. This order growth was driven by strong demand for cold material dispensing and liquid painting product lines. Order growth was strongest in the U.S. and Asia Pacific within the segment. Backlog as of April 30, 2014 was approximately $247 million, an increase of 25% compared to April 30, 2013 and inclusive of 10% organic growth and 15% growth due to the Kreyenborg acquisition. Backlog at April 30, 2014 increased 7% compared to January 31, 2014. Backlog amounts are calculated at April 30, 2014 exchange rates. Let me now turn to the outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. We are forecasting sales growth to be in the range of 9% to 13% as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic growth of 3% to 7%, 5% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a positive 1% currency translation effect based on the current exchange rate environment. At the midpoint of our sales forecast we expect third quarter gross margin to be between 56% and 57% and operating margin is forecasted to be approximately 24% or 100 basis points higher than the same period a year ago. We are estimating third quarter interest expense of about $3.5 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30.5% resulting in third quarter forecasted GAAP diluted earnings in the range of $1.06 per share to $1.16 per share. The midpoint of this range for diluted earnings per share represents an increase of 10% over the prior years third quarter reported earnings per share or 12% excluding certain non-recurring items reported in the prior year. In summary our global team delivered solid second quarter results and based on our current backlog and order rates our outlook represents strong performance in the third quarter. In addition to this third quarter outlook the following fiscal 2014 full year data points maybe helpful for modeling. We are forecasting a full year tax rate of approximately 30.5% based on current tax log. For capital spending in 2014 we are forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be about $40 million. In addition to this maintenance capital spending we will be making capital investments over the next several quarters as part of our global footprint optimization activities. Specifically we have begun the construction of a manufacturing facility to support growing demand in our advanced technology fluid management product line supporting medical end markets. The new facility will be built in Loveland, Colorado and we will exit a leased in nearby Fort Collins, Colorado. This investment supports our strategy of owning our critical manufacturing facilities and will provide us with configurable space to minimize expense and disruption as business needs may change. We anticipate total capital investment for the project to be $26 million with approximately one half of this investment to be incurred during fiscal 2014 and the remainder during the first half of fiscal 2015 and full year operations are anticipated to begin in the first half of 2015. With that Ill turn the call back over to you Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions I like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. And again I want to thank the global team for the value they provide our customers at a high level of execution. The midpoint of our sales guidance represents organic growth of 5% over the prior year third quarter and 7% for sales growth over the second quarter of 2014. And we expect to leverage this growth with both a year-over-year and sequential improvement in operating margin and strong growth in earnings per share. As we mentioned in our last conference call swings in the external environment can and do occur from quarter-to-quarter. At the same time we do not intent to alter our basic objective and we remain confident that the Nordson business model is intact and will continue to create value over the long term. The model rests on a global team that can be counted on to continue executing at a high level and a passion for providing our customers with differentiated technology and superior global support. In the near term the team will remain focused on driving top line growth from targeted initiatives, continuing the integration activities of recent acquisitions and using continuous improvement initiatives to enhance operating performance. At this time lets turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks, good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: I was just looking for some non-initial color on how you are seeing the engagement by customers around your Suzhou efforts, how thats going?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so we are just in the process of continuing to transfer products there. So we dont have everything transferred yet, but weve sort of completed our first round of development on sort of mid-tier product and will be launching that very shortly in the market place. Weve had some interesting engagement with a number of the mobile players in the Chinese market and had some [referral] sales come through. So at this point we are trying to assess their needs to sort of fine tune our offerings there out of the Suzhou facility. But we still have a little work to do to transfer some other capability there.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, and then on the polymer processing markets would you characterize that as largely over the hump of capacity absorption or still little ambiguity hanging around?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say it's not too much different than what weve said last quarter. You will recall it's really been the extrusion part of that market and the biaxial film that has the over-capacity and we expected to see orders come in towards the tail end of this year as OEM projects evolve and so we expect that really tail end of this year to see some orders come through and a step up in the next couple of orders and thats still what we expect. In the interim as we mentioned last time weve been pursuing other markets like [Guangzhou, biax] film and have had some good success with our new offerings in those spaces. And weve gotten some traction as weve build out our facilities in Asia and approved lead times in a number of our product lines there. So Id say it's encouraging based on what we see today but the capacity issue in the biax film is not cleared yet and we kind of expect that as something that starts to clear up at the tail end of this year.
Christopher Glynn: Great, thanks for the help.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
John Franzreb: Good morning Mike and Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, John.
John Franzreb: I wonder if you could talk a little bit about AT, on the order rebound you saw in the quarter you mentioned that you're seeing some traction in the mobile side of the market how much of that year-over-year rebound can you attribute to the mobile side coming back?
Michael F. Hilton: Well if you go back to some of our comments last quarter and they continue here, when we look across the whole technology space so far this year medical has been very strong; our general fluid management markets have been solid; our other electronic areas like the surface treatment and test business have been solid and it really was the more sophisticated dispense piece that was struggling a little bit out of the gate. And as we said last quarter typically we see orders come in second quarter, third quarter, may be even into the fourth quarter. And I would say what we're seeing here is really the tail end of the second quarter significant orders start to come through and we expect that to continue in the third quarter. So a significant improvement in the step up on the order trend as it has come from the high end high speed dispense in the mobile space.
John Franzreb: And what's the sustainability of that kind of an order trend Mike do you think it's just one or two quarter trend, do you think it's a couple of years of being down it might have a little bit more legs to it?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so what I tried to paint a picture of last time was what we see as sort of the long term situation here in the mobile space. One, the penetration of smartphone in general has moved from a relatively lower number I think we threw out 15%-20% if you went back number of years so pretty high number, say 80%. So we see that trend slowing a bit and moving ultimately more towards just smartphone overall growth. But by the same token we see some players today who are upgrading their capability and moving from say less smartphones to the smartphone space and we saw an opportunity for our mid-tier products which is what we're really trying to do out of Suzhou. That hasn't changed. So the question really is what's the timing of those two things and do they match up and line up? And not 100% clear yet. I mentioned a minute ago that we've got some orders now with some of these folks and we're trying to feel out both the sophistication of their end product and the processes that they'll use. So we have to see how that plays out over time. I would say there would be continued growth. It might be a little lumpy from time to time. And then I would say within the year we clearly have a seasonal pattern within the year where things start to pick up in the second quarter and third quarter and slowdown in the fourth and are pretty soft in the first. As that varies from time to time this year it seems to be fairly concentrated.
John Franzreb: Okay, and the expansion in the medical side can you give us a little bit more color what business line that is what's driving the expansion?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah we're seeing very good growth both in the Value Plastics business that we bought, sustained double-digit growth in that business as well as solid growth in the dispense syringe-related business of Micromedics. We had a product line last year in the [stop cap] arena that is also growing. So that business is growing nicely and as we continue to expand the product line both organically and with sort of these tuck-in acquisitions we see really good growth opportunity there. We also took a holistic look at all of our fluid management facilities and we do think we can serve some of their expansion needs as well through this investment. So sort of an overall supply chain look beyond just a medical piece to support growth over say the next three to five years in those areas as well.
John Franzreb: One last question, in Europe orders are flat year-over-year, lot of lumpiness in the order patterns if you look backwards. Electronics had good orders can you kind of reconcile what's going on in Europe that we are having good orders in electronics but flat in overall book in Europe as a region?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah so I think Europe kind off parallels the general what you see growing in the economy. If you think back last year we were still in a recession in Europe over the last couple of quarters things have gotten considerably better but by the same token if you look at the latest data coming out of Europe it's stepped backwards again. And so weve seeing a little bit of that fits and starts, I think overall from an order perspective particularly for the larger engineered systems that tend to be capital related. And then with electronic specifically it really is linked into whats going on in the auto industry and the penetration in the auto industry more than anything else in Europe and so that what we are seeing continued penetration there which is an encouraging sign. And then I would say our sort of core adhesives business is finally coming back in Europe and that looks encouraging. Even though orders in this quarter are softer we do have good prospect list there. I think it really comes down to whats the macro-environment that we see and with continued mixed signals that we could be up and down a little bit here just depending on how the economy plays out.
John Franzreb: Okay, thank you, Mike. That's nice of you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kevin R. Maczka: Thanks good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning Kevin.
Kevin R. Maczka: Mike did adhesives order rates accelerate as the quarter progressed or even beyond the quarter as well and this may be kind of an apples and oranges comparison. But we are seeing better organic growth there and to the extent to thats the pent up demand finally being released, it sounds like your demand was fairly broad-based but lots of other industrials are just not seeing that or seeing continue push outs and delays. So I am just trying to understand may be where you are different and if its may be a function of you being shorter cycle and seeing acceleration more recently?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so if you look at the business, Kevin I think the consumer non-durable related piece is what has been strongest; so the packaging side of business in particular and nonwovens as well. Id say the product assembly which tends to be more durable construction-related has been up but not nearly to the same extent as the other two. And as you recall we had kind of as you kind of alluded to here we had a kind of softer here last year in the sort of consumer nondurable and I think we are seeing that pent-up demand come through and we are trying to drive new opportunities through technology and applications and we are seeing some traction there. And Id say the one thats not as robust is the product assembly piece that goes into those two areas of construction and durable good although was up.
Kevin R. Maczka: How much of the strength in the order book there is related to new products like the Freedom product versus just the demand, the tone of demand in the end markets being better?
Michael F. Hilton: It's primarily driven by the end markets. Id say we are on track with where we thought we would be on Freedom and in fact we just introduced in May next a year down version of Freedom we call Liberty to address a little bit broader aspect of the market. I think as you know we mentioned we target Freedom at the high end and the customers that are at the high end really appreciate that but where there are some opportunity for some sort of pairing structure weve come out with another offering there. So Id say we are generally on track with the new initiatives, but the biggest drivers really are pick up in the market and quite frankly us winning in the market place and taking advantage of that. And we also as you know have a large installed base. So we are continuing to push using technology to help improve and update our customers' capability.
Kevin R. Maczka: Okay, and just finally from me. We had a small restructuring charge this quarter, now youve got the tech expansion coming in Colorado. I think in terms of your footprint you are usually able to slight go up and down pretty easily given the assembly nature you have. How are we doing in terms of capacity elsewhere? Should we expect other additions will be required here as we go forward and grow?
Michael F. Hilton: Now we are in pretty good shape elsewhere. I think weve talked over the last couple of years about the first the physical expansion in places like Suzhou and the build out of the product line there, with some of the acquisitions we've got additional capability in China and Thailand and it would build up capability there. Here we had a leased facility that we quite frankly we just outgrew given the significant growth we had in that business and in some of the discussions we had around some of the newer facilities and capability that have come with acquisitions theres some opportunity to optimize. So I'd say we are in pretty good shape here. This was something that from day one we knew if we get the growth rate targets in the middle of this we would need to expand and as Greg said wherever we can prefer to own the manufacturing facilities as opposed to lease it, particularly for businesses where we see the long term future looking bright.
Kevin R. Maczka: Okay, thank you.
Michael F. Hilton: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Charles D. Brady: Hey, thanks, good morning guys.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Charles.
Charles D. Brady: Can you just give us the breakdown of the parts percentage by individual segments and particular ease of dispensing of the order?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, overall I think the parts were just looking for a number here Charlie; in the quarter overall parts were about 41%. Adhesives generally tends to be higher than that but I think with the significant step up in systems orders that we have seen really in that business all year its not too different from that 41% and thats really true across the segment. They are not too far off from that total company average, clearly more system sales in the second quarter versus first quarter. So it makes us move a couple or three points from the first quarter.
Charles D. Brady: All right and can you discuss were there any large nonwovens big large systems, lumpy stuff in the quarter?
Michael F. Hilton: No, I think we've had a steady inflow of new orders in the nonwovens side. I would say nothing that we would call out in that regard. Typically in the adhesives segment the product assembly is the area where we could have some also, some bigger systems and in the first quarter we had some comparisons that were tough versus last year because we had some big solo orders last year that didnt recur yet this year, that may well come later in the year. So I would say nothing that we would point out significantly, just a nice steady improvement in the packaging area which tends to be smaller systems and improvement nicely in the nonwovens that tend to be bigger systems but nothing that I would call out as a notable difference.
Charles D. Brady: All right, okay. And just if you look at the value of plastics business for a second can you just give us maybe an update on the non-medical part of that business? It's a small piece obviously but that was an area I think when you bought that company you thought that maybe you could leverage that up and accelerate that because it was kind of under invested by the prior owner.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah I would say that an area probably that hasnt grown as fast as we would have expected. We had some additional traction on the industrial space. We segmented it into certain markets we think are most attractive to the level of sophistication in the components but thats not moving as fast as we would have anticipated. On the other hand the broadening of the product line organically and taking advantage of geographic penetrations probably move faster than we thought. So overall I think we are probably on track. But the industrial piece is not growing as fast as we would have anticipated and the segments that are high end are doing better than some of the others that maybe don't buy the sophistication that we have to offer there. So that scenario we are not as good as we would have thought.
Charles D. Brady: All right, wonderful, one more from me then. Any update on the LED market, any acceleration kind of investment activity going into that space for you guys?
Michael F. Hilton: We havent really seen that step up in a big way. As I mentioned last quarter we started to see orders increase in that space from a lighting perspective but nothing that would say hey the way this is hit and I think thats still where we are at.
Charles D. Brady: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Ursaner with CJS Securities. Your line is open.
Jason Ursaner: Good morning. Congrats on a strong quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you.
Jason Ursaner: Just following up some of the questions you got for the tech segment. One of the big challenges you talked about in mobile had been the issue of form factor and that there really hasn't been any change with some of the major flagship models for some time. We are obviously seeing a lot written about changes coming in terms of form factor. Do you think thats driving some of the strength in mobile or is it simply the industry working through the installed capacity for the high speed -- high dispenser and the [inaudible] put in to your supplier?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, I would say a little bit of both. So you know the element that tends to be consistent and steady are sort of components. So things like camera modules, speakers, microphones, gyroscopes, [inaudible] those kinds of things and everybody kind of does that the same way, and tends to use the same set of vendors that we are well positioned. Beyond that it's the sort of features of the phone. So one manufacturer came out last year with the here is an example of the sort of fingerprint sensor. Others are following suit. That is an example of sort of features that tend to drive new applications. So I would say what we are starting to see here is kind of work through maybe some sluggishness in the first quarter around the supply versus capacity and then some additional features coming through and still some potential for form factor changes it's not just things like screen size, fitness is also something that plays a part here and helps with the level of sophisticated needing -- certification needed.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. I appreciate that commentary. And then margin in adhesives, its back to 27% just I guess when you know at the polymer and plastics businesses are those starting to pull up closer to kind of segment average and how big a gap do you see still relative to the traditional core packaging in adhesive dispensing modules?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, they are improving but not where we need them to be at this point. As we said that it is going to take us a while three to five years to get to that sort of mid-20s kind of margin and we are on that path and the big item that we need obviously is more robust revenue to start in the short-term, are starting to see that improve. I think when the biax piece comes out, comes back we will see that improved significantly. We have got good improvement from continuous improvement standpoint but there are some things around supply chain optimization that will take a little bit longer-term to optimize. So I think we are on the right path but we are not where we need to be yet.
Jason Ursaner: Okay, and is incremental margin on kind of the overall business for polymers is that good enough to kind you get there or you really need biax yield to start coming back, is that higher margin part of it?
Michael F. Hilton: No, so, the incremental margin is good in that business like it is in all of the businesses. We just need the revenue to come back at reasonable levels and its not where we anticipated and quite frankly as we mentioned last year it fell off instead of moving up because of the biax piece. And today its just the leverage, the volume leverage that you typically get on the infrastructure combined with what we are doing from a continued improvement standpoint, a lot of which, a lot of the benefits of which well see when the volumes comes back through. So you will see incremental margins improve as a result of that -- on that incremental volume. So it's sort of a double whammy there as the volume come back. In the short-term you dont see some of the improvements that we have made because the volume has not been as strong as wed like.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And just last question for me. Looking at the part sales how high a market share of the aftermarket spend of your customers do you think you are capturing? Obviously I know you guys are doing a good job there but just wondering is there sort of a big opportunity to increase share, not necessarily in H2 but next year and beyond in addition to just natural growth on the installed base?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so, I think we have said in the past we dont have a 100% of the aftermarket parts for the business, particularly because we have got a huge installed base out there and many of the items have been out there for a long time and so part of our focus from a technology standpoint has been to upgrade the technology and retrofit and the retrofit can take a number of approaches. So we talked in the past about things like our many blue and [surbeat] dispense offerings in adhesives which are relatively simple upgrades for customers that give them more efficient use in the adhesive dispense but also the potential for friction bat. There is more extensive things that from an upgrade standpoint which will be things like the new Liberty product line or the new Freedom product line that's an example in adhesives. So I would say there is opportunity there we're focused on that. It's not like we've got a huge opportunity in the short term there but we think it's a nice complement. And we're trying to reintroduce where we can on these older systems, proprietary technology that give our customers the performance benefit but also have intellectual property protection as well as challenges in the manufacturing that limit the ability to copy.
Jason Ursaner: Okay, great. Appreciate all that, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Global Hunter. Your line is open.
Walter S. Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone and nice quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Thanks Walt.
Walter S. Liptak: I think you started answering this question or maybe I just didn't get it but the -- just the trend in orders throughout the quarter your orders are up 9% but your revenue guidance is a little bit higher than that, was your exit rate for orders stronger as the end of the quarter?
Michael F. Hilton: It certainly picked up. If you look at sort of our normal pattern I would say it's inline in general with our normal pattern which tends to grow from sort of the late January standpoint and continues to grow to peak sometime in the third or may be early fourth quarter. So we saw it mirror the trend. I would say in a couple of areas and particularly the mobile space we saw more of the orders come in towards the tail end of the quarter. And I think as we said last quarter we weren't sure how much would come through in the second quarter versus the third quarter and we saw orders step up significantly there. So certainly in that space it was towards the tail end and the rest I would say followed pretty closely our normal pattern.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, I guess what I am trying to get to and may be everybody else is too is just the orders have been pretty choppy for the last year. We saw a pick up and then they slowed again. And so is this something where we think that kind of a lot of your end markets are beginning to improve and the regions are improving. We get to more sustainable less volatile order trends.
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah and I would say if you look at it there is not necessarily a common theme across each business and each region and so some of the volatility that we've seen is a function of one particular business or one particular region. And the good news when you aggregate it all up it's generally less volatile than if we were focused just on one segment and one region. But I think part of it comes back to what you see from a macro-economic perspective. I think we've always said that we'll outperform the macro economy but we're not immune to it. So we kind of float on top of that, and I think if you look at the last couple of years you have seen a lot of variability in the macro economy and in the macro -- kind of relative to expectations. And even this year as you look to where we are right now you will hear two pieces of good news and one piece of bad news. Everybody expects the second half of the year to be stronger than what we've seen so far in the first half of the year but the most recent data in the major areas around the globe has not been particularly strong. So I think where that impacts us the most we talked about a little bit earlier here is in the bigger investments to bigger systems orders, the things that are more construction and consumer durable related where people step back when they see this kind of uncertainty. So we can have I think to sum it up hopefully it's just a function of what's going on in the global economy right now.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay.
Michael F. Hilton: And I would say in each of our businesses the markets are a little bit different. So last year the consumer non-durable part and our adhesives business the overall consumption in that marketplace was pretty weak. And this year it's improved nicely and we're seeing the benefit of that. We're very well positioned everywhere to take advantage of it when we ought.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, great thanks for the answer, and along those lines you mentioned again that the polymers business should get a pick-up in the fourth quarter. Was it your fiscal quarter or the December year and why was that -- why is that expected to pick up then?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So I would say we are seeing some improvements in orders now based on introducing new technology based on building out facilities in emerging markets. So weve got enhanced capability and lead time. What we are particularly referring to is the biggest impact on that business as in what they call it biaxially oriented film and so think about that as the multi-layer film that is used in all of these plastic packages that you see in the grocery store for everything from drink through detergents and motor oil. And thats an area where there were substantial investment in 2011 and 2012, I think based on a projection of a more robust economy at that time globally and there we shot the mark. And we really expect to see that business be strong in the next couple of years. Well start to see some orders this year. And we are basing that on what we are hearing from the OEM channel which tends to give us some insight into orders that would come to us based on projects that they are starting to work on. So thats really whats given us some encouragement. Overall consumption on the plastic side has remained in sort of the 5%, 6% even in the up and down short term macro environment and the projections from the folks in the industry that follow this are for pretty robust 15% and 16%. And so thats why we are making the commentary and Id say our customer base would support that.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay got it. Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review. Your line is open.
Gregory Halter: Thank you and good morning.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning.
Gregory Halter: I wondered if you could discuss the current M&A environment and what you guys may be looking at there, if its more focused on the dividend and the share repurchase, or if you are still looking for additional companies?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah. So I would say we always want to have a robust pipeline and we do. And I would say we have a goal to have a significant amount of that activity be proprietary and we are working on a number of things that fall into that category. As we said through the last quarter and coming into the year we kind of expected this year to be a year focused on completing the integration of the latest acquisitions, delivering on the synergies, getting ourselves positioned to take advantage of this growth we expect coming back as I just mentioned in the plastics space, and that we would probably looking at more sort of bolt-on kinds of things like we did with the product line addition in the medical space left towards the tail end of last year. But we have a robust pipeline. So from a priority standpoint in the near term it's more likely to be share repurchase which we talked about in this quarter and we indicated last quarter that we expected to this year to be largely through our Board commitment which was around $200 million and so I think we still have about a $140 million left on that but we are active through the whole quarter in the second quarter. And then we have a strong dividend policy. Weve mentioned in the past that we like to get that payout ratio up into the low to mid 20s and we are probably hovering around the high teens and so we except going forward to continue to see strong dividend increases like weve done the last three years. So Id say the priority in the short term is probably more around obviously number one to support our organic growth of our business but itll be more around probably the share repurchase of dividend and the M&A activity is likely to be more bolt-ons in the short term.
Gregory Halter: All right. And of that $53 million spent on the repurchase, how many shares were bought and whats the -- do you have the share count at the end of the quarter?
Michael F. Hilton: The share repurchase activity I believe was about 700,000, and in terms of the share count at the end of the quarter weve got average shares and common share equivalents at the end of the second quarter of just under of about $64.5 million and that compares to close to $65 million at the end of the second quarter of the prior year.
Gregory Halter: All right. Then relative to the four larger acquisitions, Kreyenborg Xaloy, EDi and Value Plastics I wonder if you could run through each of those in regards to where you think you are in the integration of those companies?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, so, if you look at Value Plastics is done and we are running that in accordance with the strategy that we developed to round the product line, globalize the business, add some tuck-ins to it and as we mentioned earlier we need to expand capacity to support the growth in that business. In the sort of polymer processing or plastics area we in a sort of period of 18 months we made four significant acquisitions, the latest of which was the Kreyenborg BKG acquisition and I would say we are through all of the critical sort of integration steps from a back office standpoint from a run the business standpoint to make them part of Nordson. Id say we still, as we talked about in the past, there is some things that are longer term. So optimizing our sales channels, we prefer to go direct as much as we can. Some of those companies had direct in certain places and agents or distributors in others and we are going through a thoughtful process of doing that. We also want to optimize the total offerings that we have now across that full melt stream concept and that take some time because we have to cross train or align engineering organizations, things like that. And then on the supply chain, optimizing supply chain I think we are making good progress on things like our sourcing initiatives. But there is other things that we need to do further optimize that and it will take some time as well. So Id say we are good with all the sort of critical run the business kind of activities and done with the formal integration with the latest acquisition and eventually moving that total capability to the vision that we had when we made these four acquisitions and thats a multi-year activity that we have talked about in the past.
Gregory Halter: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Liam D. Burke: Thank you. Good morning Mike, good morning Greg.
Michael F. Hilton: Good morning, Liam.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Good morning.
Liam D. Burke: Mike can you give us a profit profile of both as you introduce -- as the Freedom and Liberty products ramp-up do you anticipate having profit margins similar to what the traditional adhesive products were?
Michael F. Hilton: We do. I think our overall strategy as we have talked about in that business is continue to be the technology leader to introduce the latest, greatest best capability and to price that in a way that we get paid for the capability but at the same time are conscious of the position we have in the industry. So yes we would expect those products to be equally profitable or maybe a little more profitable than our current product line based on the fact that they are newest greatest technology with the most to offer.
Liam D. Burke: Okay, and on staying with adhesives the numbers are strong on the revenue side, orders were healthy. Are you seeing any change in the competitive front there?
Michael F. Hilton: No, not really. I mean we have got good competitors in that space and I think as you know it kind of varies, the packaging's a little bit different than nonwovens, a little bit different in product assembly, and it varies by geography. But we havent seen any significant change in the competitive landscape. We have got good competitors and you know our goal is to continue to enhance our business model which means both investing in technology but also trying to be the best out there from applications, sales and support and service offering. I think we do a very good job and our team does a great job of that. So we are conscious that we have got good competitors and we want to stay ahead of them.
Liam D. Burke: Great, thank you Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Joseph K. Radigan: Hi, good morning, guys. This is Joe Radigan in for Matt.
Michael F. Hilton: Hi, Joe.
Joseph K. Radigan: Hi, good morning. Maybe can you give us some more color on what you are seeing in China? You have called out softness there in recent quarters, orders rebounded in Asia Pacific pretty nicely although that was against a weak comp so may be what are your folks on the ground saying there about the tone of project activity and visibility because I know it's been pretty choppy?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah I would say it's not too different than what we been saying in the last couple of quarters. We do see a good activity Id say in certain businesses. Those things have come through. So we are seeing nice business come through on the adhesives front, particularly in packaging and nonwovens. Id say with the step up in the mobile thing weve seen orders come through on the technology space. Id say in some of the consumer durable side it's a little softer and I think thats just a function of trying to understand where the government's going within China what level of support they will provide or wont provide, the availability of credit. So I still think there is a fair bit of uncertainty there. We have a good robust project list. I think the bigger ticket items are little slower to come through from an investment standpoint but we still expect it to be a solid year in China. I'd say it is choppy still.
Joseph K. Radigan: Okay, and then may be one more on the mobile piece of the business in advance tech more of a clarification really. The last product cycle in 2012 you saw very strong double digit order and revenue growth for a couple of quarters. Based on what you talked about and seeing this pick up of momentum here very recently, could you see a similar type of ramp based on that? Or is this more of a steady improvement given some of the saturation and other stuff you talked about?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah I would say in the longer term it's more a steady improvement. Id say it's seems like we are sort of getting orders concentrated into a more narrow period of time then maybe we have in the past. So it may be that these sort of cycles are when product offerings are coming out are coinciding a little bit more. But Id say it's more of a steady improvement along the lines of the comments that I made earlier around what we see as long term trends. But it does appear to get more concentrated from an order perspective in terms of timing within a year.
Joseph K. Radigan: Okay. Thanks Mike, I appreciate it.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Mark Douglass: Hi good morning, gentlemen.
Michael F. Hilton: Morning Mark.
Mark Douglass: Can you discuss the dilutive impact of Kreyenborg EDS margins, just give better idea of how the legacy business was doing year-over-year on the incremental margins?
Michael F. Hilton: Yeah, Id say overall what we said is most of the businesses that we brought in that space had sort of mid-teen or so EBITDA margins and we really needed to get those to sort of operating margins in mid-20s and that was going to take some time. And I think Kreyenborg is in a similar place. They are having a good year. We are ahead of where we thought we would be when we brought them. So thats certainly encouraging. But we have the opportunity over time to improve them just in a way that we have with other businesses by introducing the things that we are good and have continuous improvement. Some of the discipline around the marketing and product management and pricing, and then really using them as a nice fit in the portfolio in terms of product capability to leverage the melt stream piece. So end of the day they have the impact like the other businesses did and over time our goal is to get them to that sort of mid-20 sort of corporate average as we go forward.
Mark Douglass: Okay, and in tech, why the restructuring charge in tech? What are you doing there? And you invested more in tech last year.
Michael F. Hilton: We did and in different places, okay. So what we are really trying to do is a couple of things. So respond to the cycles more quickly and figure out how to do that in a better way. And two as we optimize our overall global footprint in terms of building up places like Suzhou to support sort of the tier restructure there we need to look at our global organization and optimize where we have resources and capability and so thats part of what weve been doing.
Mark Douglass: And then finally in the tech ecosystem I could see good growth in your test platform and plasma that looks like it's pretty stable for a while, should be pretty firm for multiple quarters?
Michael F. Hilton: I would say the test piece has come back particularly as we talked about last time with bond test as a good indicator, that continues to be solid and [extra inspection] we are in a good position in terms of the capability that we have there. So our expectation is for that business to be solid. We haven't yet seen a big step up in some of the more traditional applications although some of the things that we're seeing in the test side would give us some encouragement to that. So we're hopeful that's going to continue to improve. There are some new applications on the surface treatment that we're engaged and that are helping drive that and we've got a nice set of product offerings there that support that.
Mark Douglass: Okay, thank you.
Michael F. Hilton: Amanda we have time maybe for one last question.
Operator: I am showing we have a follow up question from the line of John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company. Your line is open.
John Franzreb: Yeah just in industrial coatings we haven't touched on much. It seems to me that the margin profile was substantially stronger than a year ago at similar revenue levels. Is there something in a mix or structurally different that drove that margin gains year-over-year?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yeah Charlie this is Greg there was -- I am sorry John. This is Greg. There was -- it is a mix story within industrial coating, not particularly significant difference in parts versus systems but the types of systems were more of a standard system if you will than a fully engineered system. So product mix was a big driver there. But I would say as we continue to improve the profitability of the business so we've got a very robust effort in the many fronts in that business and we've made really good progress today but our goal is for further improvement there.
John Franzreb: Great guys, thanks for the color.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay.
James R. Jaye: So that's going to wrap up our Q&A period for now. This is Jim, I'll be around the rest of the day if you want to email me or call me we can get some time together if you have follow-ups. Thanks for listening in and everyone have a good holiday weekend. Thank you. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-02-26 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for the First Quarter and Fiscal Year 2014 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Nicole, and good morning to everyone on the call. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Wednesday, February 26, 2014 on Nordson's first quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until March 5, by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 63062969. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our first quarter 2014 results, and some comments about our 2014 second quarter outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. And thank you for attending Nordson's first quarter 2014 conference call. Nordson's first quarter results reflect our normal seasonality, lower demand and selected technology end markets and regional variations in the pace of macroeconomic growth. We're encouraged by the solid organic growth in the quarter in our consumer non-durable end markets which make up the largest portion of our revenues. Those results set by softness related primarily to select applications in our electronics end markets. On a geographic basis, conditions remained mixed with organic volume growth during the quarter in the U.S., Americas, and Europe being offset by softness in Japan and Asia Pacific. We've begun and will continue to make near-term adjustments to spending as prudent in this mixed environment. Quite frankly, our top line performance in recent quarters has been below our long-term expectations. At the same time, our global team is strongly positioned to capture demand when and where it occurs. And we remain optimistic about our prospects over the next several quarters. In a few moments, I'll share additional comments about those prospects, current business trends and our near-term outlook. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide more detailed commentary on our first quarter financial results as well as some comments on our guidance for the second quarter of 2014. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. Sales in the quarter were $359 million, an increase of 4% over the prior year first quarter. Overall, the sales improvement included a 6% increase related to the first-year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition a 1% decrease in organic volume, and a negative 1% impact related to the unfavorable effects of currency translation primarily related to the devaluation of the Japanese yen. Looking at the sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing delivered a relatively strong quarter where overall sales volume increased 4% on an organic basis and 16% due to the first-year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition as compared to the prior year first quarter. The organic growth was broad-based across most product lines. On a geographic basis, we generated organic growth in all regions except Japan in this segment where this region was impacted by the timing of nonwoven system sales. Overall, we are pleased with the growth rates in the segment. Given the generally soft macroeconomic backdrop and particularly pleased with the return of solid growth in standard systems supporting the rigid packaging needs of consumer non-durable end markets across most, all regions. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment decreased 10% in the quarter from the prior-year first quarter. Growth was solid for fluid management components serving medical and general industrial end markets and for test and inspection equipment in electronics end markets. This growth was offset by softness in automated dispensing systems for mobile device and other niche electronic end markets. Going into the quarter, we had fairly strong order growth rates as compared to the prior year. However, during the quarter, the pace of orders for some product lines slowed, which impacted the quarter sales. Michael has more to say about the mobile device end markets and the impact on our business. The softness in mobile demand impacted performance in most all regions within this segment where we otherwise experienced growth in other product lines. Within the Industrial Coating segment, sales volume in the current quarter decreased 3% compared to the prior-year first quarter, a period in which this segment delivered organic growth of 38% over the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Growth in powder and liquid coating product lines for durable goods and markets was offset by softness in other product lines. Organic volume growth in the U.S., in the Americas was offset by softness in other geographies. Gross margin in the first quarter was 54% or 55% excluding a non-recurring charge of approximately $2.3 million related to the short-term purchase accounting associated with a step up in the value of inventory acquired in the Kreyenborg acquisition. As compared to the prior year, gross margin was impacted most in the quarter by the dilutive effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition. Unfavorable absorption due to lower organic volume also impacted total company gross margin. Moving down the income statement, operating profit was $54 million and operating margin was 15% in the first quarter, or 16% excluding the non-recurring charge related to acquired inventory. Negative leverage due to lower sales in Advanced Technology had the biggest unfavorable impact on total company operating margin compared to the prior year. As a reminder, our first-quarter margin is typically our lowest given the seasonality of our business. Sales growth in future quarters should provide considerable leverage on operating margin. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 23% in the quarter, or 24% excluding the short-term purchase accounting charges noted previously. Excluding the entire impact of the Kreyenborg acquisition on the quarter, this segment's operating margin improved over the prior year's 24% operating margin with strong incremental margin on the growth and the legacy business. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin for the first quarter was 11%, reflecting the impact of lower volume as compared to the prior year's first quarter. We expect to leverage sequential sales volume growth to generate improved operating margin performance as the year progresses. However, we will continue to manage spending to match the pace of the business. In the Industrial Coating segment, operating margin was 9% in the quarter, also reflective of the lower volume as compared to the prior year's first quarter. This operating margin performance is within our range of expectations for this segment given the quarter's level of revenue and product mix, and we do expect sequential growth in sales along with a leveraged impact on operating margin in the future quarters of fiscal 2014. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter was $35 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.54. As in previous quarters, we have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule on our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain items. The current quarter's earnings per share include a $0.02 charge for short-term purchase accounting related to the step-up in the value of the inventory acquired from the Kreyenborg acquisition. The current quarter's EBITDA was $68 million. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter increased 20% over the same period a year ago to $48 million. First quarter free cash flow before dividends was $40 million, 114% of net income, again, representing strong cash conversion. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. We continued our disciplined and balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter where we return value directly to shareholders through dividends and our share repurchase program totaling $14 million. We had approximately $194 million remaining on our current share repurchase authorization at the end of the first quarter. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid with net debt at 1.6x trailing 12-month EBITDA as of the end of the first quarter, and we have approximately $310 million available from cash and our current revolving credit facility. Before moving on to our second quarter outlook, let me provide some comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we've provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with the Kreyenborg acquisition included in both years. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending February 16, 2014, they are down 4% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, orders over the last 12 weeks increased 5% compared to the same period in the prior year. Order rates increased in all product lines except those serving general products assembly markets and in all regions except Asia Pacific. As noted with our sales growth in the first quarter, we are pleased with this segment's order growth, particularly in light of some market dynamics and macroeconomic trends we've commented on previously. In the Advanced Technology segment, orders over the latest 12 weeks are down 13% compared to the same period in the prior year, most notably in the automated dispense systems associated with mobile and other electronic end markets. Orders for test and inspection systems, surface treatment systems and those product lines serving medical applications were notably strong in the quarter. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 17% as compared to the prior year. A large portion of the orders within this segment tend to be larger dollar orders causing swings in order patterns, and these orders tend to have longer lead times. With that, our current forecast does include sequential growth in sales for this segment. These order rates reflect the varying pace of activity we are seeing by end market and region. Strength in consumer non-durable end markets such as packaging and disposable hygiene, flexible packaging and other polymer processing end markets, tests and inspection and medical end markets is being offset by softness in consumer durable and selected electronics end markets. Regionally, Asia Pacific continues to show the most near term softness, but our long-term view for this area continues to be positive. Backlog at the end of the first quarter was up 23% compared to end of the first quarter a year ago. The increase was inclusive of 4% organic growth, and 19% growth due to the Kreyenborg acquisition. Current backlog increased 5% compared to the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Let me now turn to the outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2014. We are forecasting sales growth to be in the range of 5% to 9%, as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic growth of 0% to 4%, and 5% growth on the first year effective acquisitions. The effect of currency translation is expected to be immaterial as compared to the prior year's second quarter based on the current exchange rate environment. And the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect gross margin to be 56% and operating margin is forecasted to be approximately 22% and equal to the second quarter a year ago. The short-term charges for acquired inventory are immaterial in the second quarter. At the midpoint of the range, sequential incremental operating margin is approximately 66% reflecting strong leverage on a sequential sales forecast increase of 14%. We're estimating second quarter interest expense of about $3.5 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30.5% resulting in second quarter forecasted diluted earnings in a range of $0.85 per share to $0.94 per share. At the midpoint of the range, diluted earnings per share would increase approximately 7% over the same period a year ago. In addition to the second quarter outlook, the following fiscal 2014 full year data points may be helpful for modeling purposes. We mentioned during our last call that we are forecasting a full year effective tax rate of about 30% assuming a continuation of the R&D tax credit. As this credit has not yet been extended for 2014, we are now forecasting a full year tax rate of approximately 30.5%. For capital spending in 2014, we are still forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be in line with 2013 or between $45 million to $50 million about 3% of 2013 sales. In summary, our first quarter reflects our normal seasonality with respect to sales volume along with the impact of both continued challenging macroeconomic conditions and certain unfavorable sector trends particularly in the mobile electronic space. We continue to generate strong levels of free cash flow during the quarter and we remain optimistic about our prospects over the long-term.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and outlook. At the midpoint of our second quarter guidance, sequential sales growth would be about 14% and we would expect to leverage this increase volume to deliver significantly higher operating margin and earnings as compared to the first quarter results. While this is encouraging, and acknowledging the macroeconomic environment has been a headwind, our sales growth has been below our long-term expectations in recent quarters. While we continue to manage spending where short-term conditions dictate, we do not intend to offer our basic strategy. Our view is that Nordson will continue to generate long-term value. As we look out over the next several quarters, let me add some specific perspective about why we're encouraged. Our organic growth strategy rest on best-in-class technology, direct customer service, diverse and growing end markets and emerging market penetration. All of these drivers are intact. On the technology side, we continue to introduce innovative products that provide value to our customers. Specific and notable for the first quarter is our patented new Wafer X (sic) X-ray Metrology platform. By focusing on wafer level inspection, this product offering provides a significant new market opportunity and we expect to begin generating revenue from this new platform in the back half of this year. This is one of several recent product introductions over the past year. More fundamentally, we continue to believe in the long-term growth opportunities afforded by our diverse end markets. Food and beverage markets provide excellent prospects for rigid and flexible packaging applications especially in emerging regions. The same is true for our products serving disposable personal hygiene applications. Medical applications are amongst the fastest growing in the company. And while demand in electronics end markets can vary from quarter-to-quarter, industry and technology trends in this space remain in our favor over the next several years. And we are well-positioned geographically to capture the increasing demand from emerging markets that benefit from each of these segments. We supplement our organic growth with strategic acquisitions. Our track record is one of acquiring good companies, improving their performance and fueling their growth. Recently, we had done just that with our acquisitions in the medical space. We are in the midst of doing the same with the suite of companies we have acquired in our polymer product line. While the polymer product line has faced some short-term headwinds in terms of demand driven by market dynamics, we expect performance will improve steadily and contribute long-term value to the shareholders. Overall, we continue to develop our acquisition pipeline and we have the financial and organizational capacity to continue to add properties that fit our strategy. As we look at our operating performance, we still see opportunities to improve margins. Our continuous improvement initiatives span engineering, operations, marketing, sales and functional areas. We also continue to accelerate and institute best practices across the company. We're making good progress, but have additional opportunity especially in the acquired property. Finally, our business continues to generate a high level of cash, which gives us the ability to continue our multi-faceted capital deployment strategy. In addition to funding organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions, our strategy includes returning capital directly to shareholders. We have increased our dividend on average, 20% over the last three years as we move to a more reasonable payout ratio. In terms of share repurchases, we have been active under this program at a relatively modest level. We expect to become more aggressive towards completing our repurchase authorization during the balance of the fiscal year. In summary, our core strengths include innovative technology, diverse and growing end markets, direct global customer support, a continuous improvement mindset and strong cash generation for investment. These core strengths will continue to drive long-term value creation for our shareholders. In summary, our fundamentals are intact and have not changed. At this time, let me turn to your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Mark Douglass: Hi. Good morning gentlemen.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Mark.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglass: Can you discuss the  can you kind of reconcile the higher backlog, I mean you're up 4% organically, certainly the Kreyenborg in there, but still significant drop in orders, help us kind of reconcile what's happening with the order rates versus where your backlog is and some of this backlog going into third quarter, which is maybe why we're not seeing it in second quarter, you think it would be a little stronger organically in your second quarter guidance?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Let me provide some couple of high level comments. If you look at sort of entering this quarter, we had pretty solid order rates, let's say they continued nicely up until we sort of hit the holiday period, and normally we see a pretty significant drop off in the holiday period. And the way I'd characterize that is, we've been a little slow to see that as orders pick up like they naturally do coming out of the holiday period. So we had sort of the western holidays combined with a little earlier Chinese New Year and they've been a little bit slow coming back out. What I would say though is if we look at sort of level of project and prospect activity and bid activity across most of our businesses and most of the geographies, that's pretty solid. We haven't seen all that translate into orders yet, but we're encouraged by what we see across most of the businesses. I'd make one specific comment around mobile. We had some continuing strength last year in the first quarter in terms of orders that we wouldn't necessarily typically see. And typically, we'd see Q2 and Q3 as the period of time where we'd see the mobile orders pickup based on launch, timing of new products. And I'd say we would expect to see that this year. The exact timing whether it's Q2 or Q3, not clear, but based on the projects we're working on, we're encouraged by what we see as the opportunity out there.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then, Greg, can you just walk us through how we get to 22% operating margin? And with little shortfall in 1Q that the gross margin of 56% year-over-year is a little - is a percentage point lower than 57% in the second quarter. Are you being aggressive on the target operating margin here? Do you think you're being conservative enough assuming you get into the sales guidance range?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, Mark. I would say I don't think we're being aggressive in our guidance for this margin improvement. What's going to drive this improvement is that 16% or so sequential improvement in volume. And so with the level of gross margins that we deliver, with that kind of volume growth, there is a bit of some mix benefit in each one of the segments that will otherwise raise margins. But it's primarily the increasing volume that's going to improve our absorption rates as well.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then just switching gears a little bit on Freedom. Can you talk about the success of the launch just last year relative to other new product launches and has that also done a good job of stemming the entrance of new competitor?
Mike Hilton: I would say on the Freedom side, we've had good acceptance in the marketplace. I'd say the mix that -- sort of a mix of different types of systems in the highest end systems under a Freedom unit go on to sort of the biggest end customers has been very successful, until some of the mid-Tier customers are testing the product, but didn't any other step up. So I'd say units are probably a little behind. Revenue probably on track, and profitability probably on track, and we're encouraged by the level of acceptance. I'd say from a material standpoint there's still some improvements coming from the adhesive suppliers that will add to the acceptance rate there. But we feel pretty good about that technology. Certainly we treat all of our competitors and potential competitors seriously that's why we continue to be the technology leader and innovate. And I'd say we've been fairly successful so far in what we've seen from Freedom. We have other versions of Freedom coming out to support our OEM in different applications later in the year, but right now I'd say a little behind on units but generally on track and revenue.
Mark Douglass: Do these have higher than  like legacy products, better margin from legacy products or what can we say?
Mike Hilton: What I would tell you is it varies on what a customer buys, so the most sophisticated piece includes the full system of the feed systems and the new controls and the new dispense technology and the melting approach. They've got a whole system that tends to give more performance than we get paid for the performance, if their volumes  certain components from that, I'd say it's typical of our historical margins.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Kevin Maczka: Thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Kevin.
Greg Thaxton: Hey, Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: Mike, can you revisit mobile again? It sounds like  I mean, that's clearly been one of the areas of strength for you in the last few years. And it sounds like that surprised to the negative very late in the quarter, but I'm taking from your comment about expecting better order trends in Q2 and Q3. If this isn't an issue that maybe we're not involved in some of the key model or product launches that are coming. So can you just kind of square what happened late in the quarter because maybe I missed it, but I didn't follow that.
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I think your last comment is correct. So to be blunt, we don't think we're losing share in this  in the market. It really is linked to timing of launches. And if you go sort of year-on-year compared to last year, in the first quarter of last year, we had some, what I would say components related to mobile devices that were new and had some business in the quarter from that and that didn't repeat yet this year. So as we look at where our customers are looking to provide sort of the next launch and as we've said in the past, it's more important about what they change, whether it's the size or features to get more new systems and so it's really a function of new products. We are working with key customers on their new products and we'd expect orders to pick up. We're not 100% sure of how much will come in Q2 versus how much would come in Q3. And if you look back historically, it's been Q2 and Q3 into the early Q4 that have been stronger until the last year we had some additional benefit in Q1. And then from time to time, you can always have some orders here and there, push your core deal from one quarter to another. So yes, it was a little softer in the first quarter than we had seen last year. But if we look at the project activity, we feel encouraged and no, we don't think we're losing any share.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. And then it sounds like you're reacting to some of the softness you'd seen here with new cost actions. Can you say a little bit more about that, and maybe describe what kind of magnitude or what type of initiatives you have? How much did that affect, or does that benefit you in terms of achieving that Q2 guidance or these longer-term type initiatives?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So just a couple of high level comments. I think we've mentioned the last quarter that we are going to go in the year expecting to start out a little slowly but from a high-level guidance most people expected the global macro to be better in 2014 than 2013. And I would say that's still the case particularly with some improving strength in the U.S. and Europe coming off as zero. I'd say the start is slower like we anticipated and I think people are more cautious in emerging markets. That said, we are watching our discretionary spending. Last quarter we continue to do that. In addition, in some of our businesses we have built in flexible capacity to ramp up and ramp down as business moderate in the short-term and we're taking advantage of that in the short-term. Beyond that, we're looking at attrition and managing attrition, we're looking at when we bring on new hires for various applications. But in a couple of areas, select products and select geographies, we've also done some internal benchmarking and we're putting some plans in place, there'll be a cause to implement those plans and we'll see a net benefit this year, probably not much of an impact in Q2. We'll see a net benefit this year, it's not going to be material benefit but it'll be a net positive benefit.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. So you've always been pretty tight with discretionary spend and you're always looking at other initiatives in the benchmarking and things that you mentioned. But this is not a big new sweeping at cost action in response to a material slowdown in the second half of the quarter?
Mike Hilton: No, I would say it's more surgical, or we maybe got ahead of ourselves a little bit and we're addressing it to recognize in the current environment.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Matt Summerville: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Hi, Matt.
Matt Summerville: You mentioned Mike that you've gone through kind of this period of internal investment whether it'd be on product development side with Freedom developing more of a tiered product offering across the businesses, and then you also mentioned that you've been a little bit disappointed with the top line. So I'm wondering if you can kind of reconcile those two comments relating that where things not going right for Nordson in converting those internal efforts to top-line volume?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I talked a little bit about Freedom and I think we're pleased with the launch of that. We see that will continue to grow. Remember, we haven't really launched it in Asia yet. We're just doing that in the next few months, so we expect that to continue to trend up. We talked a little bit about the wafer project in my comment. That's the one where we spent a fair bit of money last year on. We've done a lot of testing with customers. We've got some good interest to the first part of Qs that are coming in. So that's encouraging. That's going to be second half of the year orders and then beyond that, but we're encouraged by the customer reaction so far from the launch and that's a brand-new technology area for us. I'd say we have some other areas in the electronics related space that are coming in. Again, the medical space, we've been introducing a number of new products and getting really good traction on that so far. I'd say the areas where things are a little softer  I think geographically, we've seen some softness in Asia and in China particular. And I think some of that is related to sort of macro transition to the consumption-related economy. Now, that said, we have good prospects and projects out there and some of our core businesses like the adhesive packaging and nonwovens businesses have finally ticked up the nice orders there. We've had some anomalies on package  on product assembly with year-on-year kind of timing of orders, but the sort of core packaging has picked up. Similarly, in the coatings business, things like big auto platform, orders can vary year-to-year and we've seen some of that come through in the first quarter. So I would say we're encouraged by what we're seeing on the product piece. We're seeing some select geographic macro impacts, and I think timing on the mobile piece has been a pretty, a big impact here and that reflects over to geography too because most of that is in Asia.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, this is Greg. Just to add a comment on Tiering. I think as we've characterized in the past, we're much further along with that endeavor within the adhesive segment, and are doing very well in those Tiering opportunities particularly in the emerging markets. It's still an area where we have upside within both Advanced Technology and Industrial Coatings. So that's a particularly area where we think we have growth opportunity yet going forward.
Mike Hilton: Yes. And then I'd say as Industrial Coatings, we're making good progress. I'd say on the Advanced Tech, it was all about building our capability in Suzhou and we're just sort of launching the first products there really in the next couple of months.
Matt Summerville: And just a follow up on the margin performance in Advanced Tech, I went back and looked at the last time Nordson generated roughly $97 million, $98 million in revenue. That would've been the first quarter of 2011, and I know this isn't completely comparable, but your margins then were 24%. Today they're 11%. I guess I'm trying to understand how you get that sort of  I mean the detrimental year-over-year was 93%. So I guess I'm trying to understand more behind that math there?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I think that's an area where we consciously stepped up spending to invest both in technology, and we're in the midst of this transition to the East. Naturally, we've got I'd say some one-time cost there in terms of the technology step up and some one-time costs that weren't in 2011 from the transition over to building our capability in Asia and the revenue is trailing the -- that investment. So we are making some adjustments in the short-term, but in the long-term, that doesn't surprise us given that the revenue would typically trail the introduction of both the capability and new products. I'd say in a very short-term, we had significantly lower orders and it's tough to adjust your fixed cost back in the early short-term and that's part of what you're seeing as well, it's kind of a significant negative incremental margins associated with that.
Matt Summerville: And then just lastly real quick with the whole mobile space, I mean we know that there's obviously peaks and valleys there, do you think this is nothing more than just a deeper valley, which is going to be followed by a higher peak? Is that the right way to be thinking about this? You're kind of in this deeper low right now and you're going to get that big boom in the back half of the year?
Mike Hilton: So I think we expect to see orders step up nicely here from the sort of new platform releases. And so the one overarching comment I would make is that we benefit in the last couple of years with the penetration of smartphones and I think as we've talked about in the past, the smartphones are important because of all the functionality in there and the small geography. So if you look at I think, penetration is pretty high on smartphones now. So I'd say going forward, we're likely not to have that benefit by the same silicon people are constantly looking at different form factors and features, and so I think there's a benefit there. And then there's a whole group of new customers who really do think manually today. And so I think a potential upside for us to maybe offset that penetration piece, is to what degree of those other competitors automate. I think from a cost perspective, ultimately they're going to want to do that. But right now they do things fairly manually. So I think in the near term as a question of the timing of that stepping up versus sort of the base business, which is driven by kind of the new product launches and the change in functionality. So I'd say we've benefited nicely from that penetration, and the launch piece has been fairly constant and so there's some other things that people are getting into, like variables that could create some opportunities. So I think we would expect it to be at a significant level going forward year-to-year you could have some swings.
Matt Summerville: Thanks a lot, guys.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Charley Brady: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Hey, Charley.
Charley Brady: On the Advanced Tech, can we just dig into that a little bit more and you covered kind of a mobile side of it, but I wonder you talked about most of the business is up, and mobile is down. Can you give us some more granularity about the various sub-businesses and degree of which they were either plus or minus in the quarter?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So if I'd look at sort of staying on the system sort of side of things, I'd say the expense base is really largely syntax was off pretty significantly. The March business which is a service trade was up nicely. The test inspection business which includes bond testers and X-ray was up nicely. Particularly encouraging is the bond test piece being up pretty strong which kind of indicates the maybe the semi piece is coming back. We also had some dispense opportunities in more traditional packaging come through which is also another encouraging sign that's not necessarily mobile-related. We're not jumping up ringing the bell yet, but that was encouraging. So on the  now if we go to the EFB side, I'd say the markets that were medical, very strong, the general assembly is strong. I'd say the electronics was just okay. Components were okay, but we had some tabletop-type systems last year that were a little stronger than this year and that's really a mobile effect for the guys that do sort of semi-automation. But I'd say the core EFB-type businesses were strong and the metal piece were strong. Our biggest impact, as Greg talked about earlier, was in sort of the high-end dispense systems that were pretty soft relative to last year.
Charley Brady: Okay. And just on the coatings business, did I hear you correctly that you had some slippage from Q1 into, I don't know, Q2 or Q3?
Mike Hilton: No. I think the way I would describe the coatings business is, if you look at what we typically see, it's a pretty soft Q1 because most of the time, it's linked to capital budgets. We still have time to get formalized till end of January. So typical Q1 will be soft and we pick up Q2, Q3, Q4, with three and four typically being the strongest. Last year was a little unusual. And we had a really strong Q4 and a carryover strong Q1 in terms of revenue and order entry and we've seen a more typical year  this year in terms of the first quarter. So for example, I think Greg mentioned that Q1 was like 38% over the prior year and we're into a more typical year. What I would say is, if we look at orders to-date and backlog in that business, it's filling in pretty nicely for Q2. And we look at prospects going forward, it looks pretty solid. We do have bigger systems in that. So for example, we had some strong auto platform orders last year that didn't come through, again, the order entry rates this year and they are kind of more digital and so it looks  it magnifies sort of the year-over-year difference there. But I think Greg's comments we look at things like powder and some of our liquid business. It's encouraging and when we look sort of the bid activity it's encouraging later in the year. So it's the short-term anomalies, I'd say there more than anything else.
Charley Brady: Okay. And just on your year-end guidance organic growth of zero to plus 4%, I guess when we look at the orders down 4%, a fairly decent indicator of kind of more near term sales outlook. So I guess I'm just trying to square the zero to plus 4% with the minus 4% order rate in the most recent 12 weeks. You're really expecting adhesive dispensing to pick up on a sales basis organically higher than that 5% order rate you've seen? Or am I missing something here?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so I think you need to kind of take into account two things. It's a combination of backlog and recent order rates. So if you look and just go back to the prior quarter, you guys were correctly asking us a different question which is your order rate looked good why are you forecasting what you're forecasting? It was because our backlog was down year-on-year. So right now our backlog is up about 4% I think year-over-year. And that's really the strength that we saw in orders coming through October-November and it kind of tailed off over the holidays. And as I mentioned earlier, it's been a little slow to come back. So if you say that's up plus 4%, and you look at our current order rates, and basically some bid activity we think it's not just sort of plus 4%, minus 4%, that's zero, but it's a little bit better than that we think. So it's kind of that combination of backlog and recent orders that you need to look at to make a judgment. We feel like we've provided through our best guidance here based on what we see and it's a combination of those two.
Charley Brady: Okay. Thanks Mike.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Ursaner with CJS Securities. Your line is now open.
Jason Ursaner: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Hey, Jason.
Greg Thaxton: Hi, Jason.
Jason Ursaner: On the gross margin guidance of 56% at the midpoint, Q1's typically represented the high point of the year for you guys. So just wondering, I mean, is this a negative operating leverage from the tech segment or is there something else going on in terms of mix as you look out to the balance of the year in Q2?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I mean typically  that's generally correct, Jason, because typically, we have low systems orders and higher parts orders. But that sort of nuance is being overshadowed by  where we're at on the tech mobile side right now and the sort of negative incremental margin in the short-term.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. So our spare parts percentage of sales was pretty consistent with the prior year first quarter. It's primarily the  absorption issue in a couple of the pockets of the business.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And the guidance is implying SG&A run rate for Q2 that's pretty consistent with Q1. Would you expect a similar run rate on SG&A in the back of your fiscal year given that you're pulling back on some spending? And how much variance is there that's sales-driven for the back half?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So I would say typically, if you look at our year over the last couple of years, we step up in the first quarter with merits and things like that. And then in the last couple of years where we've been investing, it stepped up. Obviously, we're moderating that step-up and looking at making some other modest changes. So I think the second half of the year, you'll see some moderation there, but there'll be some cost implements so you'll have that muted a little bit. But I wouldn't say we'd see the same step up that we have in the last couple of years.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. We will have the impact if we see as this typical an increasing volume pattern in the back half of the year will have some increase in SG&A that goes with commissions and the like. So generally, we have an increasing spend pattern. In the back half, as Mike I think that'll be muted a bit with some of these actions we're taking.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And then the adhesive segment, you mentioned that operating margin excluding Kreyenborg was up year-to-year versus 24% last year. I guess I'm just wondering it's still about 1,000 basis points below the margin from the years before that. So is it permanent dilution from the EDI and Xaloy acquisitions, or if we stripped out the plastics with the standard adhesive systems that you mentioned for consumer non-durables, will that still be generating that load in mid-30's operating margin?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. So the core is still going to be above 30. I mean depending what point you pick, we had a couple of quarters there where it's like all time highs. But yes, it's conceptually has not changed. We do have a big mix effect and as we continue to add the acquisitions, we have sort of where we had that same kind of mixed effect. I think what we said to you is we needed, we got businesses that were kind of in the mid-teens on a EBITDA kind of margin that we wanted them to move into the mid-20s and that was going to be a sort of a multi-year program to get there and not wanted, but probably more like three or four. And we're on path to do that. They got hurt a little bit in the short-term because volumes were off in those businesses but we're encouraged right now as orders are trending up nicely, high single digits in the polymer business in this last quarter and that's really without the biax business coming back yet. And some encouraging signs there and that OEMs are starting to work on projects that would probably translate into orders in the back half of this year. So our broadening efforts from a product line standpoint are bearing fruits, so encouraging indications there from an order standpoint that should play out over time.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And in the tech segment, the challenge in mobile for automated expense, you mentioned unit volume growth slowing from some market saturation but you've also talked about the form factor challenge. So I guess how are you looking at both of those and which is playing a bigger issue with  I guess capacity being sufficient for that market right now?
Mike Hilton: Well, I'd say the saturation in the short-term, if you think about three or four years ago was 15%, 20% and now it's up closer to 80%, 90% kind of penetration. Varying degrees of the smartphones and fairly cheap low featured to fully featured, but that certainly has an impact. I think things that can't drive it from a form factor or to certain customers go to different geographies and also just their continued push to go thinner. That's a good thing for us if there's a continued push to go thinner for example. And then are there extra capabilities that people want to build in whether that has to do with things like fingerprint centers and that kind of stuff, or other kinds of things that they want to put in the films that's a good thing. I would say if you look at the new guys on the scene which tend to be Taiwanese and Chinese vendors, they're just sort of stepping up into the smartphone space and they do everything manually, as I said, today. So I think the offsetting piece there for the penetration of the smartphone side would be growth in business and share their  convincing those folks to go to a more automated approach. I think things like driving cost and availability of workforce in China will ultimately push them there, but may take a little while to get to that point.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And the new technology in wafer level inspection is that exclusively on the packaging side or there's also a potential front-end use?
Mike Hilton: Yes. On the tail-end, generally, it's wafer level packaging, so from the tail-end to the front-end. So if you think about what customers do today is they optically inspect wafers. But as they've gone vertical in particular and reduce  and increase density, optical doesn't work so well and what they've done is historically use X-ray to sample. But as they put more and more value on a wafer, they're looking to do in-line X-ray. And so our offering here is, in effect, the first in-line X-ray, a machine to help multiple-layer chips and high-density wafers. So it's really at the tail-end of the front-end. And what isn't clear yet is, is this going to be a 100% solution, is it still going to be a sampling solution, but an upgraded sampling solution. But there  very encouraged by what we can provide from a capability that they can't get anywhere from optical and it's much better than 3% or 4%sampling kind of approach. So very encouraging early on, obviously this will materialize into orders but the reaction so far is very positive.
Jason Ursaner: Okay, great. Appreciate all the commentary. Thanks.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Liam Burke: Mike, sales were up nicely in Europe, and then it looks like orders are doing pretty well, too. Could you give us a sense of what the make up of that businesses, is it systems being sold for export, or are you seeing actual in-demand in the different countries?
Mike Hilton: Yes, it's a bit of both. I think what you're referring to is particularly in our adhesives area where we have both OEMs for things like nonwoven as well as in our new businesses in the polymer area there are number of OEMs there. You were seeing improvement there. But we're also seeing some improvements in the core adhesive non-durables in Europe. Last year and a half has been pretty soft there and with the zero to minus GDP that's not surprising. And a reduction in things like food and beverage consumption that's packaged, but we're starting to see that turnaround. I'd say even in our technology business, electronics related it's been an improvement there, largely automotive-related and applications we have for the automotive side. And I'd say even some modest improvement in the colorings area from some certain applications. So kind of across the board it's encouraging. We'd like to see more quarters play out to make sure the trend sticks. But if you look at sort of some of the things you're hearing out of Germany, for example, it's been more encouraging in kind of Northern Europe, more encouraging in maybe parts of Eastern Europe, more encouraging. So we're hoping that's a trend that will continue, but it's been pretty much across-the-board in the last quarter or so.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you. And when you purchased the polymer lines, product lines last several years, you had anticipated that it will probably grow at a faster rate than the traditional adhesives business. As we get into the second half of the year, do you expect those growth rates to step up to those types of levels?
Mike Hilton: Yes. I'd say if you look at the underlying demand for plastic, it's still growing faster than, say, in flexible packaging versus rigid packaging even though we're seeing a bit of the investment cycle versus the consumption cycle impact us, particularly in the biax film which we talked about. So even in this period over the last year to year-and-a-half, the underlying growth of the flexible piece has continued to grow faster than rigid packaging. So we see that underlying demand continuing to grow. I think for us, the big uptick will come when we start to see the biax line being purchased because those are our sophisticated lines. And so I'd say an encouraging sign as we talk to OEMs in particular is that they're starting to see interest from the end customers around putting these new lines in. So I'd say we expect to see orders start to pick up at the second half of the year, and most industry analysts are predicting 2015 and 2016 to be really solid years in this business. So in the interim, what we have done particularly in the parts of our business that are in the extrusion side has come up with new products in three other areas that aren't sort of biax film-related area and we're getting good traction on that right now which is why we're seeing some orders start to tick up there. And then on the new businesses, they've been pretty solid. The ones acquired just last year had been pretty solid from a backlog and from a order entry perspective. So yes, I think that fundamentals of the plastics business and the substitution of plastic and the growth, preferential growth in emerging markets, nothing has changed in that. It's really getting the investment of supply demand imbalance there.
Liam Burke: Thank you, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak from Global Hunter. Your line is now open.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning guys.
Mike Hilton: Hi, Walt.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Walt.
Walter Liptak: Thanks for all the color on the advance tech part of the business. So I want to ask a question on kind of the long-term growth rate based on your comments. If we look at the order trend over the last six data points that you gave us, we're at about flat. And your comments are positive over the next couple of years. What kind of growth rate should we be expecting from advance tech when we kind of roll up the semiconductor part mobile, et cetera, is this a mid-single digit grower in the future?
Mike Hilton: No, we think it's still sort of in that high single-digit range. First of all, things like medical had grown strongly double digits. Some of our general assembly kind of applications are growing strongly. I think we're expecting to see some improvement in I'd say, the quarter semi piece of our electronics business where we really haven't seen for two years, the analysts project this year to be kind of a mid-single digits growth rate and next year to be a nice double-digit growth  growth rate and you're starting to hear from some of the front-end guys that things are picking up and improving there. And that semi piece of our business we hope to come back. We haven't seen too much activity in the last year on the OED side, but customers are starting to tell us that they expect there'll be placed some more orders this year for the lighting aspect and that'll be starting to impact us probably later in the year and the next year if they're correct. And then I'd say the  we talked about this in the past, there's the whole part of the market that I alluded in the previous comment when we talked about some of these new mobile guys, but other applications for PCs and servers where you've got people that still do things by hand that we'd like to convert to our lower-featured automation platform, and we're only now getting in the position of launching our sort of first offering out of Suzhou and over the next couple of years, we'd expect to have a more fulsome portfolio to offer from a tiering perspective. So we haven't seen that play out. The other things that we talked about like the penetration benefit of smartphones, that's gone away. So we're counting a number of other things to coming into play over the next couple of years to help us get back into more of the higher single-digit range.
Walter Liptak: Okay, fair enough. When I look at the volatility in the orders, especially over the last two or three quarters, is that something that we should get used to, this lumping  more lumpiness in orders like a little bit less consistent even if we get to that ultimately the high-single digit revenue growth?
Mike Hilton: Well, I think the biggest variability tend to be in the electronics piece, and electronics in general has a different sort of cycle than regular business cycle or the more steady nature of our sort of consumer non-durable businesses. But I think what you see is more launch-related kind of activity in the mobile space, which is typically, I think, adding a little bit to the volatility in the short-term.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Mark Douglass: Hi. Just real quickly, Greg, what was the pre-tax charge for the inventory step-up and is there any more coming in 2Q? You ended some of these in 2Q last quarter. I'm just wondering if it's all out.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. The pre-tax was about $2.3 million and given actual inventory turns; it's an immaterial amount that will hit in the second quarter. So I'd say those charges are behind us now.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Thank you.
Jim Jaye: And, Nicole, with that, I think we're going to have to end our call. This is Jim. Thanks for participating. If you have follow-ups, I'll be around today and be glad to take those. So thank you very much for joining us today.
Mike Hilton: Yes. Thank you. We really appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-12-12 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013 conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Nicole, and good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations, and I'm here today with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 12, 2013, on Nordson's fourth quarter and full year results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until December 19 by calling (404)537-3406. You will need to reference ID# 17282893. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our 2013 fourth quarter and full year results and a bit about our first quarter 2014 outlook. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for attending Nordson's fourth quarter 2013 conference call. At a high level, our fourth quarter looked a lot like our third quarter. Our global team delivered solid results in a slow macroeconomic environment any comparison to a particularly strong period of demand a year ago. Sales and diluted earnings per share for the quarter were within our range of guidance. I'm pleased to report that our fourth quarter results helped us achieve record full year revenue for the third consecutive year. Full year operating results, earnings and cash flow were solid even as we continued making strategic investments that will drive our future success. We also returned approximately $71 million directly to our shareholders during the year through dividends and share repurchase. I congratulate our global team on a job well done this year as they remained focused on meeting our customers' needs at the highest level, executing on a variety of continuous improvement initiatives and integrating recent acquisitions. Looking forward to the first quarter of 2014, our most recent 12 week order rates are positive in all segments and most geographies. In a few moments, I'll share additional comments about the current business trends and our outlook, but I'll first turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who'll provide more detailed commentary on our fourth quarter and full year financial results, as well as some comments on our guidance for the first quarter of 2014. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. As Mike described, we delivered solid fourth quarter results given the macro-environment and challenging prior year comparisons, with sales in the quarter of $411 million, a decrease of 6% over the prior year fourth quarter. Fourth quarter sales included a 4% increase related to the first year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition, a 9% decrease in organic volume and a negative 1% impact related to unfavorable effects of currency translation as compared to the same period a year ago. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing sales volume increased 3% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter, with all of the increase coming from the first year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition. Helping to offset a 5% organic volume decrease where organic volume growth and product line serving rigid packaging and general product assembly markets, was offset by softness in product line serving disposable hygiene and plastics end markets during the quarter. On a geographic basis, we did see organic growth in Japan within this segment. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment decreased 14% in the quarter from the prior year fourth quarter, a period in which this segment delivered organic growth of 26%. Strength in medical end markets and niche applications for surface treatment systems during this year's fourth quarter was offset by softness in electronics end markets. Organic volume growth in the U.S. and Europe was offset by softness in other geographies. Within the Industrial Coating segment, sales volume in the quarter decreased 11% compared to the prior year fourth quarter, a period in which this segment delivered organic growth of 39%. Against this very strong period of a year ago, volume decreased in most product lines serving this consumer durable goods markets. Most geographies also were soft with the exception of Japan and the Americas. Total company gross margin in the fourth quarter was 55%, the same level as the year ago. Excluding a nonrecurring charge of approximately $1 million related to the step-up in the value of inventory acquired in the Kreyenborg transaction, gross margin was 56% and consistent with the level delivered in the third quarter of fiscal 2013. As we move down the income statement, you will see the impact of negative leverage due to lower sales as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2013, operating profit was $87 million and operating margin was 21% or 22% without the impact of Kreyenborg, and equal to our guidance. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 27% in the quarter or 28% excluding the Kreyenborg acquisition, a level equal to the fourth quarter a year ago and sequentially higher than any other quarter during fiscal 2013. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin for the quarter was 21%. Consistent with my previous comments on total company margins, the decline in revenue from year-to-year is impacting this segment's margins. In the Industrial Coating segment, operating margin improved over last year's fourth quarter level to 17%. This strong performance, given lower volume in the quarter compared to the prior year, reflects the ongoing effect of continuous improvement initiatives and a more favorable sales mix. On a sequential basis, we are encouraged by sales and operating margin improvements we are seeing in portions of the business. From the third to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, excluding the fourth quarter Kreyenborg acquisition, Adhesive Dispensing sales grew 5% and a 58% incremental margin on the sales increase improved operating margin by 2 percentage points to 28%. During the same period, Industrial Coating sales grew 16% and operating margin improved by 3 percentage points to 17%, with incremental margins of 36% on the increased volume. Though we did not see the same pattern within Advanced Technology, this is not atypical given the more seasonal nature of some of the segment's semiconductor related end markets. We did continue to see solid customer bidding and quoting activity in the Advanced Technology segment during the period and order rates there have been positive over the last 12 weeks. I'll also mention that we continue to execute on our acquisition strategy in this segment, Advanced Technology, during the fourth quarter. Specifically, we acquired assets used to manufacture a plastic molded stock cut product line. This product line is an ideal fit with our existing line of highly engineered fittings, luers and connectors for fluid management applications in the medical industry and fills the gap in our product offering. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter was $60 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share are $0.92, which includes $0.01 from the Kreyenborg acquisition and a negative $0.04 per share impact from currency as compared to the prior year's fourth quarter. As in previous quarters, we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain items. The current quarter's earnings per share include a $0.01 charge for short-term purchase accounting related to the step-up in value of inventory from the Kreyenborg acquisition. The current quarter's EBITDA was $103 million. Cash flow from operations in the fourth quarter was $74 million. Fourth quarter free cash flow before dividends was $61 million or 102% of net income, again representing strong cash conversion. We have included a table with our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. We continued our disciplined and balanced approach to capital deployment during the quarter where we returned value directly to shareholders during the quarter through dividends and share repurchases totaling $16 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid with net debt at 1.6x trailing 12 month EBITDA as of the end of the fourth quarter, and we have approximately $288 million available from cash in our current revolving credit facility. I'll provide a few comments on our full year results, where sales for fiscal 2013 were a record $1.5 billion, an increase of 9% compared to fiscal year 2012. Total sales volume increased by 10%, most all due to the first year effect of acquisitions, with less than 1% organic growth. This volume growth was offset by a negative 1% impact related to unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the prior year. Operating profit for the year was $324 million. Net income was $222 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.42, where currency impacts as compared to the prior year reduced full year earnings per share by $0.09. Full year EBITDA was $380 million, a slight increase over the prior year. And free cash before dividends was $225 million or 101% of net income, again reflective of strong cash conversion. Dividends paid in fiscal 2013 were $41 million and share repurchases were $30 million. I'll add a couple of comments relative to the balance sheet that might be useful as you look at changes from the prior year. With regards to inventory, the increase of $29 million over the prior year mainly relates to fiscal 2013 acquired inventory. And looking at other assets, this increase year-to-year is associated mainly with intangible assets and goodwill from acquisitions. Before moving onto our outlook for first quarter of 2014, let me provide some comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with the Kreyenborg acquisition included in both years. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending December 8, 2013, they are up 5% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segments, orders over the last 12 weeks increased 3% compared to the same period in the prior year. Order rates increased in segment product lines serving rigid packaging and general product assembly end markets and were flat in disposable hygiene and polymer processing markets. Orders were up in all regions, except Europe. Keep in mind that orders and portions of our recently acquired polymer product lines can have longer lead times than our legacy product lines. In the Advanced Technology segment, orders over the latest 12 weeks are up 10% compared to the same period in the prior year. Orders for product lines serving electronics and medical end markets were strong as were all regions, except the Americas and Japan. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12 week orders are up 8% as compared to the prior year. We are seeing solid activity in consumer durable markets such as construction, appliances, lawn and garden and transportation, and we did see order growth in all regions except the Americas. We are pleased with the recent strength in order rates compared to the prior year. While order rates for both parts and systems are up versus the prior year, system order rates are driving a larger portion of the order growth rate in all segments. This is encouraging as we begin 2014. However, as we discuss our first quarter outlook, keep in mind that systems generally have longer lead times which can impact the timing of shipments. Backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was up 23% compared to the end of the fourth quarter a year ago. The increase was due to the first year effect of the Kreyenborg acquisition. Organic backlog decreased by $1 million from the prior year. Let me now turn to the outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. Note that this outlook includes the forecast for the Kreyenborg acquisition. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of $362 million to $375 million, an increase of 4% to 8% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume down 1% to up 3%, 6% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative 1% currency translation effect based on the current exchange rate environment. At the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect gross margin to be 55% and operating margin is forecasted to be approximately 16%, inclusive of a $1.5 million short-term purchase accounting charge related to the step-up in value of inventory acquired in the Kreyenborg acquisition. We are estimating first quarter interest expense of about $3.7 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in first quarter forecasted diluted earnings in the range of $0.55 per share to $0.63 per share. This estimate includes a $0.02 per share charge related to the previously mentioned inventory step-up. In addition to this first quarter outlook, the following fiscal 2014 full year data points may be helpful for modeling purposes. In addition to the $1.5 million short-term purchase accounting charge in quarter 1, we expect additional charges totaling approximately $1 million in the second quarter related to purchase accounting for acquired inventory. For our effective tax rate, we are forecasting the full year rate to be about 30%, assuming the continuation of the R&D tax credit. If this tax law were to not be extended for 2014, this would impact our effective tax rate by about 50 basis points. For capital spending in 2014, we're forecasting normal maintenance capital spending to be in line with 2013 or between $45 million to $50 million, about 3% of 2013 sales. This is higher than what I would expect we would spend in future years as we invest in equipment and information system projects that will drive productivity and efficiency throughout the organization. This spending forecast does not include any spending or cash proceeds for that matter associated with our facility consolidation initiatives. In summary, we delivered solid fourth quarter performance. For the full year, we delivered record sales, continued to generate strong levels of free cash flow and continued our strategic investment initiatives to position the company for long-term growth. Our current order rates are strong and while the timing of shipments of these orders is impacting our first quarter outlook, the increase in systems orders is an encouraging sign as we begin 2014.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our recent performance and first quarter outlook. We continued to deliver value to our customers with best-in-class technology surrounded by direct global service and support. Our team's focus resulted in another solid year for Nordson despite much slower macroeconomic growth than many forecasters initially anticipated. The fundamentals of our business remain intact and as Greg mentioned, we returned $71 million to shareholders during the year through dividends and share repurchase. I'd characterize 2013 as a year of investment. Throughout the year, we continued to execute on a variety of strategic initiatives that will position us for further success. In terms of technology, we introduced a steady stream of innovative new products during the year that are being well received in the marketplace. Among our highlights is the new Freedom system, which is the next-generation Adhesive Dispensing equipment for the rigid packaging industry. Other new products gaining traction this year include a number of electronics products such as the Spectrum II, high-speed dispensing system, Jade X-ray system, PECO xMOD dispensing valves. Then in our powder systems area, ColorMax 2 powder coating system is gaining traction as is the new line of bioprocessing fittings in our medical component space. All of these products are helping our customers to become more productive and efficient. I'd also like to give an update on the specific investments we called out this year related to our Advanced Technology segment. As planned, we are beginning to manufacture several product lines for electronics applications in our Xuzhou, China factory and we have increased our sales, service and engineering capabilities in the region. This capability should enable us to penetrate more local and mid-tier manufacturers throughout the region. We also described the proprietary new technology investment during the year. I'm pleased to report that this investment has gone as planned, resulting in product prototypes that are handful of leading customers. These prototypes are performing well and we anticipate formal production and revenue to begin in the back half of fiscal 2014, at which time we should be able to provide more detail. We also continued to execute on our acquisition strategy during the year. The Kreyenborg acquisition adds leading products to our polymer processing offering. And we also added a product line to our medical offering, as Greg mentioned. We're making solid progress on leveraging and fully integrating these and other recent acquisitions into Nordson. Throughout the organization, continuous improvement remained fundamental to how we run the business. We continue to focus on customer segmentation, low-cost country sourcing, heightened application of Lean Six Sigma tools and benchmarking and implementation of best practices. Finally, I'm also pleased with our efforts to invest in our team and organizational capability. Specifically, we increased training programs for our emerging leaders worldwide during the year and we remained focused on other talent development programs. We also executed on our mission of giving back to the communities we operate in, providing $8.7 million to our charitable cause efforts during the year while our employees also volunteered thousands of hours through our time and talent program. Looking ahead, at the macro level, the consensus among most economists at this time is that GDP growth in 2014 should be considerably better than 2013, yet the magnitude and pace of improvement are uncertain. Most regions are expected to grow. The current environment includes modest inflation, low interest rates, low energy prices and strong corporate balance sheets with high level of cash for investment. At the same time, China's ongoing transition to a consumption based economy may continue to be a challenge. In the U.S., the Fed is expected to begin tapering its asset purchase programs in 2014, which could have a dampening effect. And in Europe, the recovery still has not broadly gained full momentum. Specific to Nordson, our current order rates are positive in all segments and most geographies. The good news that the order rates for both parts and systems are up, with systems orders driving the largest part of the total increase. Overall, we continue to feel good about opportunities in the diverse spaces where we operate. In consumer and non-durable goods, end markets demand for rigid and flexible packaging and disposable hygiene products continue to grow, especially in emerging markets. In the electronics markets, semiconductor capital spending forecasts for the year are positive, led by continued strong demand for smartphones and tablets. In the medical space, demographic trends play to our strengths in dispensing devices and fluid management. And in consumer durable goods markets, we see customer investment related to building and construction, appliances, lawn and garden and transportation applications. Our model of global direct sales and service, application expertise and differentiated technology positions us to seize these opportunities more readily than our competitors. We continue to complement these growth opportunities by executing on our enterprisewide and business-specific continuous improvement initiatives. At this time, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Charley Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady: Could you just give us the breakdown between the parts business and the other pieces for Adhesive Dispensing and the company as a whole?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. On the mix, I think Greg is going to pull that number. While he's doing that, I would say, for the year, overall growth was up modestly. It was up probably on the order of 3% for parts and down probably like 4% for systems. So we had step-up, I would guess, this year in the parts and systems mix. But Greg, do you want to add to specifics?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Charlie, in the quarter, our total parts were about 41% of the total mix, and this is all-in including acquisitions. That's trended down a bit from where, for example, we start the first quarter where we have a higher portion of parts, which was about 45%. We ended the fourth quarter at 41%. And on a full year basis, parts were about 42% of revenue.
Charles D. Brady: And then on the system sales, as that starts flowing through, I guess, I'm just trying to understand, and get a better sense of the magnitude of what that might do to margins given that they tend to carry a little margins obviously. What's the magnitude that you might see on a margin headwind if any when those revenues start flowing through the revenue line?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say, in general, the margin impact would be relatively modest, they're really more a function of what's the total volume increase is. And I think as you know, we've got pretty significant volume leverage. So if the volume is up, we're going to see that improvement. There'll be a modest impact on margins, but not significant relative to other things that are going on.
Charles D. Brady: Before I hop back on the queue. Just to clarify, on the Adhesive Dispensing business, did I hear you correctly that the organic business ex the acquisition in the quarter, that down 5% if I back out the acquisition?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, could you give us some color on the acquired plastics business? Obviously, they have lower operating margins, which you're addressing and can do. But could you flip over and talk about the end market demand there and what that looks like?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, let me comment there. I think if you look at sort of total plastics consumption for the year, it was actually up. I think earlier in the year, it was up around 6%. It trended -- the growth for the year trended down probably a few points off of that. The issue that we've kind of faced is investment versus demand and some strong investment in '11 and '12, particularly in an area that we've talked about before at the biaxial film area, which really has created an issue for us in the short term. As an example, we expected volumes to be up particularly with systems orders for plastics this year, and they're actually down and we had sort of the same impact negatively on incremental margins that we have in our core business. That said, the long run, we expect the growth rate of the plastics to be 1 to 2 points above our typical rigid packaging space. And I would say, most recently, we were over what I call a case show, which is a 3 year, once every 3 year show in Europe around sort of the whole plastics business. And I would say, the environment was upbeat and encouraging. And I'd say, even in the biaxial film area, we're starting to see customers talk about new orders. In the interim, we've been looking at pushing the development of new products in areas beyond that biaxial film and taking advantage of a solid plastic injection market. So I'd say we've got a little bit of phasing from an investment standpoint, but ultimately long-term demand is going to be better than our core adhesives business.
Liam D. Burke: Great. And you touched on local manufacturing in ATS to address the lower to midtier market in China. Could you step back and give us where you are in the different businesses on the tiering strategy you have?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say, we're probably in the seventh -- sixth or seventh year in our Adhesives business. It's been very successful for us in terms of capturing a part of the market that was growing. As well as some of that end market and consolidating and moving up to the more fully featured top-of-the-line products. So that's been a very successful strategy for us. I'd say in the Coatings business, we're probably in the year 2 to 3 -- year 2 and 3 in that business and we've gotten some good traction on our products that have been tailored, particularly for markets in Asia and in that case more tailored towards China. I'd say, in the electronics space, we have not yet launched that sort of tiered product and that's really the part of the reason that we're building out the capability that we have been building out in Xuzhou as to enable us to do that. But it's also to allow us to be more responsive to the customers that we already have there. So I think 2014 is a year where we'll be launching sort of the midtier products and would expect to get some traction on those by the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: So backlog looked pretty good and suggests that the revenue guidance may be conservative for the first quarter. I'm wondering if there's a mix shift to longer lead time business or other thoughts on how to translate backlog to 1Q revenues?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd make a couple of comments. There's a little bit of that in there in terms of particularly in the polymer side, where there's some longer lead items. I would say also, if you look at the order rates are solid and encouraging. Our organic backlog is actually down slightly from where it was last year, so that factors in. And I'd also say that we've had some larger systems sort of pushed to the second quarter in terms of customer delivery dates. We always have some of that movement quarter-to-quarter, but I'd say there has been some a few larger orders that got pushed out that might total $4 million or $5 million of impact. So that's kind of a combination that's sort of affecting our guidance for the first quarter.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then in terms of 1Q EPS, it's about flat year-over-year at the midpoint. I'm wondering, could you offer for high-level thoughts on prospects for full year EPS growth or any comments on magnitude potential there?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say -- let's start with what do you think the macro is going to look like for the full year. I think, coming into this year, most people were saying that the global GDP was going to be 3 plus. And really as we've seen it play out, it's going to be 2 minus. And that's sort of our fiscal year. And I think, the particular surprise in all that was softness in emerging markets. I mean, still growth but not near where they were historically. If you look at the kind of consensus now, we typically hone in on IHS global insight, they're projecting 2014 to be in the 2.9% range, pretty close to 3%, with improvement in the U.S. and Europe and some improvement in emerging markets. And that will be a fairly robust scenario for us and if that plays out, we should see the volume come back. And I think, the fact that we're starting to see systems orders come back, in particular, is encouraging. And I think, as you know, we've got pretty significant leverage from a volume perspective, incremental margins tend to run from maybe a low 30% to a high of 60-plus percent. I think, Greg made some comments just on the sequential basis. So if we see that volume come through, I think, we would expect a nice uptick in performance. Of course, we've stood here last year and said the same thing and we didn't see that materialize, I think, people are a little bit more encouraged, I think, this year that the headwinds aren't there, but it's not it's still a little uncertain in the short-term.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And I'll just close with a housekeeping item. What did you just say for the first quarter tax rate?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, about 30%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass of Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass: Looking at the orders improved massively sequentially, would you say that the sign -- the broader electronic space turning or is related to more isolated near-term projects?
Michael F. Hilton: Okay, Mark, you were a little garbled there, so I'm not quite -- you're asking something about the electronics orders and I didn't quite catch it, you are a little garbled. Could you repeat that?
Mark Douglass: Sure. The orders improved sequentially pretty massively, is that a sign of a broader electronic space turning positive or is this still little choppy environment, maybe due to [indiscernible] near-term projects?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say it's still in the category of little choppy. I think, if you look at what sort of the industry pundits said going into last year, they expect that actually the year to turn midyear and ultimately be modestly positive. We haven't really seen that play out in a broad way yet. Their forecasts for the next 2 years is significantly positive, so read that as kind of high single digits to double digits. That would be a nice upside for us. I'd say, we're seeing some signs here and there of an incremental order in the more traditional space basis. But we haven't really seen that turn in a big way yet.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Looking at the Adhesives organic growth, they're running pretty flat a little bit positive last few years. Is that really just a digestion period after really strong recovery in 2010 and '11? Do you anticipate, there's going to be hope of a little better pickup here in '14?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I think, we do anticipate '14 to be better. I would say, we were really a little surprised this year that it didn't take off, even in a slower environment, little bit more. And I think, as we mentioned on a couple of calls earlier, what we saw is from a consumer nondurable standpoint, in particular in the food and beverage space, very modest consumption, in the first part of the year was actually down on an actual consumption basis and the second part of the year was up very modestly. And that, I think, has really factored in general the level of consumption on the consumer nondurable's piece. It didn't really tick up with the global GDP as it would typically do, and we really didn't see the growth investments coming through. And I'd also say, given the uncertainty, some of the projects that we had in place that were sort of enhancements, so technology-driven enhancements for our customers to improve cost or productivity or throughput didn't come through at the rate, we would have expected. I think, that's really more about uncertainty in the global recovery. So I think, as we see a little more clarity on the global recovery, in particular, a bounce back in the emerging markets and U.S. and European on better footing, we have see both of those things coming through. But I think, that's probably one thing that surprised us a little bit was that sort of food and beverage in particular actual consumption being flattish to down for the year.
Mark Douglass: Okay. That's helpful. Last question is you mentioned a new products are working on, sounds like that they're not talking about what they are exactly, but can you say in what segment we're talking about? And are they brand-new or were they are from some sample based on some legacy products.
Michael F. Hilton: Right, so the one we talk about specifically where we called out a significant investment of -- on the order of $1 million a quarter was really in the electronics space. We haven't said too much more about what it does, but it would be something that is new and it wouldn't cannibalize anything else. So it's incremental demand. The way we try to characterize is over the next few years, if it gains traction, it'll be tens of millions of dollars of incremental revenue. But we've also said, it's something new. And whether or not it gets adopted is not a slam dunk. I would say where we're at is that we passed the technical hurdles with -- that were sort of set forth by key customers that are interested in this technology. And as we have mentioned, we've got prototypes out there that they're sampling with good feedback. Now it's a question of market adoption by these critical customers relative to other alternatives they might have. But it's been certainly encouraging at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Ursaner of CJS Securities.
Jason Ursaner: In the tech segment, the weakness you saw during the quarter from the semiconductor back end, was this mainly from the OSATs in terms of excess capacity utilization? And when you're looking at it, is it mainly a demand issue, timing or is it part of the issue you previously talked about with the form factor of new devices not necessarily requiring new or upgraded equipment?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say, if you look at it, there's an element of timing on a year-over-year basis. And I think, we mentioned this in the last quarter, where we saw fairly strong demand throughout the third quarter and into the fourth quarter in the mobile space based on kind of timing of launches. And so, I'd say, we saw that sort of impact this quarter as well because things, as we said, have kind of flattened out. So there's a mobile element of that. I would say that, while you've got normal growth on things like smartphone and tablets, when the supplemental growth that we see that comes from sort of features and form factors hasn't been as robust most recently as we might have seen of a similar period last year. So I think, that's been a factor. And then, everybody anticipated that the -- so traditional back end would step up in the second half of the year. We really haven't seen that yet. I mean, we've seen some orders here and there, but not a consistent trends. So it's been a combination.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And looking at guidance for Q1, yes, just given the length of time left in the quarter, the backlog you have and the commentary on lead times from system orders picking up, it looks like a relatively wide range for the organic volume trends. So at this point, I guess, what would you say is the most significant factors that would drive you to the higher or lower end of that negative 1% to positive 3% range?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I think in the short-term, it can be a couple of orders that get completed and out in quarter. And can quite frankly be in the a couple of big orders can be enough to drive that. We're -- you given sort of our best estimate based on sort of the backlog and the current order trends, but some of the bigger projects that we have if they slip or if they come forward can have an impact there, and that's really what's kind of determining at the margin, the range that we're looking at.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Jason, I would add, in some of our more standard products, even the standard systems, the pace of orders as we get through the holidays here and get into the first part of the new year could have an impact as well.
Michael F. Hilton: We've got a number -- we had many of our segments where they shut down over the Christmas holidays and things like that. So that can have an impact. So we've given you sort of our best judgment here.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And in terms of the orders that you did see, the pickup kind of towards the latter part of the 12 week period, is that mostly end of your spending against capital budgets? And how good a read-through do you see that for next year given the capital budgets kind of still need to be set and your customers and you sometimes ship pause earlier in year 2. Those levels get kind of more set?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I would say the orders are pretty widespread and I would say it's not -- there's a little bit probably of that sort of complete this year's capital budget, but I wouldn't say that's the overriding mix of the orders that we see in place. It's I'd say encouraging in a lot of different ways. And I'd say, as Greg mentioned, the period that we sometimes have a hard time judging is just sort of end the year holiday period to what extent the folks slow things down and how quickly they pick up in the new year. But I would say it's not primarily a capital budgeting situation. There again -- there's a little bit of that, particularly in our Coating business, but that's not that driving force, I don't think.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Jason, this is Greg. I'd add, we're going to have that element every year, or so as we read kind of the order trends, the order trends by segment, by product line, there was really nothing unusual in this period to say that it was driven by a capital cycle or a customer's capital cycle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville of KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville: A couple of questions. First, with Adhesive Dispensing, I think last quarter you mentioned orders were up 6%, this quarter volume is down 5%. I guess and I know some of this probably is seasonality. But beyond that, are you -- I guess why aren't you seeing more follow-through in volume in Adhesive yet?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, Matt. So I would say there's obviously like all the businesses at an element of seasonality. And I think, it would comes back to the 2 things I mentioned earlier. If you look at sort of the consumer nondurable space in general and food and beverage in particular, this has not been a robust year globally. It's been relatively weak in the emerging markets and it hasn't been as robust as we might have anticipated in the developed markets. And so when actual consumption is flat plus or minus, people are investing in the system side of the business, and that's what we've seen is. In particular, the hits been around the system side of the business. And then I'd say the second thing that we've got a lots of opportunity bring technology to bear, to create a nice value proposition for customers and kind of the things that we've talked about in the past around recapitalization and we think customer's holding off given the uncertainty. If you think of a period they went through here in the U.S. with all the discussion around the budget and the debt ceiling and that nonsense that was going on, that just had people holding off. And I think, if you look to Europe, other than Germany, things are not back on track yet. And so, I think, it's really been that investment piece in systems that got pushed out. And particularly, in bigger systems, like Greg talked about hygiene related products, they tend to be more costly, bigger systems and we have seen some softness there, for example.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Matt, maybe a little more specific, at the detail level, you talk about the 6% order rate growth last quarter. We did deliver 3% volume growth this quarter. And as we mentioned, not that we've incorporated some of these acquired product lines, they tend to have longer lead times. There is an aspect there as well in terms of the order rate growth versus what gets recognized in revenue in that particular quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So we would expect, I think in '14, if we see the underlying consumption to go up to see some pickup in investment.
Matt J. Summerville: If we just stick with the uses, where are you most optimistic about the business if we sort of look at it in a couple of buckets, whether it be rigid, plastic, nonwoven, product assembly, where do you see a disproportionately better strength in '14?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I would say, if you look at the year, packaging in general, rigid packaging was pretty soft for most of the year, started picking up at the tail end. So I think, we're hopeful that's going to continue to trend in 2014. I would say in general for the year, the whole hygiene business has been relatively soft and I think that's another opportunity to see pickup. The product assembly has been more sporadic, a good quarter, a bad quarter, relatively speaking. But that's like more towards consumer durable and construction activity and there's some signs of hope there. I think on the long-run, the plastic pieces is going to be good. In the short run, the new products will get traction for us and I think, probably more towards the second half of next year. We should see some of the same stuff stepping up, so I think that's probably a later year phenomena on that film piece. But the new products are getting traction now so encouraged by that. So I think, after this past year being pretty sluggish in general and quite frankly, the prior year not being as robust as we would've expected, in general, we're encouraged with that business should step up this year and we should see some new investment there. Now again, we kind of anticipated this past year, when we thought global GDP was going to be 3 plus. So if the GDP aspect is struggle again this year, we'll be impacted. But if it gets back on a better track, which most people anticipate, we should see that play out.
Matt J. Summerville: And then just another quick one here. Within the Advanced Tech segment, I saw that a peer of yours is launching something that they refer to as the thermal compression flip chip bonder. Is that something that would compete with your technology?
Michael F. Hilton: So there are technologies today which are pre-applied sort of bonded underfills that compete and depending on the sophistication of the application, it could be used. Quite frankly, I'd have to check on this specific application to see if that's one of the sort of traditional pre-applied. I think, we still see good growth opportunity and penetration and the approach that we have given the sophistication of the chips, the size and sophistication of the chips, as well as the stacking aspect. So in general, I don't think we see a big risk or concern there from sort of the pre-molded type of underfill. Now this particular technology referred to, I'd have to go back to our team and understand what that is, because I'm not as familiar with that.
Matt J. Summerville: Got it. And then just Greg, real quick, your pension expense was what for the year '13 and what you expect it to be in '14?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. We expect it to be about $5 million lower in '14 than it was in '13. Our global pension expense was about $25 million. So we see that moderating back to about $20 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter: Just wondered if you could elaborate on your plans on the capital deployment side relative to dividends, share repurchase and then your outlook on M&A?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So from a dividend perspective, I think, our base plan is continue to increase dividends and continue the trend that we've had that I think its top 50 years now. I think, we've talked in the past for a long-term goal to get into the payout ratio in the sort of 20% plus range, and we get pretty close to that. I think from a share repurchase standpoint, the #1 goal is to offset dilution and that varies from year-to-year, but it's sort of a $30 million kind of plus number, plus or minus. And so that would be sort of second, so dividends and share repurchase. And say from an acquisition standpoint, we have a pretty robust pipeline, but we've got, quite frankly, a lot of work in the digestion and integration of the things that we've acquired and that's primarily #1 focus is to complete those integrations, deliver on the synergies that we see there and, quite frankly, on the long run, we see more synergies than we anticipated. And then, your future acquisitions, I mean obviously, there are always opportunistic and if something came through that met 1 of the 4 platforms that we're interested in, we would certainly consider that. But I'd say, this year is likely to see more tuck-in type of opportunities like this small stopcock line that we brought into our medical space at the tail end of this year. And then I think on share repurchase, beyond the offsetting dilution, we've been pretty opportunistic in the past. We have a program, $200 million program, that's open that we utilize in a way, hopefully, that's opportunistic. So that's kind of the priorities. I don't think that's really change from where we're at. We may see less investment in acquisitions in the near-term.
Gregory W. Halter: And I don't know if I heard or if you gave that, how many shares were repurchased in fiscal '13?
Michael F. Hilton: I think, we said about $30 million worth, I don't remember, I don't know what the..
Gregory A. Thaxton: They are pretty modest number of shares in '13. If you went back over the course of the last, say, 2.5 years or so, we probably bought back closer to say 8% of outstanding shares.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Franzreb of Sidoti.
John Franzreb: A couple of quick ones. European orders were down 3% year-over-year after a couple of good quarters of growth. What markets are responsible for the drop in volume there?
Michael F. Hilton: I think, if you look at it, it's fallen in, I think, primarily into our Adhesive area, some of that's traditional adhesive, some of that is sort of I think in our plastics area, OEM related plastics piece. So I think, that's primarily where we saw in the current quarter. That said, on the plastic space, I would say the move from the OEM group, which is in the plastics area, there's a lot of critical OEMs within Europe, largely in Germany and Austria, it was pretty upbeat in terms of opportunities going forward. Now some of those are longer lead time, kind of items as Greg has talked about. But I would say, that was more encouraging at the case show.
John Franzreb: Mike, did you say that the large systems orders recovering in the plastics business x biaxial or is that not the case?
Michael F. Hilton: No. I'd say in the -- that there are particularly in the areas where we the companies we bought were didn't have sort of a good presence in some of the other film related products that were outside of biax, we introduced new technology and we're getting good traction there, so those are I'd say encouraging. And we had some new technology across the board that we are introducing this year that I think, will gain some traction there. And what I was saying is that the case show and through discussions with OEMs, we're starting to see projects on the list for Biax film. Now they are longer lead time and probably start to have an impact more towards the end of next year and into '15, but that was certainly encouraging after probably 2 years of relative softness. And then I would say, the injection molding side has been pretty strong, not quite the same kinds of investment versus demand issue that we've seen. So that helps sort of accelerate our business and our Kreyenborg business. And I would say, one of the businesses that we acquired as part of Kreyenborg, BKG , was the BKG business which is in the pelletizing business, which support the sort of front end of the plastic pellets and adhesive pellets manufacturing. And that's been fairly robust and continues to be pretty robust. Those are also bigger long lead projects, but that's certainly an encouraging sign.
John Franzreb: Okay. In your prepared remarks, forgive me if I don't recall that you said it, but you mentioned a facility consolidation initiatives. It's been sometime since I've seen any restructuring related to facility consolidations. Could you just elaborate on that point and the timeline of those initiatives and just talk about that a little bit?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So I'd say if you look at this past year, the whole sort of move to Asia for Xuzhou, there's an element in one of the product lines of the facility consolidation. So we're in effect the shutdown now one facility in the U.S. I'd say, if you look at everything that we are doing around our EFD and medical device business, there's some opportunity for a smart way to support growth that also involves some consolidation and we're working through that now, and that's something we'll do this year. And then I would say, one of the things that has come with all of the acquisitions, particularly in the plastic space, is a lot of capability and we need to figure out how to optimize that, not only within the plastic space, but also with our sort of core adhesive business. That's probably not a 2014 kind of thing, but that's something that we've looked at beyond that. So we've got a variety of things that we're looking at, one of which probably hits in 2014 and the others are probably be beyond that. But there's an opportunity to optimize.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And we're still finishing up some transaction associated with some of the restructuring we've done over the last year or 2. As Mike mentioned, within the Advanced Technology space, we've vacated 2 U.S. smaller operations and consolidated into 1 facility. We still have a facility in Georgia within adhesive space that we'll be looking to sell in 2014. So we're still wrapping up some transactions associated with some activities that we've completed in the last year.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, there's nothing in that last facility from an operation standpoint, it's just ready for sale.
John Franzreb: Got it, got it. I know it's not as a big of discussion as it was in years past, but I couldn't help thinking of you, when they abolished the 1 child rule in China and the whole potential in the diaper business, so could you refresh me on how....
Michael F. Hilton: It's still a big opportunity, John. If you look at the penetration there, still probably only around 30% in terms of amenable market. And over the next 5 years, we think that moves to 60%. So we do see that as a nice growth opportunity for that business. I would say there's been heavy investment over the last 2 to 3 years to kind of support that transition, but I would expect over the next several years to see that continue to support that penetration. And the other thing that we're seeing there is a move more quickly to the more fully featured kind of products that are popular in the West.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady: Just want to go back on the orders perspective on the 12 week order rate, I know, it's a pro forma for the acquisition, but could we just -- if you strip that out, can you give us a sense of what that existing base business is kind of doing, and particularly in Adhesives without the Kreyenborg acquisition? I'm just trying to understand the order pattern on the base level of the existing business before that dealer rolled in.
Michael F. Hilton: I would say it's pretty similar to the number you're seeing there.
Charles D. Brady: Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thank you everybody for participating. I'll be around later today if you want to send me an e-mail or call me if I had to take additional questions and happy holidays to everyone, if we don't talk to you. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-08-23 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Jim Jaye. You may begin, sir.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Kevin, and good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, August 23, 2013, on Nordson's third quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors, and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until August 30, 2013 by calling (404) 537-3406. You will need to reference ID# 26582072. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we'll have a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our 2013 third quarter results and a bit about our fourth quarter outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for attending Nordson's third quarter 2013 conference call. Let me begin by thanking our global team for delivering a solid quarter in a tough macroeconomic environment and in comparison to a particularly strong period of demand a year ago. We continued to meet our customers' needs at a high-level during the quarter, while also making investments and executing on continuous improvement initiatives that will drive our future success. Sales in the quarter grew by 6% and were primarily driven by the first year effects of acquisitions. Earnings in the quarter were $1.01 per share. On a sequential basis, third quarter sales, operating profit, operating margin, net income and earnings per share all increased over the levels reported in the second quarter. During the quarter, we continued our investments in new products and applications and emerging market expansion and we enhanced customer-facing capabilities. We are balancing these investments, as always, with a prudent approach to discretionary spending. During the quarter, we also announced an agreement to acquire 2 businesses of Munster, Germany-based Kreyenborg Group that will add to our position as a premier supplier of engineered melt stream components to the polymer processing customers worldwide. We'll provide more details on this acquisition later in the call. In addition, our board reiterated its continued confidence in the long-term strength of our company and ongoing commitment to providing value directly to shareholders by recently announcing a 20% increase to our dividend and the authorization of a new $200 million share repurchase program. Looking forward to our fourth quarter, global macroeconomic growth remains modest and has not increased at the pace anticipated by many forecasters earlier this year. Our current backlog and guidance reflects this challenging environment. In a few moments, I'll share additional comments about the current business trends and our outlook, but I'll first turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our third quarter financial results, as well as some comments on our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2013. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning. As Mike described we delivered solid third quarter results, with sales in the quarter of $403 million, an increase of 6% over the prior-year third quarter. This growth included a 7% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative 1% impact related to unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the period a year ago. On a sequential basis, performance in the quarter represents a 5% increase over second quarter sales. Looking at sales performance for the quarter by segment, Adhesive Dispensing sales volume increased 13% as compared to the prior year third quarter, with nearly all of the increase coming from the first year effect of acquisitions. Organic volume growth in legacy packaging and general product assembly product lines was offset by some softness in our nonwovens and polymer processing product lines during the quarter. On a regional basis, Asia Pacific, Japan and Europe all delivered organic volume growth. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment decreased 2% in the quarter from the prior year's third quarter, a period in which we delivered organic growth of 33%. Growth in automated and semi-automated dispensing product lines and fluid management components was offset by softness in test and inspection product lines during the quarter. Softness in Asia Pacific offset organic volume growth in the U.S., Europe and Japan. Within the Industrial Coating segment, sales volume in the current quarter increased 10% compared to the prior year third quarter, driven mainly by the first year effect of acquisitions. Organic volume expanded in powder and liquid coating product lines and in Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas, but was offset by softness in other product lines and regions, mainly large dollar cold material systems serving automotive OEMs. Gross margin in the quarter was 56%, down 1 percentage point from the second quarter due to a higher mix of systems revenue. Operating profit for the third quarter was $93 million, up 13% from the second quarter. Operating margin was 23%, an improvement of 160 basis points over what we delivered in the second quarter of this year, with 53% incremental operating margin upon the increased sales volume. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 26% in the third quarter, equal to the performance in the second quarter of FY '13 on slightly lower revenue, and up 2 percentage points from the first quarter performance, with volume leverage driving this increase. The prior year's third quarter performance did not include a full quarter of acquisitions, so sales mix has an impact on operating margin year-to-year. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin for the third quarter was 28%, a 3 percentage point improvement over the level generated in the second quarter, as strong sequential sales growth generated incremental margins of 46%. Excluding the $2 million of incremental spend within this segment associated with the 2 strategic initiatives we've called out in previous quarters, operating margin in the quarter was 30%. As compared to the prior year's third quarter operating margin of 33%, customer mix and product mix where we have successfully penetrated new applications requiring less sophisticated solutions and therefore, lower average selling prices, are impacting margin. The Industrial Coating segment generated operating margin of 13% in the quarter, relatively strong performance given the high mix of engineered systems in the quarter. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter was $65 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.01, a 20% increase over the second quarter. We've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain items. The current quarter's earnings per share include a $0.02 gain related to an asset sale, a $0.01 benefit related to certain tax items and a $0.01 charge for transaction-related fees associated with the Kreyenborg acquisition. Excluding these items, normalized earnings per share in the quarter was $0.99. The current quarter's EBITDA was $109 million, a 2% increase over the third quarter, and a 15% increase over the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We have included a table within our press release reconciling net income to free cash flow before dividends. Cash flow from operations in the quarter was $92 million and third quarter free cash flow before dividends was $85 million, which represents a cash conversion ratio of 130%. As Mike mentioned, during the quarter, we announced an agreement to acquire the polymer processing businesses Kreyenborg Group, which is expected to close during our fourth fiscal quarter. These businesses are highly complementary to our other recent acquisitions in the polymer processing space, and fit our strategy of providing our customers with high-value, mission-critical melt stream components that will enhance the performance of the systems they supply to end users. These businesses also immediately strengthen our relationships with key OEM customers, deepen and expand our product offering, enhance our overall application expertise, expand our addressable market and add recurring revenue opportunities to the portfolio. We expect to build on the current strong performance of these companies by leveraging Nordson's scale, global footprint and continuous improvement competencies. As we described in our July press release, the businesses had sales of approximately EUR 62 million in calendar 2012, and employ about 270 people. For competitive and commercial reasons, we are sensitive to discussing specific financial performance of the businesses. In general, we would describe these properties as high-performing businesses, with EBITDA margins similar to the levels we have previously described for other recent acquisitions in this space. The businesses are headquartered in 2 facilities in Germany, close to key OEM customers, with 3 additional smaller support operations in the U.S., China and Malaysia. Most of the leadership team is expected to remain in place, and more than 1/2 of the sales are to the Europe and Middle East region, with about 1/3 in Asia and the remainder in North America. About 35% of sales are to plastic extrusion end markets, where we have a strong presence; with the remaining portion serving plastic compounding and recycling end markets, which are new spaces for Nordson. Approximately 25% of sales are replacement or recurring revenue. CapEx is similar to Nordson's at between 2% to 3% of sales. We expect the acquisition will be neutral to fiscal year 2013 results, including estimates for nonrecurring charges for short-term purchase accounting related to the step-up in value of acquired inventory. Over the first full year of ownership, Nordson expects the acquisition to be accretive by about $0.07 to $0.09 per share, again, including estimates for short-term purchase accounting charges. We are excited to add these excellent properties to our portfolio. Our strong cash flow also enabled us to continue returning value directly to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. As Mike noted, on August 16, our board of directors approved a 20% increase to our cash dividend, making this the 50th consecutive year Nordson has increased its annual dividend. And since the start of fiscal year 2011, we have increased our dividend 71%. And the board also authorized a new $200 million share repurchase program. This new program replaces the board's March 2012 $100 million share repurchase program, under which, approximately $41 million in Nordson shares have been purchased. Since the start of fiscal 2011, we have purchased approximately $246 million or 8% of Nordson's outstanding shares at a discount of approximately 35% compared to our third quarter closing price. Even with our investments and acquisitions and share repurchases, we remain very liquid with net debt at 1.22x trailing 12-months EBITDA as of the end of the third quarter. And we have $292 million available from cash in our revolving credit facility. Before moving on to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, I'll provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis, with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks, as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with all fiscal year 2012 acquisitions included in both years. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending August 18, 2013, they are flat as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. As the second half of fiscal 2012 was particularly strong for Nordson, most notably in the Advanced Technology and Industrial Coatings segments, we were up against very challenging comparisons. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, orders over the last 12 weeks increased 6% compared to the same period in the prior year. Order rates increased in the majority of the segment's product lines, including polymer processing. Order growth was strongest in the Americas, Europe and the U.S. Advanced Technology is the segment with the most challenging comparisons to the prior year and here, orders over the latest 12 weeks are down 7% compared to the same period in the prior year. Positive order growth in consumable single-use plastic dispensing and fluid management product lines, serving a variety of industrial and medical end markets, was offset by slower activity in automated dispensing and test and inspection product lines. Strong order rates in the U.S. were offset by softness in other geographies. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are flat as compared to the prior-year period. Order growth over the prior year on the powder coating, container coating and cold material product lines was offset by softness in other product lines. Order growth was positive in the U.S. and the Americas. Backlog at the end of the third quarter was down 21% compared to the end of the third quarter a year ago. This change reflects the current macroeconomic environment, which has caused some customers to delaying placing orders for larger dollar, platform-driven systems that helped drive backlog in the third quarter a year ago. Let me now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. Note that this outlook does not include any impact from the Kreyenborg acquisition. As we have now lapped the anniversary date of acquisitions, we no longer report fiscal '12 acquisitions as acquisitive growth. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of $391 million to $408 million, a decrease of 7% to 11% as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume growth, down 6% to 10%, and a negative 1% currency translation effect based on the current exchange rate environment. On a sequential basis, the midpoint of this guidance reflects a slight decline from the third quarter. At the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect operating margin of approximately 22%. We're estimating fourth quarter interest expense of about $3.3 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in fourth quarter forecasted diluted earnings in the range of $0.80 -- $0.87 per share to $0.98 per share. With regards to capital spending, we are estimating about $45 million for the full year, in line with our beginning of the year guidance and higher than normal due to specific investment programs in the year. In summary, we have delivered solid third quarter performance, continued to invest in strategic initiatives, executed on our acquisition strategy, increased our dividend and expanded our share repurchase program. Our fourth quarter outlook reflects the macroeconomic environment that has gained little to no momentum, and is in comparison to a particularly strong fourth quarter performance a year ago.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our year-to-date performance and fourth quarter outlook. Let me begin, again, by thanking our global team for serving our customers and capturing demand to drive an extended period of very strong growth. Nordson generated organic growth of 8% in the fiscal year 2012 and continued that pace through the first half of fiscal 2013, far exceeding the performance of most other industrial companies and global GDP. Through the first 9 months of our fiscal year, we have delivered organic growth of more than 4%, which has also outpaced the global GDP. On a sequential basis, sales, operating income, operating margin, net income and diluted earnings per share have improved in each quarter of fiscal year 2013. Despite this solid performance, we're not immune to what is going on in the global economy. Global and macroeconomic growth remains modest at this time, and has not increased at the pace anticipated by many forecasters earlier in the year. Uncertainty in the macro environment is not new. What is new at this time is the more pronounced softening of demand we are now seeing in some emerging markets. Part of the softness is being driven by economies transitioning from export and infrastructure-driven growth to consumption-driven growth. Over the long-term, we expect emerging markets will continue to provide excellent growth opportunities for Nordson in all 3 segments. Our current 12-week order rates reflect these near-term conditions and are flat to the prior year's strong performance. The current economic uncertainty has caused some customers to delay the purchase of new systems, especially those requiring larger dollar investments, which has negatively impacted our backlog compared to the end of the third quarter a year ago. As a result, our fourth quarter outlook is disappointing. Near-term, we are responding through more aggressive management of discretionary spending and the delay of nonstrategic initiatives to help offset the current softness in our top line. At the same time, we remind investors that the current outlook is for a single quarter. We are reacting accordingly while maintaining our strategic focus. The fundamentals of our business are intact and we continue to pursue the strategic objectives that will drive shareholder value. These include: market leadership positions, enduring long-term customer relationships, innovative and differentiated technology, direct sales and service, global reach, strong margins and cash flow, a high-level of recurring revenue from parts and consumables, and a talented workforce and a culture of continuous improvement. We will continue to apply our strengths to meet the needs of our customers better than our competitors to deliver superior returns over the long term. At this time, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, you talked about the test on the ATS side being a little weaker year-over-year. If we could flip over to the end markets, could you just give us some sense as to how the mobile and medical markets are looking for you on the ATS side?
Michael F. Hilton: Sure. I'll start with the medical piece. Medical markets have continued to be strong for us across both the dispense platform and the components platform, good progress year-to-date and we're driving growth going forward with a broadening product line and new application. So that's been pretty solid. I'd say, on the mobile side of things, the mobile part of the business has also been pretty strong. We're up against some really tough comparisons relative to last year. So as we got further through the quarter, our order rates didn't quite keep pace with last year. But I'd say, a very strong year in the mobile business, some different applications driving growth there than what we might have seen last year. And we're still looking for some additional growth to come from changes in features and form factor. I'd say, what hasn't come back at all really, and this has affected the test and inspection piece, is the more traditional desktop, server kind of applications that if you went back at the beginning of the year, most of the industry forecasters expected the second half of the year to pick up. We've really not seen that pick up at all, and that's really been the main thing that's affected test and inspection.
Liam D. Burke: Okay. And you touched on emerging markets as they shift from an infrastructure, export to more internal consumer consumption. That should fit in well for Adhesive Systems, where a lot of the systems that you sell into are for consumer applications. Are you seeing a lag there as that transition occurs? Are you seeing any pick up or anything over the next few months or quarters?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say, we're not seeing the pickup as strongly as we would've anticipated. Now part of that is a function of certain end markets like food and beverage consumption, which has really been, globally, pretty flat this year. But I'd say, yes, we're not seeing quite the pickup that we would have anticipated, particularly in China, where there's a strong focus there. So I think what we're looking to see is when that demand comes back, then we'll see the growth there. And I think in the transition, I think you've seen some things recently, for example, where the Chinese consumer is saving more money than spending more money, we're feeling that a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin R. Maczka: First question for me, on margins, it looks like based on your guidance for the year now, EBIT margins are going to come in 300 basis points or more lower than they were last year. And I'm just wondering, I don't think that was the expectation entering the year and I know we had some margin-dilutive M&A and some mix and some increased tech spending. I'm just wondering, can you kind of give a little color on those major buckets that impacted that, particularly, the M&A side? And where I'm going with this is trying to get a sense for next year in terms of what will be better or not recurring, such as the M&A or the tech spend.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes and so -- I'll make a couple of comments and then, I'll let Greg kind of take you through the specifics there, Kevin. Yes I think when, like most other people, in the beginning of the year, we were hopeful that the second half of the year was going to see global GDP growth in that 3% plus, 3.5% range, we're not seeing that. We haven't seen the U.S. step-up in our minds, the U.S. is struggling between 1.5% and maybe, 2%. And China, in particular, is softening and nowhere near, I think in this past quarter, the sort of 7.5%, 8% kind of numbers they're targeting. So that, in itself, has impacted what we've seen in our volume growth and you see it in our guidance going forward. So we're not getting, in one respect, the volume leverage that we would have anticipated if the second half of the year had come back the way most people had expected. Now most people are still optimistic that maybe we're delayed a quarter or 2, but it's coming back. But we haven't seen that yet. So that's an overarching backdrop. I'll let Greg talk about the specifics here.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, I think that's certainly 1 important aspect of the story, and the detail of that is, if we need to see the top line growth to help offset what you're going to see on the spend side with an increase in compensation and other cost from year-to-year. So if you don't get that revenue growth, you might see some margin compression. The other 2 aspects, so Kevin, for example, if you look at our 9-month year-to-date or even within the third quarter, the 3 percentage point change from the prior year, it's really an element of that volume story, but it's also 2 other aspects, which is the dilutive effect of acquisitions from year-to-year and then, the step-up in these 2 Advanced Tech initiatives. So if you kind of factor those out through the 9 months, as well as in the quarter, you'd be about neutral to the prior year's margin performance.
Kevin R. Maczka: Was mix a factor at all, Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Mix is an aspect of that as well. As I called out, both within Industrial Coating and Advanced Technology, mix was an aspect of overall operating margin and it would impact gross margin as well.
Kevin R. Maczka: Okay. In terms of the Q4 revenue guidance, can you just maybe touch on that again? Your orders in the quarter were flat, same thing, flattish year-to-date. Usually, orders become sales fairly quickly here. I'm just wondering why the 6 -- down 6% to 10% volume in Q4 doesn't seem to jive with flat orders. Can you just comment on that?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, Kevin. It really comes back to the starting backlog. So the starting backlog most of -- maybe not all of those orders there in the starting backlog get converted to revenue, and that's really where we're down sort of 20%, relative to a very strong last year. And if you look at it sort of partway through the quarter, where -- our orders last year were continuing to rise, basically driven by Technology and Industrial Coatings, they really flattened for 4, 5, 6 weeks during the quarter here, and that's really translated into a lower backlog. So it's really the lower backlog that's really driving the estimates on the revenue for the fourth quarter. I think it's encouraging that the order rates are now sort of at where they were last year, which is, as you recall, very strong order rates, up 15 percentage points from the previous year. But it's really been that period of time where the backlog didn't build at the rate equivalent to last year that is impacting our guidance for the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady: Can we just look at -- you guys -- you break down the sales by geographic region and the orders by segment, but I'm wondering if you'll -- and the volume segment of that, the -- you said acquisitions are kind of baked into that. Can we extract the impact of acquisitions on the sales by geography to get kind of what your base business sales growth was across the geographies?
Gregory A. Thaxton: And are you talking about the third quarter or on a year-to-date basis?
Charles D. Brady: Yes, third quarter.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, third quarter. I'd say, if we look at just organic volume in the third quarter, excluding acquisitions, we did see growth in Europe and Japan in kind of low single-digits and kind of low single-digit declines in the U.S., Americas and Asia Pacific. And I'd say, going forward, Charlie, on the orders going forward, the acquisitions are helpful to the rates that we're showing there. So the biggest impact has really been around Technology and to a lesser extent, Coatings, compared to strong comps last year.
Charles D. Brady: All right. And I don't know if I missed it when you gave out mix. But can you give us the mix for the business and across the 3 segments and most importantly, Adhesive Dispensing between parts and kind of big systems?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, hang on a second, we'll pull that up.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I think generally speaking, the mix is more product line and customer than parts and systems within the quarter, but I'll let Greg pull the -- pull those specific numbers now. But we do have -- one of the comments that Greg made on the Technology side in this quarter was buy some new applications for our systems business that are good applications but less sophisticated than, say, our most highly -- high-end leading edge technology and so they carry a little different price point, a little different margin point. So we've had some mix effects there like that.
Gregory A. Thaxton: So Charlie, if I -- if I give you these -- the parts and recurring revenue and just for your -- you've got a benchmark out there of kind of the legacy product lines for Nordson. For the legacy product lines in the third quarter, spare parts and recurring revenue was about 43%, and that's down a couple of percentage points from what it was in Q2, it was about 45%. And if I look in the quarter, where the total company on the legacy was about 43%. Adhesives was several percentage points above that, as was Industrial Coating and then, Advanced Technology was a few percentage points below that company average.
Charles D. Brady: That's helpful. Your comment in the release, Mike, about aggressive management of discretionary spending, can you just give us a little more granularity on what you're doing there and what you mean by that?
Michael F. Hilton: Sure. If you look at coming into the year, this is a year that we're looking to step up and make some investments, particularly in technology and emerging markets. And in emerging markets, it's mainly the commercial side. Embedded in that was also some step-up to support growth. So what I would say is, the traditional things that we're managing would be things like travel and living expenses, outside support and consulting fees, those kinds of things. But we haven't seen the volume come through. Based on the softer macro environment, we've been holding off some of the expansion efforts that are sort of the typical growth expansion piece. And now we're looking a little bit more closely, in just this very short term, at some other expenses and resources, quite frankly, that we might add or we may hold off a little bit on adding those resources for another quarter or so. So looking at that, what I'd say is the strategic things, like technology investment or specific transitions like we're doing in the technology business to get more capability local on the ground, it's not impacting. But things that will be normal growth support, we're watching pretty closely in terms of what the resource balance looks like.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn with Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: From what you mentioned, the plastics orders are positive now. I'm wondering if you could comment on the magnitude, give a sense of your ability to gauge sustainability there? And really, same question for the ADS segment overall, are you seeing more breath, are you seeing kind of a tied sort of thing, or is that tough to call?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say, on the sort of traditional Adhesives pieces here, we're seeing improvement, for example, now in packaging, which is encouraging. And I'd say, some modest improvement in product assembly but, say, in the nonwovens area, which is a little bit more capital-intensive and bigger projects, we've seen customers push some orders off there. Some had very dramatic plans to convert in an increased capacity and they slowed those down a little bit in the short term. And we think that's a short-term phenomenon, not a long-term phenomenon. So I'd say it's a mixed bag. Packaging started the year a little soft, it has picked up. Product assembly has kind of been flattish. Nonwovens is probably a bit off. So it's been a mix. I'd say, on the plastic processing side, we talked about the biaxial film and the issues there in terms of sort of supply and demand and our focus was around other applications. So we've got some new products in on some other film applications that are starting to get some traction. It's early yet, but we've got our first sort of units out there and sold with good, positive reaction. And we've also seen strong growth in our fluid coating business, which is a big expansion of what we used to do traditionally in our own Adhesives business. So those things are encouraging. Id say the long-term growth rate there is still encouraging and so we like the business going forward. But I'd say, it's been impacted like the other businesses, with kind of the softer macro and the bigger-ticket items in some of the areas, particularly the dyes, and that's what's been hurt the most as customers have sort of delayed some orders and pushed them back into the next quarter or so.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then, on the overall mobile cycle there, where you had tough comparisons, what's your thought on if that cycle has kind of mature as pertains to the volume levels that you've now attained?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, certainly, we expect the growth in the mobile segment because really, the smartphone piece, to mitigate from what we've seen over the last couple of 3 years because there was a big penetration issue. But last year, some time, I think, across the 50% mark and that's probably 2/3 to 3/4 of what's sold today are some form of smartphones. So you don't quite have the penetration piece. As we've talked about, the things that we look for are feature changes, so you've got the shrink that puts more computing power in there, which is good. But then, the feature changes also drive applications, whether that's things like camera modules, microphones, that kind of stuff. And then, form factor, where the size changes, also drive some additional growth. So it's a function of what the mix is in that area. And then, there's some new applications, some conformal coating applications that we've been involved with this year that we haven't in the past. So we're looking for those additional applications. But I would say, this year hasn't been a huge year from a feature-, function-driven growth, it's been more about sort of penetration. And I think, going forward, what we're looking at and one of the reasons we're making the transition to have capability to design and build all these systems in Asia, is to have the sort of midtier products that, as some of the guys that do things manually today or the different maybe lower-end phones or different lower market share phones today, that we can be in a position to get some of that business as well. Because today, that's either manual or it's, at most, sort of desktop applications. So that's part of our transition. So our view is, you won't see the penetrations continue at the rate it's at. I think from time to time, you'll see these feature changes, the shrinkage piece is always a plus and then, we're looking for new applications and broadening the customer base there is our growth. And then beyond just the mobile piece, we're looking at other areas like MEMs as an area of opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company.
John Franzreb: Mike, I'd like you to expand upon your comment about large system delays. You just touched on the nonwovens piece. Could you talk about it in all 3 business segments? Because it sounds to me that you expected some orders to come in and they're being pushed out, and can you talk about why that's the case and what are you hearing from your customers?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, and so I would say, number one, the general bid activity out there is still reasonably robust. Number two, if you look at operating rates, operating rates are still reasonably robust and we see that in our parts business, which is up. So those are both encouraging. So -- from our standpoint, the baseline is pretty solid. I think 2 things that we're hearing from our customers in North America is an expectation of greater growth that should've come from sort of improved consumer confidence. And we're really not seeing that translate into GDP at the moment. It could be the sequester effects that had people nervous in the short term. But I'd say, in the short term, they're just holding off another quarter or 2 type of thing. It's not, "Hey, I'm not going to do this," it's just not right this minute. And particularly with, I'd say, smaller and mid-tier customers. And then I'd say, we're seeing that sort of similar kind of feedback from some Chinese customers in particular, but other emerging markets, Brazil is struggling a little bit right now as well. We're placing orders, whether that's in the industrial coatings space, which tends to be the engineered systems or whether it's in the sort of back-end traditional electronic space or say, the bigger dyes that we have. It's really a function of near-term consumer confidence. So in China, for example, everybody's cheering yesterday when the PMI got above 50, but that's the first time in 11 months. So I think our view is it's near-term kind of caution and it's not a long-term issue and the long-term fundamentals are still strong. People aren't canceling orders. They're just saying, "Okay, not this quarter. Deliver it next quarter," that kind of thing.
John Franzreb: And in that kind of environment, does the price competition become an issue or it has not gotten that weak yet?
Michael F. Hilton: We've not seen anything significant in the way of changes in sort of the market dynamics. And at the end of the day, our value proposition is really around having the best technology and the best support and service to create that value proposition. What I would say is, things that would be a no-brainer like, "Hey, we can give you benefits and a payout in 6 to 9 months," some folks are pushing even some of those off another quarter or 2 just to wait and see. So that's a little bit unusual and I think that's really just a reflection of the current environment and I think, particularly, where emerging markets are now. Some encouraging signs from Europe, it's only 1 quarter set of data, so we're not jumping real high here on that but it's 1 quarter of encouraging data. Certainly, the view here in the U.S. is that we would expect to see some things pick up in the next few quarters, provided Washington doesn't get in the way again. And I think China is really focused on trying to move things to the consumer piece and they may have to do some other things in the short term to hit their target, but right now it doesn't feel like they're on track to hit their targets, so I think we still might see some more action there. So our view is it's really more short term.
John Franzreb: Switching gears to Advanced Technology in particular, the new product development spend you have going on there. Can you just give us an update on the timing of revenue recognition from that project? Any kind of update would be great.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, it's going to be a next year kind of revenue recognition piece. What I can say is that we have prototypes built and we're testing prototypes so, sort of, typically, these will go through sort of an A series and the B series type of prototyping. But we've got the first prototypes out there and we're testing them with a select group of key customers. And I'd say, to date, the technology has been good in terms of meeting all of our milestones. The customer's initial comments are positive. We've got a ways to go yet to get to, "No kidding, we're going to go ahead and buy these and install them." But it will be 2014, probably, it's more towards the second half.
John Franzreb: Okay. And Greg, if you said this, I apologize, the sequential SG&A number on the higher revenue, whatever it was, about a $4 million drop down. What was that from?
Gregory A. Thaxton: You're talking from second to third quarter?
John Franzreb: Correct.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Some of that's going to be, let's say, performance-related spending. So as we're moving through the year and now we've kind of tuned our outlook for a softer year than what we might have expected. You've got some true-up in some of your performance-based spending.
John Franzreb: So 4Q, SG&A should be similar to 3Q?
Gregory A. Thaxton: 4Q...
John Franzreb: Given that we had a bit flat revenue outlook?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, flat revenue outlook. It's likely to be up a bit sequentially, as you get back to your normal spending rate on this new outlook. Through 9 months, there's a bit of kind of a true-up of where we are through 9 months versus where we had been through 6 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner with CJS Securities.
Jason Ursaner: I'd like to follow up on the commentary before for the automated dispensing portion of the Tech segment in terms of the penetration versus refresh cycle. From an order perspective, you mentioned last year, obviously, was a difficult comp with capacity installations. Expectations have been that even despite that, growing application demand for flip chip could keep orders at that or maybe even higher levels, the timing of orders was a big question, needing to be in place for product launches. So how was that you changed it all, is it the capacity that's in place you used to fulfill more demand than you previously expected? And if orders do materialize, what would lead times look like for that business?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so I would say, Jason, we did probably expect a bit more robust growth in the mobile segments here this year that we're seeing right now. And I'd say, the flip chip piece is doing just fine in terms of the applications. I'd say, we haven't seen as much sort of form and feature changes than we might have anticipated here, and we supplemented that with some newer applications that we got involved with that we weren't involved with in the past. I'd say, the launch cycles this year from the main guys have been more modest, with some, I think, step-up probably in the next year. But we also see some traction coming from a variety of other suppliers, mostly Asian-based that we're developing relationships with and today, they do things manually. So our hope is that our tiered product approaches will attract some opportunities for them to supplement as they grow and gain share.
Jason Ursaner: And what would the margin profile look like on the more advanced, leading-edge, top-tier supplier versus this mid-tier product?
Michael F. Hilton: They'll be higher, it's not like one is 70 and one is 20. They'll be higher but within a reasonable range. But quite frankly, the reason we're building out, as we talked about in Xuzhou, both from a design and engineering and manufacturing capability, is also being able to manufacture locally. So we think those will be good margin opportunities as well but obviously, the more full-featured, the better for us.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And following up on the questions for -- you said -- with the packaging, was there any clear turnaround from the pressure you've seen earlier in the year after the Freedom launch, and in hindsight, were customers maybe holding off at all there in anticipation of that?
Michael F. Hilton: No, I would say, in the beginning of the year, I think if you looked at sort of food and beverage consumption, it was actually negative. And so I think people were holding off because the actual consumption was negative and now that's turned around to be positive. Not largely positive but positive and likely, will be modestly positive for the year. So I think it's really been more of a change in the consumption pattern there. I'd say, with regard to the Freedom launch, we're on track, we expected to sell several hundred here since our launch in May. We have, we've got a lot sort of in the early install and development and some going through full shelf life testing with customers, but the feedback is good. And we really haven't launched the product, we will this fall, into most emerging markets. It really has been U.S. first, then followed about 1 month later in Europe and then, this fall, it will be launched in emerging markets. So I'd say we're on track, but I don't think that's had a huge impact on things. We've really been more of the underlying food and beverage consumption as one of the key indicators.
Jason Ursaner: And for the plastics piece, you mentioned growth. I didn't hear it, but I may have missed it if you gave the magnitude of that growth, but also, how did this break down in terms of replacement versus OEM orders and the mismatch in capacity that you previously talked about? Are you still seeing it at all in that market?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say, the mismatch in capacity is still there, it's in primarily 1 application but it's an important one for the dye business. It's the biaxial film, which is quite frankly, ultimately, will be the highest growth part of the business and the most sophisticated part of the business. But right now that mismatch in capacity, given the softer global demand, is still there and it's probably another few quarters until we see it. And we're working through that. In the interim, what we focused on is other applications, so other types of films that we weren't as exposed to. And we developed products in the last year, placed them now and getting good feedback and continued to work on orders there. The fluid coatings part of the business, which is basically sort of water-based. Applications have been going very strong and that's one that we'll look to expand geographically. And then, I'd say, the other side of that is really, in general, globalizing the business a bit more. We've now -- we've got production capability in China, in Thailand and we're looking to ramp that up as we're able to reduce lead times on the delivery of a number of these products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass: Greg, so what are your expectations for gross margins in 4Q?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, I think our expectation would be in line with Q3, perhaps, up above that 56%, probably somewhere between 56% and 57%, given the strength and likely a mix impact of Adhesives.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then, looking at the 3Q gross margin, I believe you mentioned that a lot of it was weaker than expected, and we were talking about 58% right at the midpoint. Were systems -- system sales were worse than expected? I mean, I'm just trying to...
Gregory A. Thaxton: Mark, I think the comments that I made regarding segment performance where, for example, in Industrial Coating, we had some good growth in our powder systems, those are engineered systems that tend to carry overall lower gross margin. We also have the both products and customer mix effect that we talked about within the Advanced Technology segment. So kind of overall weighting of systems versus parts and then, those particular aspects of the types of systems sold had the biggest impact on gross margin.
Mark Douglass: Because it seemed like some of the larger systems in ICS were given a longer lead time. So were there several that you shipped in the quarter that you weren't aware of when you gave the initial guidance?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, and you'll see that within some of those systems is, from the time that we issued our guidance, that we've got some of those system orders that come in, they may get out within that current quarter.
Mark Douglass: Okay. It wasn't related to production hiccups and engineering problems with some of these systems that you were...
Gregory A. Thaxton: No.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then -- and Mike, you talked about the last I think these 5, 6 weeks -- the last 12 weeks for your orders, the orders just weren't coming in like you had hoped, has that stabilized here? I mean, are they still getting a little weaker or do you feel like things are pretty -- some of the orders are coming back now and really it is, that it's pretty normal?
Michael F. Hilton: We only characterize it, Mark, it's really a function more of last -- the pattern we saw last year, which was continued stronger order growth well into, and really, to the end of the third quarter, which is a little unusual from our typical seasonal pattern. It was largely driven by some bigger industrial coatings projects and some of the mobile launch aspects that went on last year with phones. So what we've seen this year is, the beginning of the quarter trended along that same line, but more flattened out rather than continue to pick up, so the comparison relative to last year and then, the backlog relative to last year, is lower because it didn't continue that trend to pick up. And now we're sort of back to sort of flat with last year and in certain areas, we're encouraged, like Adhesives, is up a bit, that's encouraging relative to where we were. But I think it's really more relative to last year as opposed to being absolutely, significantly down. But we've got a mix. When we give you our order view going forward, Adhesives is up and Technology is down. So we've got some mix effect going on there relative to last year.
Mark Douglass: Sequentially, it's probably relatively flattish?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, that's kind of a way to think of it, relatively flattish, whereas, it was continuing to pick up last year.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville: A couple of questions. If you look, Mike, in the dollar value of orders, if you will, that got pushed to the right in Q2, would you say that dollar value that got pushed to the right in Q3 is similar, greater, less? I guess, I'm trying to get a feel for...
Michael F. Hilton: It's probably greater, Matt, not usually greater but it's probably greater. It's really more of what our customer is telling us as we bid some of these opportunities in terms of, "Yes, we want to do this but deliver it, not this quarter but next quarter," type of thing. So I'd say, the dollar value of the orders that got pushed out was maybe a few million dollars, but I'd say, it's more of what we're hearing around even some of the bid activity is just kind of a feeling that there was enough of uncertainty that pushed it out a couple of -- 1 quarter or 2. So it's more about -- and not across-the-board, just in some of the bigger systems where it's a bigger capital deal, where people are looking at their capital expenditures a little bit more closely.
Matt J. Summerville: On China, specifically and if we can just try and exclude the mobile dynamic that's occurred over the last year, some of which you've talked through a lot today. If you look at China, do you feel like your business is still getting worse, has it stabilized, do you feel like you have better visibility, worse visibility and how would you describe customer access to capital?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, I would say, we feel like it has stabilized. I'd say, the customer access to capital is reasonable. We had some concerns a little over a year ago when, probably this time a year ago, or when the Chinese government was making about-face in terms of trying to control inflation, that's changed considerably. So it's not so much about access to capital, it's really where they're seeing in terms of local demand. And I think it is tied up in this transition to getting consumers to, no kidding, spend more. What's happening is income's going up in the short term, they're saving more, and they're not necessarily translating that into consumption. That's sort of the macro picture. What our customers are telling us is, I think, it's more -- they more feel like it's bottomed out and stabilized, and we're more encouraged going forward.
Matt J. Summerville: Okay. And then, lastly, with respect to EDI and Xaloy, kind of the new platform within Adhesives, how would you characterize kind of year 1 performance in terms of where you were forecasting revenue and EBITDA for the businesses when you bought them? And kind of how that's shaken out and then, maybe, some thoughts on whether or not you've been able to generate meaningful revenue synergies there and how to think about that going forward?
Michael F. Hilton: Okay, so I'd say number one, the integration plans went as we expected; and number two, I'd say the cost side of the equation and the continuous improvement side of the equation is on track, and we see more upside there. I'd say, on the revenue said, we expected this to be a growth year, it's not. Instead of up, we're down and so much like our other businesses, we're seeing sort of the negative impact of volume leverage there. It's largely focused around the biax piece that we talked about, but with softening sort of global consumption, there's some -- the same general types of impact we see in our other businesses. I'd say, we feel good about some of the new applications. I'd say, we feel good about the key customer synergies, we're getting -- we've got some orders in to date, sort of cross-selling and we're encouraged by that. I think with this latest addition of Kreyenborg, which does a couple of things for us in terms of giving us sort of high-end technology in the screen changer business, which gets us into the plastic recycle market, we're not in there today, and they're a leader in that, opens things up for us. And then, having the pelletizing capability that goes beyond what Xaloy had to sort of the key technology that's going to grow, which is the underwater pelletizing, we feel good about that. That also links into, actually, some of our material partners, who are in the Adhesives business. In terms of pelletizing the adhesives, so there's some interchange there. And I think that we feel long-term growth rates are really going to be strong and we're well-positioned now with a platform that could be successful. I'd say, we're trying to integrate 4 companies and now a fifth -- and really a fifth and sixth, so that's a challenge and that's the key focus for us over the short term. And some things take a little bit longer, and I think the revenue side of that particularly, as you align selling and engineering organizations. And you look to optimize your product lines to take a little bit longer. But I think we're -- other than the fact that the overall economy's a little bit softer in this particular -- one particular application is soft at the moment, we feel good about the future and what we can bring and how we can be different than other people in there that are primarily component players.
Matt J. Summerville: How much of this business is that biax?
Michael F. Hilton: It's a significant part of the EDI business that goes into the Extrusion side. Overall, Extrusion, I think, is maybe 50% of the business and so it's a significant part of that 50%, Matt. But there are other types of extrusion, biax is 1 type of film, there are cast films and other types of films that we're introducing these new products in. Biax is the one that's going to grow preferentially the fastest because that's the most sophisticated. When you think about consumer packaging, it's the one with the multilayer oxygen, water, UV protection type barriers that food products need going forward. So that's the one that ultimately, probably, has the highest growth that just in the short term, it's a lot of balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Liptak with Global Hunter Securities.
Walter S. Liptak: My question's on the plastics businesses. I'm not sure if it was clear. It sounds like the revenue was down in the quarter, but the orders have picked up, is that right?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay. Can you talk about the magnitude of both of those, the revenue and the orders?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say, the orders are adding to sort of our order growth by a couple of percentage points, so that's encouraging. The revenues were down -- I probably don't want to really comment specifically on it. But they were down a meaningful amount, particularly in this biax area as compared to the prior year, as compared to the prior year. So we're seeing a fairly good hit there relative to what we expected.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay. And with the acquisitions that you've done, you mentioned that the integration is going well in these 5 or 6 companies. I wondered, are these large enough as sort of a group of businesses that could be segmented?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say, we still see a lot of synergies that we're trying to work through with our core Adhesives business, and we've got a lot to do to integrate and bring out all the benefits here and so we see a lot of logic in keeping that together here. When you look at common customers, when you look at the thing I talked about in terms of material supplier relationships and end markets, a lot of this has gone into flexible packaging and the food and beverage piece. So I'd say, our view is it makes sense to keep it where it's at. And the focus, really, in the short term, is taking a bunch of different organizations that all have elements of leading technology and leveraging them across our global infrastructure and introducing, in many cases, the sophisticated continuous improvement capability we have to get to sort of 1 set of coherent platforms, and we'll have product lines within these businesses as well.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, it sounds like you may not want to do this, but I wonder if you could just frame the acquisitions over the last couple of years. How much in total revenue, including Kreyenborg, what's the annualized run rate that you're at and the capital that's been put to work?
Michael F. Hilton: I think on a revenue base, we're in the $250 million to $300 million kind of range on the revenue. And I think on the capital, it's probably roughly 2x that if you look at it. So that's kind of what we're looking at for those businesses today.
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady: Just real quick, just on the Freedom system, you've had a competitor come out with a competing product that's agnostic to the type of adhesives that gets run through that machine. And I'm just wondering, I guess, I really don't know the business well enough, how important or not important is being tied to a specific adhesive manufacturer is that for customers? I mean, does that matter to them in the sales process or is it really more functionality of the equipment itself?
Michael F. Hilton: So first, what I would say, Charlie, is the Freedom system incorporates a lot of new technology, it incorporates new applicator and dispense technology, it incorporates new feed technology, and it incorporates the capability to handle a variety of different types of adhesives. The benefits come from the applications, the nozzle, the feed technology, but there are additional benefits depending on the type of adhesives that is used and some of those adhesives are more difficult to manage and melt and perform than others. So when we developed it, we developed the activities with Henkel because we needed a development partner on the new technology and we're working well with them. But we're also working with other adhesive suppliers to utilize our Freedom system in there. The full package of benefits comes from having adhesive that translates into delivering more what they call mileage, think about that as more sticking power with less adhesive. You get a lot of that with some of the benefits that we have on our application and dispense technology and our feed technology, which minimizes churn, impurities. And our dispense technology, which allows them to dot-and-stitch and self-clean and some of the things that we have talked about in the past. So there's a combination there. So we feel like we can process the full slate of adhesives there, but the leading edge ones that have higher mileage are more difficult to process, and our systems are capable of handling that.
Operator: I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to our host for closing remarks.
James R. Jaye: Yes, this is Jim. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call. As always, I'll be around today to take questions if you want to reach out to me and be available to answer those. So thanks, again, for joining our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-05-24 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Allie, and good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with the Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, May 24, 2013, on Nordson's second quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available there for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until May 31, 2013, by calling (855) 859-2056. You will need to reference ID number 64354851. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our 2013 second quarter results and a bit about our outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for attending Nordson's second quarter 2013 conference call. I'm pleased to report that we delivered an excellent second quarter. These results reflect the efforts of our global team, which continues to execute at a very high level. Our customers continue to respond to the value we provide, and we remain focused on meeting their needs better than our competitors. In a continuation of the trend we saw in our first quarter, our second quarter was highlighted by strong top line organic growth. And once again, this growth was broad-based in terms of product lines, applications and geographies. The 7% organic sales growth we delivered outpaced the levels recently reported by many industrial companies and is reflective of the diversity of our end markets and our value proposition.  The first year effect of acquisitions add to the top line to bring total sales volume growth in the quarter to 23% compared to the same period a year ago. We also delivered on the bottom line with GAAP diluted earnings per share increasing over the prior year's second quarter to $0.84. Looking forward to our third quarter, we see a moderation in growth from some of our end markets related to the low-growth macroeconomic environment. That said, at the midpoint of our guidance, we are still expecting year-over-year organic sales growth against the prior year that, for Nordson, was very strong. And with this outlook, we should see improving operating margins as compared to the second quarter. In a few moments, I'll share additional comments about the current business trends and our outlook but I first turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our second quarter financial results, as well as some comments on our guidance for the third quarter of 2013. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. As Mike described, we delivered very positive second quarter results, with sales in the quarter of $382 million, an increase of 21% over the prior year's second quarter. This growth included a 7% increase in organic volume, a 16% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative 2% impact related to unfavorable effects of currency translation compared to the same period a year ago. On a sequential basis, performance in the quarter represents a 10% increase over first quarter sales. Looking at performance within the segments. Adhesive Dispensing sales volume increased 30% as compared to the prior year's second quarter. The first year effect of acquisitions drove most of this growth, where organic volume improved by 1%, driven primarily by systems serving polymer processing and nonwovens end markets, offset by some softness in our packaging product line during the quarter. Sales volume growth in the Advanced Technologies segment, which is all organic growth, was 14% over the prior year's second quarter. Organic volume expanded in every geography as demand for our precision dispensing and fluid management solutions serving mobile electronic device, medical and other niche markets remained strong. Within the Industrial Coating segment, sales volume increased 24% compared to the prior year's second quarter, inclusive of a 13% increase in organic volume and 11% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions. The organic growth included most product lines and geographies, with the exception of Europe, and this growth continued to be driven by the investments of durable goods manufacturers. Moving down the income statement. Gross margin in the quarter was 57%. This performance is equal to our first quarter performance even with a larger mix of systems revenue in our second quarter. Operating profit increased 7% compared to the prior year's second quarter, and operating margin for the quarter was 22%. This year's second quarter operating margin is an improvement of 4 percentage points over what we delivered in the first quarter this year, with 59% incremental operating margin on the increased sales volume, reflecting our ability to leverage increased top line growth. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis. Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 26%, up 2 percentage points from the first quarter as operating margin for legacy product lines and recent acquisitions improved sequentially. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin for the quarter was 25%, equal to the prior year's second quarter and up 6 percentage points from the first quarter of fiscal 2013, where strong sequential sales volume growth generated incremental margin of 58% in the quarter. Excluding the incremental spend associated with the 2 initiatives we called out in previous quarters, operating margin in the quarter was 27%. Overall, performance in the second quarter for this segment was very strong. The Industrial Coating segment generated operating margin of 15% in the quarter, where increased sales volume and operational efficiencies drove an improvement in operating margin of 3 percentage points over the same period a year ago and a sequential operating margin improvement of 2 percentage points. We are very pleased with this high level of performance given this segment's high mix of engineered system sales. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter was $55 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.84. Negative currency effects reduced earnings per share by $0.03 as compared to the same period a year ago. The current quarter's EBITDA was $95 million, a 12% increase over the prior year's second quarter, and second quarter free cash flow before dividends was $47 million. During the second quarter, we executed on our strategy of returning value to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, where we invested approximately $22 million under our share repurchase authorization and we paid dividends in the quarter of approximately $10 million. We have approximately $62 million available under the $100 million share repurchase authorization approved by our board during fiscal 2012. To date, against this authorization, we have invested approximately $38 million at a 15% discount to the closing share price on April 30, the end of our second fiscal quarter. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid, with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately 1.4x at the end of the second quarter and $214 million available under our revolving credit facility. Before moving on to the outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2013, I'll provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis and with all fiscal year 2012 acquisitions included in both years. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending May 19, 2013, they're down 2% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. As the second half of fiscal 2012 was particularly strong for Nordson, most notably in the Advanced Technology and Industrial Coating segments, we're up against very challenging comparisons. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, orders over the last 12 weeks decreased 1% compared to the same period in the prior year. Strength in our legacy packaging product line was offset by softness in other product lines. Orders were strongest in the U.S. and Japan. Advanced Technology is the segment with the most challenging comparison to the prior year, and here, orders over the latest 12 weeks are flat compared to the same period in the prior year. Positive order growth in several product lines, notably medical components, was offset by modest softness in dispensing and test product lines. Segment order rates were positive in all geographies with the exception of Asia Pacific. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 11% as compared to the prior year period. Solid order growth over the prior year for powder coating systems was offset by softness in other product lines, most notably larger-dollar systems for automotive OEMs. Order growth was positive in Japan, Europe and the Americas. Let me now turn to the outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2013. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of $404 million to $419 million, an increase of 6% to 10% as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume growth of 0% to 4%, with the first year effect of acquisitions adding growth of 7%. And based on current exchange rates, we expect currency translation effects to reduce sales by 1% as compared to the prior year. At the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect gross margin of approximately 58% in the quarter and operating margin of approximately 24%. We're estimating third quarter interest expense of about $3.4 million and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in third quarter forecasted diluted earnings per share in the range of $1 per share to $1.09 per share, inclusive of a $0.01 gain related to the sale of an asset. The midpoint of our sales forecast represents sequential growth of about 8%, and we're forecasting sequential incremental operating margin of approximately 56%. In addition, and as we described a quarter ago, our selling and administrative expenses in the third quarter, as well as the fourth quarter, will include planned incremental investments of about $2 million within the Advanced Technology segment. These investments are expected to generate organic revenue growth in fiscal 2014 and beyond. This level of investment is consistent with the amount of spend incurred in the second quarter for these initiatives. With regards to capital spending, we're still estimating about $45 million to $50 million for the full year, which is higher than normal due to specific investment programs in the year, and I expect future years' capital spending to moderate back to around 2.5% of revenue. In summary, we delivered strong second quarter performance, where our global team continued to deliver at a very high level, and we anticipate continued solid performance in the third quarter when considering the weak macroeconomic environment.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our year-to-date performance and third quarter outlook. With regards to the first half of our fiscal year, we delivered excellent performance in sales, operating profit, net income and diluted earnings per share. Given the difficult macroeconomic backdrop during our first fiscal half of the year, the recent performance is very good relative to many other industrial companies, and I was especially pleased with 8% organic sales growth over this period of time. As we begin our third quarter, our current order rates reflect the moderation we are seeing in some end markets, as well as more difficult comparisons against a period of very strong growth a year ago. Against this backdrop, the midpoint of our guidance represents 2% organic sales growth on a year-over-year basis and 8% sales growth on a sequential basis. These are solid levels in the current environment and reflect the value we continue to provide to our customers. And as Greg said, we would expect to leverage the sequential volume growth to generate higher operating margin in the third quarter. Let me make a few comments regarding our fiscal 2012 acquisitions. We are on track with overall integration efforts and encouraged with the synergy opportunities we have identified, allowing Nordson to bring value to these acquisitions. Regarding performance, sales and operating margin improved on a sequential basis helping Nordson drive overall second quarter operating margins over the first quarter, and we remain excited about the longer-term prospects of these properties given emerging market opportunities, our development of new applications and overall market and economic recovery. For Nordson overall, the short-cycle nature of our business limits our visibility, making it difficult to forecast beyond the third quarter. Nordson has proven its ability to perform in a variety of economic scenarios, though we're not immune from the overall macroeconomic trends. Shifting to a more long-term view, Nordson is well positioned to continue delivering strong financial results, where we are able to leverage our diverse end-market exposure and geographic positioning, our team's ability to execute and our commitment to continuous improvement. And we will continue to drive value for our customers through our applications expertise, differentiated best-in-class technology and direct sales and service and support. At this time, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin R. Maczka: Mike, I guess, first question -- and I appreciate the color you just gave on the 2012 acquisitions. But if you go back to the 2 big ones, EDI and Xaloy, I thought, originally, we were thinking in terms of fiscal '13 that we'd see maybe $0.25 or even $0.30 of accretion from those deals, and it looks like earnings are pretty flat as you look at the first 3 quarters of the year. So can you just comment a little bit more about, relative to your own internal expectations, how they're doing? Or is it just some softness elsewhere against very difficult comps that's in the core business that's kind of driving these flatter earnings?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd say, in the short term, most of what we're seeing is really some softness in the core business, combined with conscious decisions to step up spending in certain areas. So I'd say most of what you're seeing here in the short term is a little bit of softness in the core business. I'd say, as it relates to the acquisitions, we made some comments the last quarter that we were a bit behind in terms of a couple of specific end markets, and I'd say we're still a little bit behind where we'd like to be, probably a couple of quarters behind where we'd like to be, in particular, in specific end markets. We are encouraged by new applications, particularly in the dyes business that we're getting some traction on, but we're probably a couple of quarters behind. In the long run, consumption is still strong. Even in this little softer short-term environment, we're looking at 6%, 7% plastics growth. So in the long run, when supply and demand are balanced out, we feel pretty good about where those businesses are going, and we're working on new product development opportunities to continue to drive growth beyond that, so we're encouraged. I'd say in the short term though, it's more of the softer macro affecting our core business.
Kevin R. Maczka: Okay. And then maybe one for Greg. You mentioned the strong sequential incremental margins in the quarter and again, what you're expecting next quarter. When we get out into Q4 and beyond and we've anniversaried these big deals and you've got some planned higher spending in tech, I'm just wondering if you can kind of frame what we ought to be thinking about in terms of incrementals on a year-over-year basis once things normalize here and we've anniversaried the deals.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, I think to a large extent, Kevin, some of that depends on what kind of growth we expect to see in those out periods. If you exclude the acquisitions as we've shown historically, if we're driving that top line growth more at a higher rate than what you might expect the inflationary impact on your spending to be, those incremental margins are very strong. The same would be true in these acquired properties as well. As -- if we're looking at sequential revenue growth over what they're delivering, although their leverage is not as strong, they're still, on a full year basis, pretty strong performing businesses. So same concept there, if we're generating incremental revenue that's going to translate into pretty strong incremental margins. But again, some of that -- the response is a bit of it depends what, to a certain extent, what that macroeconomic view, our outlook going to be in that out quarter.
Kevin R. Maczka: Right. And I understand that, Greg, and I know it's hard to call this because you've had some variables like mix and macro and other things that are maybe beyond your control. But again, we just saw 59%, and you're calling 56% next quarter. This is sequential, but with the current mix of business, including these lower-margin acquisitions, we ought to not be thinking about that as sustainable year-over-year basis though, right?
Gregory A. Thaxton: On a sequential basis, yes, if we're seeing this kind of -- if we're seeing growth sequentially, I think that's the kind of mix we could see. On a year-over-year
Michael F. Hilton: So Kevin, the incremental growth was about 8%, and you deliver those kinds of margins. I think what Greg's trying to say, if you see something in that range, it's not unusual to expect that kind of margin. If it's more like 2%, you're not likely necessarily to see that because we have some -- in the short term, some conscious step-up in strategic spending.
Kevin R. Maczka: Right. And again, the tech strategic spending continues throughout the back half at an incremental $2 million rate?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Just to be clear, when you say incremental, it's about $2 million per quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, on the traditional electronics piece of the Advanced Technology business, you mentioned that there was some potential life in that part of the business last quarter. Has there been any follow through there? Are you seeing any additional activity?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say minor additional activity there, not a step-up in recovery that the industry guys are projecting. So I'd say we've seen continued activity but not the kind of level of step-up that you would anticipate with the sort of more robust growth in the more traditional packaging and test inspection. The industry analysts are still forecasting that to start to pick up in the second half of the year and be pretty solid into next year. But I'd say, we had some orders then, we have some orders now, but not a trend that we're ready to call yet.
Liam D. Burke: So I mean, even with that piece of the business sort of mulling along, the rest of the segments, mobile, the special electronics and medical are all humming along okay?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, mobile's still continuing to be strong, MEMs still strong. The medical stuff is going very nicely. It's more the traditional back end kind of stuff that is really not doing much yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt J. Summerville: Couple questions. If you look on a year-over-year basis, your revenue's up round numbers $7 million -- or $70 million. Your operating profit's up about $1.5 million. I know FX is a drag. You mentioned growth spend. Can you talk about what the other buckets are, if you will, that impacted that year-over-year leverage and how we should be thinking about that as we model the rest of the year?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So you want to go ahead, Greg.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Well, I was just going to make a comment, Matt. Some of what we're seeing second quarter versus prior year's second quarter is mix, and if you recall, prior year second quarter, particularly in adhesives, was just kind of a knockout quarter for us, a high watermark in terms of operating margin. And what we're seeing this year is not a strong performance in that portion of the business, part of it, a revenue issue; and part of it, a change in mix from what we saw last year.
Matt J. Summerville: Greg, is there any way you can sort of quantify or isolate what you think the mix dilution was on margins for the whole company year-over-year?
Michael F. Hilton: I'm going to make a high-level comment, and Greg can correct me if I'm wrong here. The acquisitions have had -- if you look at it year-over-year, margins are down about 3% or 4%. About half of that is sort of the new acquisition mix and half of that is largely in the sort of core adhesives business with some volume decline and then, mix between the sort of 3 segments we have there, if you look at sort of packaging versus, say, the nonwovens or product assembly, they have some different margins based on cost to serve kind of activities. And so it's sort of a half and half in those 2 areas, roughly speaking.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. A portion of it is the dilutive effect of the acquisitions, as we talk about, the year-over-year margin trend and then the other half both within this, call it the core segment margin dilution and then the step-out in this Advanced Tech area of this $2 million.
Matt J. Summerville: And then, Mike, could you maybe spend a moment just talking about the linearity or lack thereof you saw in incoming order rates? Are things volatile week-to-week, month-to-month? Are you seeing any discernible change in trend?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So the answer is they can be a volatile week-to-week depending on whether big systems orders come in or not and depending on whether they're in the quarter, last year, year ago. So you're going to have some volatility there. I would say certain segments or product lines have improved in the short term, like packaging, for example, we've seen a definite uptick. And others, in the short term, have maybe gotten a little softer. Greg called out some commentary around the auto side, and that's really year-over-year comparisons of some big platform orders last year that we didn't see come in, in the same period this year. So there is some volatility there. Maybe just a comment or 2 at a high level around the macro piece might be warranted here. If we go back a quarter, we were suggesting that for the year to get a 2-plus percent sort of macro GDP growth in the year, we needed to see sort of 3-plus percent in the second half of the year. I'd say most of the economists that we follow, and particularly one, in particular, we use, IHS, still sees that happening but probably more of a slope, so more in Q4 than in Q3 and not as much delivery in Q2 as would have been expected sort of a quarter ago. So they're still optimistic about that piece of it. I would say also in many of our end markets, our customers are still, what I'd call, cautiously optimistic about systems orders coming through, talking to us about placing those orders. We haven't -- we just haven't seen those come through yet. And so we're a little cautious around that, and that's factoring into the guidance we're providing for the next quarter.
Matt J. Summerville: And then just maybe one more, Mike. In terms of the Advanced Tech business, I guess, what are incoming order rates and the discussions you're having with your customers telling you about their new product pipelines and their CapEx spend, particularly as we head into fiscal Q4? Just bearing in mind the comps actually even get tougher.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so I would say, in general, on the mobile side, folks are pretty optimistic. Now whether those orders get placed in Q3 or Q4 or slip to Q1, not as clear. I mean, they're indicating they're going to come in this year, but they could easily move them a few weeks or a month and they'd be in the next quarter. But I'd say they are still pretty optimistic about new products coming out, although the timing, I think, is maybe a little bit questionable at this point. So again, I'd say generally optimistic, generally suggesting they're going to come in this year, but we're probably hedging our bet a little bit there that maybe some of that slips into the early part of next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb of Sidoti & Company.
John Franzreb: In the expected margin improvement from the acquired businesses, how much of that's got to be volume-driven versus how much can you do from internal cost savings?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. If I look at it, John, we still have the same kind of leverage that in our -- as Greg said earlier, in our business, so we expect significant incremental margin. Then in the short term, we're seeing a little bit of the reverse side of that as the volume in certain areas is a little softer. But we do see significant synergies, and our expectations are that these businesses were sort of high-teen businesses that we ultimately could get to the mid-20s. And that sort of moved from the high-teens to the mid-20s was largely on the sort of cost-side-synergy type of improvement. There's some large improvement from things like strategic pricing and things like that, but largely on the cost side. But we do see some volume leverage potential, and right now, that's a little bit negative as opposed to positive.
John Franzreb: Okay. And looking at the geographic mix, the orders are down 9% in Asia Pacific. Can you kind of talk a little bit about what's going on there? What's the biggest dropoff?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. It really is across all of the businesses in terms of orders at this point. And I'd make the general comment that we made about sort of the business, in that customers are still, I'd say, cautiously optimistic. But we're not seeing that translate into the order flow yet, and I'd say China is a significant part of that. Part of that, in the comment to the earlier question on the back-end packaging and the technology side, the part of that affecting our other businesses. If you looked at sort of the latest macro data on China, it's a little soft. We're still pretty confident that the government is going to impact that to deliver their sort of 7.5% to 8% sort of GDP growth for the year. But right now, it's a little softer, and that's translating into people, I'd say, holding up on the order side. If you look at sort of the project activity, it's still very robust, but it's not translating into orders at this point. And I'd say that's a fairly substantial China effect there.
John Franzreb: Okay. Industrial Coatings, if I heard correctly, the orders are down 11%, and you said the powder coating side of the business was up, but the automotive OEM side was down?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes.
John Franzreb: Can you just talk a little bit about what's going on, the dynamics there?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd say this is largely probably a timing kind of issue. If you look at -- in our sort of 12 weeks last year versus our 12 weeks this year, we had some large platform-type orders come through last year within this quarter that really kind of distort that a bit. So our view is over the longer term, that kind of corrects itself, and in the short term, that's kind of distorting the number. So from our perspective, that's not a fundamental, "Hey, auto is falling off." It's really a timing issue.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And those can -- John, those can be large-dollar system sales, so the timing of when those hit in the quarter can really skew the numbers.
John Franzreb: Okay.  And one last question, on the share repurchase, in the last quarter, the one just completed, what was the average purchase price you were buying back at?
Michael F. Hilton: Hang on a second, we need to look that up. If you recall, we talked about that. We've got an authorization. We said we'd like to be optimistic -- or opportunistic. But we also have to offset dilution, which, what I think we said was sort of in the mid-$30 million range. So we're trying to do 2 things, be opportunistic and -- but mainly offset that dilution to start.
Gregory A. Thaxton: John, we bought back a little over 340,000 shares at $65.69 per share.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner, CJS Securities.
Jason Ursaner: Just in adhesive, you mentioned strength in systems during the quarter offset weakness in packaging. But then, in the most recent orders, it was strength in packaging offsetting other lines. So was there a clear inflection point you saw during the quarter from an order perspective? And did it coincide with the launch of the joint products with Anglo [ph] at all?
Michael F. Hilton: So you got that correct. In the quarter, the packaging business was softer, but we're really seeing, from an order standpoint, in the last number of weeks, that pick back up, which is encouraging. I'd say the impact of the launch has not really been felt there. I mean, we have over 100 orders for new systems there, but we're just starting to deliver the first few so that's not a big impact in the quarter or a big impact in the order rates. We're very encouraged with the customer reaction to that complete new product line, and we think it's going to be very successful for us. But that's really not impacted the near term, but we are certainly encouraged to see the packaging piece come up, particularly in a backdrop where food and beverage consumption is actually pretty modest and actually was down in the quarter, overall food and beverage consumption. So to see packaging start to pick back up is very encouraging.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Jason, I'd characterize the product lines within that segment as packaging is the largest product line in that segment, and that tends to be the steady performer. So where we say it may be down, we're generally not talking about big movements. The other product lines that are more, call it, larger-dollar systems oriented, you'll get the timing impact of when those systems may or may not hit, and so you'll see larger swings in those product lines.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And in plastics, I guess, can you give more detail on the difference in order rates between the system -- OEMs that are building new machine cycling capacity versus more replacement demand from end users add to utilization? And are you seeing growth in the latter or both down right now?
Michael F. Hilton: No, I would say on the end user side, we're seeing sort of the replacement business be pretty steady. I'd say on the new system side, for some of the new applications, we're starting to see that pickup in sort of the 1-film application or biaxial film application. That's the one where there's sort of a mismatch, short-term mismatch, in supply and demand, with some lower capacity that went in last year, and that's the one we're working through. And we're focused on really offsetting that with the new applications, and we're getting some traction there. But the end users are continuing to buy at a pretty steady pace, not too different than what we see in our other businesses in terms of parts revenue being up as operating rates remain solid.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And just following up on the questions on the tech orders. What was the month-to-month linearity like there during the 12-week period? I guess, I'm just trying to understand if the softness in orders for test dispense was more correlated to the overall semi-cap industry or it's actually been improving month-to-month or if it's more company-specific to the under-fill dispense market given the capacity that got put in the last year ahead of deliveries -- or it would have been towards the later part of the period.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, we're taking a look at it. I mean, right now, for overall Advanced Tech, we're looking at sort of the latest orders being essentially flat, and Greg is kind of taking a quick look here to see if we can answer...
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. I don't think, in terms of volume -- we typically don't look into the particular 12-week period, but specific to your question, I don't think we see any discernible pattern within those 12 weeks.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. And as we've talked about before and the earlier question was around sort of  launch cycle on new products that we could have Q2, Q3, early part of Q4 look different year-on-year based on sort of launch timing and patterns. As you recall, we had a pretty solid Q2 last year and a step-up in Q3 and then a solid Q4, but a little softer on the tech side. So right now, we're seeing it kind of flat on an order basis. That could change depending on where these sort of new orders fall, and as I said earlier, our customers are saying they're going to fall within the year. They could move back between Q3 and Q4. We've hedged that back a little bit just based on timing. We've got a pretty good view to the new platforms. We're encouraged by that, but the timing's not as certain.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Just wondering if you can make a comment on what Japan operating margin is historically relative to the overall and what the FX impact might be on that currently?
Michael F. Hilton: So the margins, in general, in Japan are good. We've got a good position and unique products that we fine-tuned for that market, so they're good. So they're good in sort of the overall business and in some areas, maybe a little bit better depending on a particular product line. On the currency side
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. So Chris, clearly, the yen had the biggest impact on a regional basis with the currency impact, which, of course, we said was about $0.03 impact in the quarter and so...
Michael F. Hilton: That's largely translation.
Gregory A. Thaxton: It's largely the translation effect of bringing back those revenues and spending back into dollars, so a weaker yen, obviously, has hurt.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then on ATS, wondering if -- looking at the long-term growth, you had really tough comps here, but it is pretty seasonal. I'm just wondering to what extent you think comparisons on an annualized basis have potentially reached a plateau of sorts in some areas.
Michael F. Hilton: So I'm not 100% sure I understand the question, but let me just comment on long-term growth and if I'm not addressing it, come back. We still view the tech segment, on a long-term basis, over the cycle, to be something that we can grow organically at sort of double digit, around 10%. And that's, in part, the mix of what we see on the medical side, and that's, in part, a function of some of these niche applications on the electronic side, as well as broadening in our sort of  fluid management EFD-type businesses, broadening the general assembly applications from where we are today. So long term, we still see that as something that approaches double digit sort of top line over the cycle. In the short term, you can have sort of the timing issues associated with the systems orders and so forth, but I'm not quite sure that's answering your question.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. Well, I guess, as you're framing it as through the cycle, we've had several years of very strong double digits. So I'm just wondering if that double digits through the cycle needs to be marked to market, to your view, from here over the next few years, given that you've been significantly above that for a few years.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so let me just kind of break that down a little bit. I would say on the medical piece, we're encouraged. I would say on the broadening of the EFD business to more general applications, we're encouraged. I mean, obviously, we don't operate outside the macro environment, so if we're -- when we make those kind of comments, we're thinking more of global growth in the 3.5% and not 2% range. So your guess is good as ours as what happened in the short term. What I'd say on the electronic side is 2 things. We still envision -- we have the drivers of under-fill. We have the mobile piece. We have the niche market applications. What I'd say is the wildcard is what do you think is going to happen with the traditional back-end packaging piece. So if you think smartphones aren't going to grow at 50% rates now, they're more like 20% and in the future, they're more in the teens, that's a sort of a negative impact. On the other hand, if you do think some of the more traditional obligations are going to come back from something that's been 0 to negative over the last, probably, 18 months has the potential upside in the near term. So what's the balance of those 2? It's hard to call at the moment. As I said earlier, the industry sort of analysts that follow that back-end piece expect to see some improvement this year and a pretty solid next 2 years. But we have to see that play out.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. The other dynamic I'd add is  and where we may not see -- or where we may see a moderation in growth rates for devices like smartphones, the other dynamic of new features being embedded into these phones or new models or new product introductions. That, of course, is another driver of revenue for Nordson.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Liptak of Global Hunter Securities.
Walter S. Liptak: Wanted to -- I don't want to beat a dead horse on the timing of the tech orders, but could you just help me check some logic on here? My understanding was, early in the year, the electronics firms design new products, and then your equipment gets customized to what they're doing. And then the orders go out in the second quarter, then the equipment gets put in place in the summer so that they can -- new products can hit the Christmas selling season. Is that right? And if it's -- and if things push out a little bit, why did they push out?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so I -- what I would say is that's generally true for the more traditional kinds of applications. I'd say the mobile device, in particular, moves around a bit based on when particular customers decide to drive their launches, so some have come out right now with new products, some are rumored to come out in the next month or 2, some are rumored to come out in the sort of late summer, early fall. So I'd say the one thing that's a little different from that, Walt, is sort of the smartphone piece, which tends to have a different sort of  launch strategy and some competitive dynamics going on there that don't fit the sort of traditional back end. So they can move around a little bit more. So that's really the commentary we're making is specific customers are talking about different timing, and it can move around several months at a time, maybe even a quarter at a time. And just -- and so that doesn't fit necessarily with this Christmas scenario, whereas, historically, most of the traditional back-end packaging pieces that were linked into the PC side in general did fit pretty well to that sort of commentary.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay. Okay, good. And then in your commentary, you talked a little bit about the acquisitions and in one of the questions. But I wanted to see if I can get a little bit more clarity on exploiting EDI, and just some more color around that sales trend that you're seeing. I think you said it was up sequentially, but is -- what's going on there with the different customers? And my understanding here, too, is that the tooling is based on new product development. What geographic regions for those acquisitions are positive or negative?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd say, just a general comment that we're trying to make is on the film side of the business, there's a little imbalance on capacity at the moment, particularly on biaxial films, so that affects the EDI business more than the Xaloy business, which goes into both film and to injection molding applications. The overall end demand for plastic, from a consumption standpoint, even now is running in that sort of 6%, 7% range. So that's a good positive trend. In the short term in that one area, we've got a bit of an imbalance. I'd say Europe, in general, for both businesses, like we see in our core businesses, is pretty soft given there's a recession going on there and even in Germany, where a lot of the sort of OEMs are concentrated for these kinds of businesses, things are soft. I'd say we're encouraged a bit more in some of -- the U.S. is okay. In the emerging markets, we're encouraged. But I'd say Europe is the one that's particularly soft there and more on the OEM side versus the end customer side.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay. And you mentioned a couple of times the integration efforts and that they're getting to mid-teens -- or mid-20s margins. I wonder if we can get a timing on when do you think you might get there and what the macro needs to look like? And what are some of the efforts? Are there plant consolidations going? Or is this procurement synergies? Just some detail on the kind of cost takeout that you can do.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so at a high level, we started with 1 sort of modest facility consolidation, but we do see leverage from a procurement standpoint. You have to go through the sort of the qualification process, that takes a little while, but we do see significant leverage on this for low-cost sourcing initiatives that we have underway. We do see some benefits around segmentation and some strategic pricing. But in particular, I'd say the businesses are a bit behind where we are in our Lean Six Sigma effort, and we have tons of projects that are lined up that we're executing there around the Lean Six Sigma activity. And they're going to play out over the next couple of years, so we're really encouraged by what we see there. And then the real upside, quite frankly, is going to be on the top line, and we're getting some encouragement. We've had some -- we're doing the typical sort of cross-selling activity in the short term, where you have won the customer of 1 business. But not the other, but the real leverage is coming on -- going to come around, in the long run, on the integrated sale of, say, the sort of total film applications, as an example. And we're getting some interest there at a high-level customer, and that's kind of the thing that'll probably play out, not this year but in the next couple of years. We have to do some structuring to make sure that we've got all of the sales and support people trained, cross-trained and the engineering organization supporting them, and that takes a little bit of time. But at the end of the day, there's upside on the top line as well. But we're pretty encouraged by what we see in the traditional areas I mentioned and the extensive list of project opportunities from a Lean Six Sigma standpoint.
Walter S. Liptak: Okay, got it. Okay, I've got a few more questions but I'll take them offline. And just kind of a last one, this -- the acquisitions that you've done in plastics, are we -- where are we at now? Are we done now? Or are there other acquisitions that you can add to this portfolio?
Michael F. Hilton: What I would say is one of the things that we commented on when we made these acquisitions, was we wanted to get scaled to be a leader from a technology and a market standpoint, and we've got that. But we also mentioned that these were fragmented around individual products that make up sort of the chain that mirrors what we do in our Adhesives business. And so there are still additional opportunities to upgrade and consolidate in a fairly fragmented market, so there's additional opportunities we're looking at.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady: Can you tell -- I think I missed it, the mix of parts for total company and for Adhesive Dispensing in the quarter?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, Charlie, total mix was -- if we think about the legacy business, because that's a benchmark that you all are familiar with, it was about 45%, that was down about 1 percentage point from where it was last year. And in terms of segment, again, adhesive tends to run a bit higher than that total company average, but not too far away from that point.
Charles D. Brady: All right. Can you give us what the cash from operations was in the quarter?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Cash from operations was about $63 million in the quarter.
Charles D. Brady: Okay. And I guess I just wanted -- on the packaging -- the commentary on packaging softness, I guess, that kind of continue to be softer because it's overcapacity. Could you just expand on that a little bit? I mean, is it getting -- is it stable where it is or is it getting better or worse? And when do you
Michael F. Hilton: Are you talking about on the plastics side or are you talking about on the cardboard paper-type side, Charlie?
Charles D. Brady: Sorry, the plastics side.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, so what I'd say is the operating rates are going up, so the sort of trigger for new investment is getting closer based on operating rates going up. So we're seeing -- we're still seeing overall demand, which then translates into operating rates, demand being up 6%, 7%. So it's really just an absorption time frame. So yes, it's improving, but there were some large orders in late '11 and '12 that created a little bit of short-term overcapacity, particularly with the softening macro environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Halter with Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter: I wondered if you could comment on the competitive environment in each of the 3 segments.
Michael F. Hilton: So just overall, we've got, generally speaking, good competitors in each of the 3 segments. We haven't really seen any significant changes that I would say, in the quarter. We continue to focus on the model, the business model that makes us successful, which is starting with technology. So we've invested in each of our areas, in new technology, like the Freedom system that's come out this past quarter in the adhesives area. But we've got similar innovations in our technology and in our coatings business. So our view here is to continue to stay ahead of the crowd by being that technology leader and then providing the best support and service. But at the end of the day, we haven't seen any significant changes within the quarter in the competitive landscape.
Gregory W. Halter: All right. And I just wanted to be clear on this swing in the other expense and other income, the $565 million versus $137 million, is that primarily due to the foreign currency translation?
Gregory A. Thaxton: That's correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Just wanted to get the context around some comments earlier in the year for expectation for flat full year margins, if a certain growth rate -- realize the macro has come into play, and there's some negatives relative to the full year growth rate to get to flat margins, but just wondering if, overall, we could kind of reframe that comment.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. If you look at the comments we made last quarter, what we suggested is if the overall global sort of economic environment for '13 was about what it was in '12, so read that as 2.2%, 2.3% kind of the GDP and we were able to generate the same kind of revenue growth, it was sort of 7%, 8%, then we would expect that our margins would come in at that sort of I think, it was 20...
Gregory A. Thaxton: 24%.
Michael F. Hilton: 24% range. Our view is still the volume leverage is there, if we can deliver that kind of top line. Our view in the current macro scenario is most of the economists still think the second half is going to be considerably stronger so that the year comes in at that 2.2% kind of range. I'd say they've shifted it a bit more to stronger Q4 and slightly weaker Q3 calendar is what we've seen and Q2 is probably a little lighter than they would have forecast a quarter ago. So read that as more back-end loaded. So I think there is a potential impact if they're right, and who knows whether they're going to be right, that some of that slips over into the next year as it relates to our fiscal year. But we still -- if they deliver that, we think we're going to grow above that and the margins, based on our incremental performance, would be there. I'd say what we're seeing right now at a high level, they're still encouraged macro-wise. Our customers are still cautious. We've shaved back our near-term Q3 projections based on really just not seeing that translate into orders even though our customers are telling us they're going to place them.
Operator: I'm actually showing no further questions at this time.
Michael F. Hilton: Okay. Let me just make a couple of comments here at the end. Number one, a strong quarter and our team did a great job in a fairly soft macro environment. Number two, we're very focused on delivering value to our customers, so if there's opportunity to secure volume out there, we're going to get it. We do need a little help from the macro environment, but if that materializes, we'll be able to deliver and we'll be able to deliver the incremental margin. So it really just comes down to whether or not we see that translate in the next quarter or so, but I would say that our customers are more optimistic than pessimistic and it may be just an issue of timing. So thank you for participating in today's call and continuing to support Nordson.
James R. Jaye: And if you have any calls, this is Jim, I'll be around today, and be happy to take any follow-ups that you might have. So thanks again, everybody, and enjoy your long weekend. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to your host, Jim Jaye. Please go ahead.
James R. Jaye: Thank you, Stephanie. This is Jim Jaye, Nordson's Director of Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We'd like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, February 22, 2013, on Nordson's first quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until March 1 by calling (404) 537-3406. You will need to reference ID # 95637110. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our 2013 first quarter results and a bit about our outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for attending Nordson's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Let me start by thanking all the members of our global team for delivering a solid quarter, one that was in line with our expectations and reflective of the normal seasonality of our business. I'm particularly pleased with the strong top line organic growth we delivered in the quarter. This growth was broad based in terms of product lines, applications and geographies and outpaced the levels we've seen reported recently by a number of other industrial companies. Customers continue to respond to the value we provide, and we remain focused on meeting their needs better than our competitors. The first year effect of acquisitions added to the top line to bring total sales growth in the quarter to 26% compared to the same period a year ago. We also delivered on the bottom line, where diluted earnings per share were $0.65, a 12% increase over the prior year. Both sales and earnings per share are first quarter records for Nordson. Looking forward our second -- looking forward to our second quarter, our current order rates are positive compared to last year, and we should see significant leverage on operating margins from the sequential volume growth we are expecting. We expect to deliver a solid performance in the quarter while also funding planned incremental investments that we believe will drive growth and performance over the long term. From a macroeconomic perspective, most economists are forecasting 2013 global GDP growth slightly above 2%. Nordson delivered a record year in 2012 in a very similar environment, with organic sales growth of 8%. Should current macro projections hold, we think it's reasonable to deliver another full year of profitable growth. In a few moments, I'll share additional comments about the current business trends and our outlook. But first, I'll turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a more detailed commentary on our first quarter financial results as well as some comments on our guidance for the second quarter of 2013. Greg?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. As Mike described, we delivered solid first quarter results, with sales in the quarter of $347 million, an increase of 26% over the prior year's first quarter. This growth included an 8% increase in organic volume and an 18% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions. Overall, currency effects were minimal in the quarter compared to the prior year. Looking at performance within the segments, Adhesive Dispensing sales volume increased 33% as compared to the prior year's first quarter. The first year effect of acquisitions drove the growth as organic volume growth in legacy consumer nondurable end markets was offset by softness in plastics processing and consumer durable goods end markets. We'll speak more about the performance of recent acquisitions later in the call. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment was up 8% over the prior year's first quarter, all organic growth. Most -- all product lines within the segment experienced solid growth as demand remained strong in mobile electronic devices, medical and other niche end markets. Within the Industrial Coating segment, sales volume increased 51% compared to the prior year's first quarter, inclusive of a 38% increase in organic volume and 13% growth from the first year effect of the Sealant Equipment acquisition. The segment delivered strong double-digit percentage growth in every region and product line. Similar to our comments from last quarter, the growth continues to be driven by well-capitalized customers in all geographies investing in production efficiency and plant expansion programs. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was 57%. As compared to the prior year's first quarter, gross margin was impacted most in the quarter by the dilutive effect of acquisitions. The combination of product line mix and geography mix, along with unfavorable currency effects, reduced gross margin in our legacy adhesive business from a strong prior year level, which also impacted the total company gross margin. Operating profit increased 9% in the quarter as compared to the prior year's first quarter, and operating margin for the quarter was 18%, again, reflecting the impact of acquisitions. And given the seasonality of our business, our first quarter's performance from a margin perspective is typically our lowest, such that sales volume growth in future quarters should provide considerable leverage on operating margin. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered operating margin of 24%, inclusive of the anticipated dilutive effect of fiscal 2012's EDI and Xaloy acquisitions. This segment's legacy product lines continue to perform at a high level but, as noted above, operating margin was impacted by some dilution in gross margin as compared to the same period a year ago. I'll add a few comments relative to the performance of the EDI and Xaloy acquisitions. First, there is a seasonal impact much like Nordson's legacy business, where the first fiscal quarter tends to be the softest, therefore, you see a volume leverage impact on operating margin. But more specific to market trends, we are seeing softness in demand related to a slower global economy and a near-term mismatch in capacity relative to demand. The combination of these 2 factors resulted in weaker operating performance in the plastics processing area relative to expectations. We remain optimistic that our growth strategy within this plastics processing product line, including the development of new applications, will drive both near- and long-term sales growth, such that operating margin in 2013 will improve well above the current quarter's performance. This improvement would be incremental to the expected volume leverage generated by the legacy product lines within the adhesive segment. Within the Advanced Technology segment, operating margin for the quarter was 19%. This is an improvement of 3 percentage points on a level we delivered in the first quarter last year. The Industrial Coating segment generated operating margin of 13% in the quarter, an improvement of 10 percentage points over the same period a year ago. The majority of the increase was driven by strong volume leverage within our base business, where incremental margin for this segment was 33%. Continuing down the income statement, corporate expenses were approximately $10 million in the quarter, which is the level I would expect for future quarters. Reported net income for the quarter was $42 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.65, an increase of 12% over the first quarter a year ago. As in previous quarters, we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. The current quarter's earnings per share included a $0.04 benefit related to certain discrete tax items and a $0.01 charge related to restructuring costs. After adjusting for these items, normalized earnings per share in the quarter were $0.62. The current quarter's EBITDA was $73 million, a 12% increase over the prior year's first quarter, and first quarter free cash flow before dividends was $32 million. From a balance sheet perspective, we remained very liquid, with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately 1.5x at the end of the first quarter, and remaining capacity under our existing revolving credit facility of approximately $248 million, along with our strong cash generation, provides adequate liquidity for strategic opportunities. Before moving on to the outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2013, I'll provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with all fiscal year 2012 acquisitions included in both years. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending February 17, 2013, they're up 4% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segments, orders over the last 12 weeks decreased 1% from the prior year. Solid order growth in the nonwovens and general product assembly product lines was offset by a modest decline in the packaging product line and softness in plastics processing product lines. Advanced Technology orders over the latest 12 weeks are up 5% from the prior year. Order growth was strongest in automated dispensing and medical components product lines. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 19% over the prior year. Order growth was up significantly in all of the segment's product lines. This segment's order growth increased by double-digit percentages in all geographies except Europe, which was up modestly from the prior year. These strong order rates continue to be driven by investment programs of larger, well-capitalized customers. Let me now turn to the outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We're forecasting sales to be in the range of $372 million to $387 million, an increase of 18% to 23% as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume growth of 3% to 8%, with the first year effect of acquisitions adding growth of 16%. And based on current exchange rates, we expect currency translation effects to reduce sales by 1% as compared to the prior year. At the midpoint of our revenue forecast, we expect gross margin of approximately 58% in the quarter and operating margin of approximately 21%. We're estimating second quarter interest expense of about $4 million, and an effective tax rate of approximately 30%, resulting in second quarter forecasted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.78 per share to $0.87 per share. At the midpoint of this range, sequential incremental operating margin is approximately 55%, reflecting strong leverage on the sequential sales increase of 10%. In addition, and as we described a quarter ago, our selling and administrative expenses in the quarter will include planned incremental investments of about $2 million within the Advanced Technology segment that are expected to generate organic revenue growth in fiscal 2014 and beyond. Similar investments are anticipated in the third and fourth quarters of 2013. On a full-year basis, we are estimating maintenance CapEx to be about 3.5% of 2012 revenue, and the tax rate for the remaining quarters is estimated at 30% based on current tax law. In summary, we delivered record first quarter performance for revenue and earnings per share, our global team continued to deliver at a very high level in a challenging macroeconomic environment and we anticipate continued solid performance in the second quarter.
Michael F. Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, I'd like to provide some additional comments on our outlook for the second quarter. Our order rates are positive, and we are forecasting solid sequential and year-over-year top line growth relative to the global economic environment. While the nature of our business does not provide us with tremendous visibility beyond the next quarter, I'll make a few general comments about the full year. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, the overall macroeconomic backdrop this year looks a lot like last year. In that environment, we delivered 8% organic sales growth for the full year. Current global GDP forecasts for 2013 are estimated to be a bit above 2%, in line with 2012. We do think it's reasonable for Nordson to generate mid-to high single-digit organic sales volume growth in 2013, provided these macroeconomic forecasts materialize. At the midpoint of our second quarter forecast, Nordson's first half organic growth is within this range. Assuming Nordson's full year organic growth in fiscal 2013 will be in line with fiscal 2012's organic growth, we could see full year operating margins in line with our reported fiscal 2012 performance, reflecting strong volume leverage effect on operating margin and earnings. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth aspects of many end markets we serve. We are still seeing strong activity in mobile electronic device end markets; our presence in medical applications continue to grow; we are the leaders in the consumer nondurable space, such as packaging and nonwovens, which are resistant and have significant growth opportunities in emerging markets; and in consumer-durable markets, order rates for our solutions are very solid. We expect to continue winning in our markets through our combination of outstanding direct sales and service and our commitment to innovative products that provide the best value to our customers. One example we are particularly excited about is Freedom, our next-generation hot melt adhesive system for packaging, which we expect to launch by the end of the quarter. Freedom has been operating successfully in field tests for several months, and customers responded enthusiastically to our preview of the system at last October's PACK EXPO, one of the industry's largest packaging trade shows. We expect the benefits of this new system will cause customers to upgrade a portion of our large installed base over the next several years, and we are also attract new customers and clearly reinforce our position as the industry leader in packaging solutions. In terms of an update on the integration of last year's acquisitions, we are a making solid progress. As Greg mentioned previously, we're experiencing a short-term supply demand mismatch in certain applications within the plastic processing space. However, we continue to be excited about the growth prospects for EDI and Xaloy and the synergy potential. With regard to Sealant Equipment, our other acquisition in 2012, we see good growth opportunity within and outside the U.S. and are moving quickly to capitalize on Nordson's global infrastructure. For each of these acquisitions, our continuous improvement initiatives are on track. In closing, I want to thank our global team again for their continued hard work. Their passion for our customers continues to make us the preferred choice in the industries we serve and to generate excellent results for our shareholders. At this time, let's turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Franzreb from Sidoti & Company.
John Franzreb: Just wanted to touch on Europe, down 7% in the order book. At first glance, it looks like that might be disproportionately based on demand in Industrial Coatings. Is that the case or is there something else going on in the segment mix that we should be aware of?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. I'd say at a high level, we are seeing some softness there at Industrial Coating, so we're actually encouraged on what we're seeing in terms of bid activity, but we're also seeing the impact in our larger ticket items that fall within the adhesive segment so our general assembly, product assembly applications there tend to be larger ticket items that go into construction and consumer-durable goods and we're seeing softness there. And as we mentioned in data plastic processing, I'm excited. Again, the bigger ticket items particularly in the dye side, we're seeing some softness there. So I think it really falls into a hesitancy around investment on larger items that we are seeing based on the general economic environment you're seeing in Europe.
John Franzreb: Mike, you mentioned the supply demand equation imbalance in the plastics and that softness was going on a couple of quarters now. When would you expect that to play out?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. What we see is we expect improvement really throughout the year starting in the next quarter, and that's based on some longer lead orders we see coming in, as well as a number of new applications that we spent a fair bit of time last year prior -- the team did prior to the acquisition and continued in the acquisition after we owned them to qualify new applications. So we're quoting and starting to receive orders in some of their new applications that we expect to pick up as the year goes on. So we expect a solid year for both of these businesses.
John Franzreb: Okay. And Greg, I don't recall you ever mentioning geography when you talked about the gross margin mix. I recall currency, product, but you called out geography is an impact on gross margins. Is -- what's the impact on geography and the product mix on the gross margins? Could you talk about that a little bit?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. Generally, our gross margins are not too different across the geographies within each of the segments, but there is some slight differences from one to the other, and there was an impact in the quarter when you looked at the weighting of one particular geography sales versus another as compared to last year. It's, as I said, generally not a big difference, but there was some impact.
John Franzreb: Any more color as to which geographies are helping or hurting?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Well, for example, at Japan -- in Japan, we generate very strong adhesive margins. Now, of course, adhesive margins globally are very strong, but there's kind of a revenue mix by geography within a particular quarter that's going to have an impact.
John Franzreb: Okay. And one last question. Could you just give us a sense of what the order trends, how they progressed throughout the quarter?
Gregory A. Thaxton: I'd say they're pretty steady. So we haven't seen a big spike. Obviously, they softened a bit around the holiday piece and picked up after the holiday piece in the normal pattern. So if you -- they're pretty consistent with our normal pattern, which is they start to decline in our fourth quarter and declined through kind of the holiday period and then pick up in January. And so that's what we have seen but nothing unusual there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christopher Glynn from Oppenheimer.
Christopher Glynn: Just to -- with respect to EDI and Xaloy, it looks like they are dilutive to EBIT dollars in the quarter. And I'm wondering, are you kind of absorbing some fairly heavy pay as you go integration expense here that kind of fades away in the second half?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. There's certainly some of that. An example would be we've moved fairly quickly to rationalize some sites in Europe, and we're seeing some impact associated with that in the quarter, as an example. But as Greg mentioned, we also have sort of the impact of kind of volume deleveraging that we think is going to come back as we move throughout the year based on sort of bid activity and what we're seeing in terms of orders in these new applications there. We feel like that's going to progress throughout the year, but yes, you're correct. We did have some impacts as part of the integration in the first quarter.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And diving into the guidance framework, conditional on the macro. If we take the low end of mid-single to high-single top line and you even have margins down about 1 point for the year, we're looking at the second half margin up a couple of points year-over-year versus the first half down about 4 points. So I just wanted to help understand that transition in that bridge with some more specifics if possible if you're -- maybe rank the pieces of integration benefits, mix reversions, seasonal leverage, however you want to take it.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So if you look at it, first quarter is always the softest. So we see volumes step up. Second, if you look at it historically, second, third and fourth quarter, are not dramatically different from volume where the first quarter is. So that's going to weigh down the year as probably the biggest single factor. I think from a mixed perspective, though, we do anticipate, for example, our adhesives area picking up throughout the year. And relative to sort of a strong mix we had in the first quarter from the coatings segment, that will be more balanced throughout the year. The third item is we do have costs that come in, in the first part of the year from the normal increases around merit and so forth. And as we've noted, we have some specific spending in the technology sector that plays out throughout the year, which gets absorbed more easily with the volume leverage that comes back in. So those are some of the things that we see, but it starts with volume leverage and then the ability to absorb the costs that we've talked about as these things come back and then some mix benefits that we anticipate throughout the year to get to a more normal mix of business.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Chris, this is Greg, I'd add, tying back to your first point, there is also some benefit of some of these integration costs being behind us in the first quarter. And as that volume levers as well, we'll get some lift in margins.
Christopher Glynn: Yes. And to follow up, I think, to get to the company target for the year of sort of in line with last year, you probably need to see ADS pop firmly into the low 30s for the second half. Is there anything off about that thinking?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I think we would anticipate, in general, margins for all of the businesses to pick up in the second half assuming the volume comes through. So I think you're going to see a general rise in tide, much like we saw happened last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville from KeyBanc.
Joseph K. Radigan: This is actually Joe Radigan on for Matt. Just a couple of questions. First, on the guidance, sequentially, you're guiding to 7% to 12% revenue growth. Last year, you did 14%. You've mentioned a couple of times this is a very similar environment to the last year. FX is a little bit more favorable. Not much, but orders are still relatively positive. What's driving the conservatives in there? Is it just what you're seeing in the plastics processing business that's kind of gives you some pause in guiding that sequential growth?
Michael F. Hilton: I'd say, first, we actually started off a little bit better in the first quarter from the volume growth perspective than we did last year, so we're not anticipating quite a steep a step up in the second quarter, and that's kind of #1. I mean, #2, quite frankly, we're still dealing with a pretty soft Europe and the whole discussions around sequester that I think could have an impact and have people hold back on the coming quarter a little bit. So I think those are probably the 2 main things that we're seeing decent order intake, but we still hear a sort of cautious environment and they're very short term from customers around who well may hold off a little bit. So we're seeing some of that, that factors in. So I think a little bit better start than last year at the beginning of the year and then a little bit of caution around things like the sequester here, and hopefully, that gets cleared up in some way in the next month or 2.
Joseph K. Radigan: Okay. And then on the capacity issue, you talked about EDI and Xaloy. Can you give a little more color on where utilization rates are now? And then is there a capacity you can take out in that footprint that you've acquired, or how are you thinking about that? Do you think that the volumes rebound and there's no need to adjust that or what...?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. Let me talk first just about high level. In our view on the plastics, market is strong growth in the long run and even solid growth right now from a demand standpoint, so I'd say 6% to 7% underlying market growth. So we don't really see that change. What we saw was a fairly heavy investment in '10 and '11 in a couple of subsegment markets that are particularly important markets for us, and that's not something we didn't anticipate. It's maybe a little bit more of an imbalance in the short term than we thought. But we're thinking that within a couple of quarters, you're starting to see that get back to a more normal investment pattern. So it's really investment versus underlying demand and the timing of that. So we're not overly concerned with that, number one. Number two, we did spend a lot of time last year, as I said, the folks did, particularly the EDI, prior to acquisition and we continue post acquisition to qualify new opportunities for us, and we're starting to get orders for those new opportunities now, particularly in the premium coating market, which aligns pretty well with our own Adhesives Coatings business so we see upside there. So long run, we feel good about it. We think this a couple of quarter kind of a thing, and we have other applications that we are getting traction with -- that we think will be helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner from CJS Securities.
Jason Ursaner: First, a couple of questions on the adhesive segment. In the plastics piece, can you just remind us what percent of sales of both businesses is replacement versus new equipment sales?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, roughly about 50%, I think, or slightly less than that is generally replacement. The timing of that -- there's 2 elements that drive that. One is wear, normal wear and the other is sort of more catastrophic type of thing. But the main driver is that normal wear. So it's in the mid-40% to 50% is typically what we would see.
Jason Ursaner: And is that piece seeing any of the softness or is it just purely on the new equipment sales to the machine or OEMs?
Michael F. Hilton: It's more on the new systems side of things.
Jason Ursaner: And I mean, just roughly, I mean, if the whole thing is seeing some softness that's 50-50 in general terms, I guess, compared to the prior cyclicality in the industry, does that still have farther to go or I guess, how much more could that be?
Michael F. Hilton: I think we're sort of starting on the uptick again here in terms of the absorption. Again, we don't see this as a long-term issue. We see this as a mainly a kind of a first quarter kind of issue, and things have been picking up and we expect to see good progress in the next couple of quarters. Quite frankly, we -- assuming the macroeconomic environment plays out in that sort of 2% GDP, we expect to be nicely positive for the year. So we're not overly concerned about what we're seeing in the first quarter. We're probably a quarter behind where we thought we're going to be.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And the seasonal impact in those businesses, was that just implying part of the softness in Q1 that there was a specific benefit last year in the first year effect or is that just you expect to...?
Michael F. Hilton: What we're trying to say is it's seasonal like our other businesses because of -- we're talking about the holiday period.
Gregory A. Thaxton: The capital investment cycle for that space is similar to the rest of Nordson, where, both from our customers' capital cycle as well as the holiday period, their volumes tend to be softer in the first quarter than the remaining quarters of our fiscal year.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. Is it more second-half weighted though than the other -- just because it looks like the guidance versus Q2 is pretty flat.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. It'll be more second-half weighted. And that's based on what we see in terms of bid activity and order trends and quite frankly, assuming an improvement from where we are today and sort of the U.S. side of GDP and global GDP in general.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And then just quickly in the advanced tech piece, order rates are still showing pretty solid growth. Do you think there was any impact from the timing of the Chinese lunar new year on year-over-year order rates? And then, I guess, also could you just talk about whether you saw any balance in that traditional PC server market?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So I would say there's a little bit of benefit just on year-over-year, where the new year heads but not much. I would say encouragingly, we have started to see, particularly in our consumable coating applications, some new orders come in that will be in a more traditional space. If you look at the industry forecast, there's still more second half weighted for that to tick up after really probably 1 year to 1.5 years would be fairly soft. But we have, in our recent order rates, seen some nice orders come in to support that kind of activity, so it's an encouraging sign. I'd say another encouraging sign we saw in our coatings business is really sort of-- some uptick in the office furniture side that we wouldn't have necessarily expected in some leisure products. Those are things that have been soft for a while, and we've seen a little bit of an indication of an uptick there. I think there's a lot to go there, yes, but it's encouraging.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Douglass from Longbow Research.
Mark Douglass: Mike, looking at, again, going to your comments on Fiscal '13, you mentioned the short cycle nature of your business but some of the order rates in your new product rollouts give you some confidence. However, when we look at tech, there's some very challenging comps. So it seems like tech is still implied to have very solid growth throughout the rest of the year though it has very tough comps. Do you have a longer view into the tech pipeline with mobile device manufacturers maybe getting involved early in the design manufacturing developments so you just feel better you got orders in hand that likely, you'll get some wins later in the year? Or can you talk about how you overcome such tough comps?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So first of all, we like the mobile area. We like the mobile areas because there's always new devices and features coming out and it's at least an annual cycle and sometimes more frequent than that. And yes, with some device suppliers, we are working on several next-generation opportunities as we speak, and we've been working on all of those. And we're looking to expand and broaden applications in that particular space as they put new devices in there, some newer opportunities, so we see some broadening there. Obviously, the smartphone growth rate is continuing to be strong but moderating a little bit as the penetration occurs. And then, I would say, in the electronic side, we're hopeful that we'll see a start backup in the second half of the year so some of the things that we talked about earlier in terms of more traditional applications. And then finally, we have very nice growth in our medical business, which our medical and general assembly in that space is about 25%, so we're seeing nice growth there on the medical piece of that in particular.
Mark Douglass: Was the growth in medical on a year-over-year basis was it not very strong last year?
Michael F. Hilton: No, it was solid last year, too. I'm just saying, you ask about going forward, we're seeing good growth now and we expect to continue to see good growth in that space going forward. So a quarter of that business is not electronics. So we see that as a continuation, and then we see the mobile as being strong. And then certain niche applications like MEMs are solid as well. So that kind of continuing from last year we see as important and given the potential, I think, the potential upside is more of the desktop server markets picking up in the latter half of the year.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Mark, I'd just make the point. This is a point last year where we started seeing that ramp up, if you will, in the Advanced Technology order book. But yet, to this -- at this point, our latest 12 weeks, we're still up 5% over a pretty robust set of numbers last year, so the trends are still moving in our favor.
Mark Douglass: And then Greg, just the $2 million per quarter investments in ATS, what was it in the first quarter?
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes. It was about $1 million in the first quarter.
Mark Douglass: Okay. So it steps up a little bit to 2Q.
Gregory A. Thaxton: Yes, steps up in Q2 and we expect the same $2 million in the out-quarters of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady from BMO Capital Markets.
Andrew Warkentin: This Andrew on for Charlie. Kind of just on -- follow on the last question, if there's kind of an expectation still for like the high teens to 20% growth in the mobile tech market?
Michael F. Hilton: Are you making a statement Andrew or is that a question?
Andrew Warkentin: Yes. That was a question. I think you mentioned it on the call last time.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. So if you look at smartphones last year, we're probably more like 30%, 40%, and we're expecting it to be more like the high teens to 20% this year just because you've had a huge wave of penetration over the last couple of years. We still see that being very robust. Then again, we don't see any change in this sort of cycle of development that people are getting any slower in introducing new products. And as I said earlier, we do also see this potential to expand some of the applications that we provide today into a couple of new areas. So that sort of combination makes us hopeful that we'll see a continued growth in that element of the electronics part of the business, and we're seeing that right now.
Gregory A. Thaxton: And Andrew, I'd add the point that it's also the features embedded into those smartphones that are drivers as well to our top line. It may not just be the volume of the smartphones, but if these manufacturers are adding features or capabilities within these devices, that's a good thing for us.
Michael F. Hilton: Yes. And so add another microphone, add another camera, put another accelerometer in there, Bluetooth features and then more sophisticated chips all support growth.
Andrew Warkentin: Okay. And I guess, the other question is, are you still kind of seeing that shift? I think it was in Industrial Coatings kind of away from parts.
Michael F. Hilton: We've seen -- it's not a shift away from parts. It's really about strong systems set of sales relative to what we've historically seen at this time of year. And then our view is there's a lot of pent-up demand for the last couple of years that is starting to come through at least with the big guys.
Gregory A. Thaxton: So in the softer cycle, when customers are pulling back from the investment in new systems, we're still selling those spare parts as they're running their production lines. In periods where you get that ramp up in investment as we're seeing now, it's not that there's less parts, it's just the waiting that's slanted more toward new systems.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke from Janney Capital Markets.
Liam D. Burke: Mike, on the adhesives business, was product mix in the traditional adhesives affect the gross margins at all this quarter?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, yes. When you look at the product lines, we do have some variation across the product lines and that did affect things negatively in terms of the more traditional approach. So yes, that was a factor. We're coming off a very, very favorable mix and a very high margin in the first quarter last year.
Liam D. Burke: Okay, great. And on the coatings business, the step up in operating margin is fairly healthy. You called out the volumes contributing significantly in those systems. In terms of directionally, how much more can you eke out of that business in terms of margin improvement?
Michael F. Hilton: Yes, we've got a very focused plan, have had a very focused plan over the last several years in terms of improving the profitability there, and we think there's continued to be more opportunity to go in that business. Obviously, some of it you realize, when the volume comes to fruition -- but, for example, we've had a very focused effort around our whole powder coatings business and we're sort of shipping the newest designs as we speak and we're starting to see the benefit come through from the newest approaches and design. So yes, we see more upside potential as the volume continues to grow there with the productivity improvements that we have in place in there. So I think it's a good story. Obviously, as with most of our businesses, volume is important and that's no exception, but it's a good story in terms of what that team has been able to do to improve the overall profitability and recognizing that that's an engineered systems business, where we're the OEM. So there's a lot of stuff in there that's not our stuff, and we're doing a good job.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Greg Halter from Great Lakes Review.
Gregory W. Halter: I wonder if you could provide some input on the impact that pricing had on your business in the quarter?
Michael F. Hilton: Well, I'd say pricing was generally fairly flat, maybe slightly up in certain areas, but fairly flat. On a typical year, we might see prices move 1% or 2% over the year. Typically, that's as the year plays out but not a huge movement. And then our focus is really continuing to be on bringing new technology and price it appropriately and get the benefits from a margin standpoint on that new technology.
Gregory W. Halter: All right. And I know you provided the free cash flow number, but what was cash flow from operations for the quarter?
Michael F. Hilton: Greg, [indiscernible].
Gregory A. Thaxton: Give Greg a second, he's looking that up.
Gregory W. Halter: Okay. And while you're looking that up, I presume there were no shares repurchased in the quarter?
Gregory A. Thaxton: No, not under our share repurchase program, no. So cash from operations in the quarter was about $40 million.
Gregory W. Halter: $40 million, okay. And one last one, it looked like there was about a $2.3 million swing between other expense and other income on a year-over-year basis. What was the main factors there or what we're the main factors there?
Gregory A. Thaxton: The biggest item in there would be currency loss on balance sheet positions and more specifically associated with the short movement in the yen.
Operator: I'm currently showing no further questions at this time. I would now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Michael F. Hilton: Well, thank you very much for participating in our conference today, and I would like again to thank our team for delivering a strong quarter and we're optimistic about where we can go from here so thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-12-14 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for the fourth and fiscal year 2012 conference call. [Operator instructions.] Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jim Jaye, director of communications and investor relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, operator, and happy holidays to everybody listening today. Im here with Mike Hilton, our president and chief executive officer; and Greg Thaxton, our senior vice president and chief financial officer. Wed like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, December 14, 2012 on Nordsons fourth quarter and full year results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight December 21 by calling 1-404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 75236774. During this conference call, forward-looking statement maybe made regarding our future performance, based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Id now like to turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our 2012 fourth quarter results and a bit about Nordsons future outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. Thank you for attending Nordsons fourth quarter 2012 conference call. In addition to our comments on the fourth quarter and full year, we will also provide some perspective on our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Let me begin by thanking all the members of our worldwide team. Their ability to get the job done, and their continued passion for our customers resulted in the strongest quarter in our history, and a record full year for the third year in a row. In terms of the fourth quarter, sales, operating profit, net income, and diluted EPS all exceeded the high levels we delivered in the fourth quarter a year ago. Solid demand across all segments and most geographies drove strong organic sales volume growth in the quarter. The first year effect of our recent acquisitions also added to the top line to bring total sales growth in the quarter to 33% compared to the same period a year ago. Our offering of best-in-class technology, applications expertise, and global support continues to resonate with customers worldwide. Looking forward to 2013, from a macroeconomic perspective, we face a backdrop much like 2012, with Europe in a recession, uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the fiscal cliff, and strength in emerging markets, albeit at growth rates below recent historical levels. Some economists are forecasting global GDP in 2013 to be essentially flat to that forecasted in 2012. Whatever the outcome may be, Nordson is well-positioned to respond to the market opportunities. In a few moments, Ill share more comments about the current business trends and our outlook. At this time, Ill turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our chief financial officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our fourth quarter and full year financial results, as well as some comments on our guidance for the first quarter of 2013. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As Mike described, we closed fiscal 2012 with very strong fourth quarter financial results. Sales in the quarter were $439 million, an increase of 33% over the prior years fourth quarter. This growth included a 19% increase in organic volume and a 16% increase related to the first-year effect of acquisitions. This total sales volume growth of 35% of the prior years fourth quarter was offset by a negative 2% impact from the effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. Looking at segment performance, adhesive dispensing sales volume increased 36% as compared to the prior years fourth quarter. Organic volume increased by 6%, while the first-year effect of acquisitions accounted for the remainder of the growth. The organic volume growth was balanced with solid improvement in product lines serving both consumer, nondurable, and durable end markets, and we generated organic growth in most all regions. Organic sales volume in the advanced technology segment was up 26% over the prior years fourth quarter, and the first-year effect of acquisitions added 2% to sales volume growth. The trend we have seen in this segment in recent quarters continued, with strong demand for dispensing and test and inspection equipment serving electronics end markets, especially for mobile device applications. We also delivered solid growth in our medical components platform and we continued to penetrate a variety of other niche markets. Within the industrial coating segment, sales volume increased 47% compared to the prior year, inclusive of 8% volume growth from the first-year effect of the Sealant Equipment acquisition and 39% organic growth. All product lines and all regions within this segment delivered significant organic growth during the quarter as larger tier customers moved forward with production efficiency and plant expansion programs. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was 55%, including charges of approximately $3 million associated with nonrecurring short term purchase accounting charges for required inventory. As compared to the prior years fourth quarter, gross margin was impacted in the quarter by segment and product mix, including acquisitions. Operating margin for the quarter was 24% of sales, slightly above our guidance due to volume leverage and equal to the strong level we delivered in the same period a year ago. As a point of clarification, $1.6 million of the nonrecurring short term purchase accounting charges related to the step up in the value of acquired inventory is reported in the adhesive dispensing segment results, and $1.4 million is reported in the industrial coating segment results. All short term purchase accounting charges are behind us, as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2012. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, adhesive dispensing delivered operating margin of 28%, or 29% excluding short term purchase accounting charges related to the step up in value of acquired inventory associated with Xaloy and EDI. Within advanced technology, strong top line growth, solid execution, and operating efficiencies resulted in operating margin of 27% in the quarter, an improvement of 4 percentage points over the same period a year ago and reflecting strong incremental margin year over year. The industrial coatings segment delivered operating margin of 16% in the quarter, or 18% excluding short term purchase accounting charges related to the step up in value of acquired inventory for the Sealant Equipment acquisition, reflecting very strong performance in the quarter. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter was $68 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $1.04, an increase of 28% over the fourth quarter a year ago. As in previous quarters, weve included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. Diluted earnings per share in the quarter include a $0.01 per share gain related to the sale of a building, a $0.03 per share nonrecurring charge for short term purchase accounting related to the step up in value of acquired inventory, and a $0.01 per share charge for a discrete tax item. After adjusting for these items, normalized earnings per share in the quarter was $1.07, an increase of 24% over the prior years fourth quarter normalized earnings per share. The third quarters EBITDA was $118 million, and fourth quarter free cash flow, before dividends, was $92 million, or 136% of net income, reflecting very strong cash conversion. From a balance sheet perspective, we remain very liquid, with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately 1.6x at the end of the fourth quarter, and remaining capacity under our existing revolving credit facility of approximately $238 million, along with our strong cash generation, provides adequate liquidity for strategic opportunities. At this time, Ill provide just a few comments on our full year performance. Sales for fiscal year 2012 were $1.4 billion, an increase of 14% compared to fiscal year 2011. The growth consisted of an 8% increase in organic volume, an 8% increase related to the first-year effect of acquisitions, and a negative 2% impact related to unfavorable effects of currency translation. Operating profit for the year was $335 million, net income was $225 million, and GAAP diluted earnings per share were $3.45, all full year records for Nordson. Excluding one-time items in both years, full year diluted earnings per share improved by 10% over the past year. Operating margin for the year was 24%, or 25% excluding certain one-time items, and full year EBITDA was $376 million, an 8% increase over fiscal 2011. Free cash before dividends was $250 million, or 111% of net income, again reflective of strong cash conversion. Ill add a couple of comments relative to the balance sheet that might be useful as you look at changes from the prior year. With regard to inventory, the increase of $28 million of the prior year all relates to fiscal 2012 acquired inventory, where inventory related to our legacy businesses declined by $2 million. And looking at other assets, this increase year-to-year is associated with intangible assets and goodwill from acquisitions. Before moving on to the outlook for our first quarter of fiscal 2013, Ill provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis, with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year, on a currency neutral basis, and with all fiscal year 2012 acquisitions included in both years. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending December 9, 2012, they were up 5% as compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the adhesive dispensing segment, orders over the last 12 weeks increased 1% from the prior year, led by growth in certain product lines serving consumer nondurable end markets. Advanced technology orders over the latest 12 weeks are up 2% from the prior year. Order growth across most segment product lines was offset by slower demand for automated dispensing systems. Within the industrial coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 26% over the past year. Orders were up significantly in all of the segments product lines, driven by capital programs of larger, well-capitalized customers. Orders improved most in the U.S., the Americas, and Asia-Pacific, within the industrial coating segment. Let me now turn to the outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Were forecasting sales to be in the range of $343 million to $354 million, an increase of 24% to 28% as compared to the first quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume growth of 7% to 11%, 18% growth from the first-year effect of acquisitions, and a negative 1% currency translation impact based on current exchange rate. We expect gross margin of approximately 58% in the quarter, operating margin is forecasted to be approximately 19% for the quarter, at the midpoint of our sales range. Were estimating an effective tax rate for the first quarter of approximately 29.5%, resulting in forecasted diluted EPS in the range of $0.63 per share to $0.70 per share, including a $0.01 per share benefit from a discrete tax item. Adding a few comments relative to this first quarter forecast, the gross margin outlook reflects the trends in segment and product type mix were currently seeing in our orders. Specifically, strength in durable goods end markets is expected to drive industrial coatings segment revenue and systems revenue for the total company will be a larger portion of the mix in the quarter than a year ago. Regarding selling and administrative expenses, we will be funding certain projects and initiatives during the quarter and the full year, beyond our traditional R&D spending levels. These investments will drive incremental organic revenue growth over the long term, but are not forecasted to generate incremental revenue during fiscal 2013. During the first quarter, this incremental spending is expected to be approximately $2 million, and will likely be a similar amount of spend in the remaining quarters of fiscal year 2013. I would also highlight the impact of seasonality in our business, where the first quarter is our weakest in terms of sales, and this is true for the recent acquisitions. We expect that, if we generate sequential sales growth in the remaining quarters of fiscal year 2013, we should generate increasing incremental margin such that if total company organic growth for the year is in line with fiscal 2012 organic growth, we could see full year operating margin in line with our reported fiscal 2012 performance, inclusive of dilutive effect of acquisitions and the incremental step up in R&D spending I just talked about. In addition to this first quarter outlook, the following fiscal 2013 full year data points may be helpful for modeling purposes. We estimate maintenance capex for fiscal 2013 to be approximately $45 million to $50 million, or approximately 3.5% of 2012 revenue, reflecting an increase in spending associated with acquisitions as well as incremental investments in manufacturing productivity and our IT infrastructure. I would expect full year maintenance capex to moderate to around 2.5% of revenue in future periods. In terms of our effective tax rate, we are forecasting the full year rate to be about 30.6%, or 30.9% in quarters two through four. This estimate is based on the current tax law. In summary, we delivered excellent fourth quarter performance, as our global team continued to deliver at a very high level, and current order rates are driving our outlook for a solid first quarter.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions, Id like to provide some additional comments on our outlook for the quarter. We begin 2013 with a solid outlook for our first quarter based on the continuing strength we are seeing in our current order rates. And as Greg noted, there is a seasonality in Nordsons business, with first quarter volumes typically being the lowest, due to the overlap with holidays and customer plant shutdowns, as well as many customers new capital spending budget approvals occurring late in January. Relative to the operating performance in the first quarter, we are expecting segment mix and product type mix to have an effect on our performance compared to the first quarter a year ago, along with the funding of certain investments in the first quarter that we believe will help drive organic growth and competitiveness over the long term. Among these investments are new product development and launch costs, Asia localization initiatives associated with our advanced technology segment, and some other incremental customer-facing investments. In terms of our end markets, we continue to see long term, steady growth in consumer nondurables such as rigid and flexible packaging and nonwovens, growth in mobile devices is expected to remain strong, and any renewal of corporate spending on traditional PCs, servers, and infrastructure could provide additional potential upside. And medical applications continue to expand for us as well. For most all of our businesses, our presence in emerging markets should continue to deliver excellent growth opportunities. Regarding our recent acquisitions, we are on track with our integration plans and making good progress toward incorporating Nordsons continuous improvement initiatives into these businesses. With regard to the current market trends within plastic processing, although were seeing recent softness in flexible packaging OEM demand, we do expect to be on plan for the year as capacity has reached a level where further investment is required. We remain very excited about the growth opportunity in plastic processing, as well as the cold material end markets served by sealant equipment, and are optimistic that these businesses will be strong contributors to Nordsons overall performance. While we are expecting 2013 to be another good year for Nordson, many of the past years uncertainties persist in the global macroeconomic environment. However, specific to Nordson, we are well-positioned regardless of the economic background, and we plan to achieve our goals by relying on our core strengths: our teams ability to execute, our commitment to continuous improvement, and the many growth markets where we see opportunity. We will continue to drive value for our customers through our applications expertise, differentiated technology, and direct and sales service support. Id like to thank, again, our global team for a great year in 2012, and I am confident they will continue to get the job done in 2013. At this time, lets turn to your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: A lot of talk about the segment mix shifting here, obviously coatings doing great. But at the midpoint of the first quarter guidance, how would you see the other two segments fitting into that framework?
Mike Hilton: Id say, overall, if you think about where we are this year, its not too different from where we were last year, with slightly better order rates going into the first quarter. The other two segments last year were, I think, down modestly, and now were up modestly, and industrial coatings is considerably stronger than it was a year ago. So overall, our order rates and our backlog are stronger than we saw a year ago, modestly so.
Greg Thaxton: And Chris, I would add to that, we do expect to see a shift, overall, for the total company in the weighting of systems versus parts, where weve got about a 3 percentage point decline, first quarter of last year to first quarter of this year, associated with parts revenue. So thats having an impact on the gross margins as well.
Christopher Glynn: And then at ATS, just broadly, looking out, as you think about the year. You have the launch costs and some customer-facing investments. Is there any reason to think, for the full year, fiscal 13, ATS top line couldnt be consistent with your long term outlook for that segment?
Mike Hilton: Maybe Ill comment first on our view of global outlook, and then Ill address your specific question. This year we think globally GDP is going to come in at something like 2.3%, and our sort of organic revenue, on a volume basis, is coming in at about 8%. Our view next year is that its probably going to be maybe slightly lower than that, maybe 2.1% or 2.2%. And so we would expect that the initiatives that we have that drive things, and the market positions, that if that in fact happens, that we should see another good year. I think with the AT segment, we are still hearing from customers, and I think in the market that the sort of mobile demand is going to be strong, particularly smartphones and tablets, even off a strong year. So people are projecting further improvements and increases there. And were starting to see that translate into more inspection opportunities for us, not just dispense opportunities. Id say the part of the market thats been absent is really the more traditional PC server market that, in a lot of ways, is linked to corporate spending. And I think thats still a wild card, but most pundits suggest that this will be an up year for that segment as opposed to a down year. So I think overall, Id say were cautiously optimistic that this will be a good year. And then within the technology segment, recall about 25% of our business is going through medical, dental, and others, and thats been a consistent solid performer for us.
Christopher Glynn: You mentioned the customers expecting, still, strong demand from mobile. Are they also talking about similar rates of new platform replacements, turnover?
Mike Hilton: What we see from an industry perspective is high teens to 20% kind of year-on-year growth, and typically theres at least one, and sometimes two, cycles per year. And the applications get more demanding. So for, particularly, the higher end customers, we see turnover in investment equipment. Now, were coming off a very very strong year in 2012, so the comparisons are going to be tougher. But were hearing encouraging signs at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass: Back to tech, can you update us on the mix? In the past youve mentioned roughly 75% of it is electronics, and the net split a third, a third, a third, between mobile, computer, and then niche. Certainly the overall electronics mix, I assume its likely a lot larger going into 13, and probably mobile as well. Any updates or comments on how that mix is within the segment?
Mike Hilton: Electronics is larger, but not a lot different than Q1, Q3, and mobile is higher, again. Probably a few points higher than the a third, a third, a third kind of split. But its not dramatically different. So its probably a few points higher, but not significantly larger than that at the moment.
Mark Douglass: And then looking out into 13, certainly three and four provide very large comps, mostly through, I assume, a certain large mobile device company. Is it still even possible, even with a recovery in PCs and maybe a little bit more investment spending in some other mobile device companies Could you still even see year over year growth?
Mike Hilton: First of all, you know our visibility really is only a quarter out. But what I would say is our long term view is, in that whole sort of tech space segment - I think weve talked about this in the past - we think we can grow 5 percentage points above what we see in the underlying market. And thats not too different than what we see in our overall base business too, in terms of kind of GDP through our organic growth. So our view is, yes, were going to have tough comps in the second half of the year, but on an overall basis, if we see GDP in that sort of 2.2% rate - thats pretty modest - we still expect to see a nice growth in our technology business. Id say current order quote activity is solid in that business. Now, obviously if we see a deterioration in the macroeconomic environment, as weve talked about in the past, were not going to be immune. And recall also that weve got a nice segment in the medical space that we see good growth opportunities there as well. So our base plan would be consistent with the kind of growth that weve seen over the last year, provided the macroeconomic environment plays out that way.
Mark Douglass: I think about the larger acquisitions this past year. Any updates to what you might expect as far as margin impact this next year, with improving efficiencies? Any restructuring potential in 2013 in those businesses?
Mike Hilton: I think we expect to be kind of on track with what we talked about when we made the acquisitions in terms of their contribution this year. What I would say is that we are seeing, in general, greater potential from a synergy standpoint, both on the revenue side and on the cost side. Some things take longer to achieve, particularly the revenue synergies, but were seeing an encouraging - particularly in the plastics side - customer pool. And so Id say probably not much different than what we thought for this coming year, but potentially more upside down the road.
Operator: Our next question comes from matt Summerville of KeyBanc. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Can you talk about, as youve progressed through the last 12-week period, where youre providing the order data, kind of what the sequential cadence looked like? And to the extent youre seeing any pushouts and deferrals, can you frame that up for us as well, across the businesses?
Mike Hilton: Just a high-level comment, Id say that sort of 6-week order versus 12-week order, weve not really seen any difference. Its been solid. We have seen the typical seasonal pattern that we see in our businesses, particularly in the tech side, where it kind of peaks in the summer and tracks down from an order standpoint. But nothing in the last six weeks. And as commented earlier, the quote activity is pretty strong. I think the coatings is unusually strong, but I think thats some large customers really finishing out their plans for the current year with key improvements, either on consolidation or productivity, or some new features. So I think thats all fairly consistent, and not a significant change weve gone through. What I would say is were hearing the common theme that others are hearing, that sort of middle tier customer being more cautious, particularly around bigger-ticket investments. That kind of plays across all of our businesses. Things like product assembly and adhesives, and some of our larger-ticket die systems. And while current orders in coatings are strong at what wed call the top of the pyramid, we hear some caution in the middle. So I think in the short term, given the uncertainty, particularly around the fiscal cliff, were hearing that sort of middle tier customer talk about some concerns. But we still see solid bid activity and not a deterioration across the quarter so far.
Greg Thaxton: Id just add, specifically, a point about order cancellations. There is the point that Mike just talked about, on the pace of that mid-tier. But in terms of cancellation of orders, we havent really seen anything beyond what we would typically see in the business.
Matt Summerville: I want to talk about the coatings business for a second, because I would imagine that if we go back and look over the last several quarters, your peers are not posting the kind of growth that youre posting in this segment. So could you talk about how youre thinking about your market share position in that space, what having a more entry-level product line has brought to the table? And I guess from your standpoint, whats the duration of this cycle in that coatings business?
Mike Hilton: Let me comment at a high level on what things seem to be doing well. Solid in the appliance side. The small end, sort of ag equipment side, pretty solid. The smaller niche oil and gas piece, solid. And autos been solid. A lot of the other stuff really has not come back. And what I would say also is were seeing larger customers who are making investments to either consolidate facilities to onshore facilities or to improve productivity. We talked about that earlier in the year, and thats really played out in a lot of these investments. Id say our tiering strategy in Asia in particular, and other emerging markets, is progressing. But thats not having a huge effect right now in terms of what were seeing from an order perspective. So its those market niches where were well-positioned, and its kind of the enhancement productivity drive for the larger customers that are really driving things right now. So I think the upside is if we get through the next few months without any disasters coming out of Washington, then I think well potentially see some upside in the year in that what we call middle-of-the-pyramid customer.
Matt Summerville: And then Greg, just one more follow up. Can you talk about, in terms of expense inflation, what youre looking at in terms of your base business for fiscal 13? And then can you just mention what the funded status of your pension was at the end of the year, what the pension expense looks like in 13, and any cash contributions?
Greg Thaxton: In terms of our expense growth, consistent with prior years, Id anticipate that well continue to invest in the emerging market. Most of that is putting people in front of customers. So we talked about this particular step out in spending. Id anticipate the base spending to be probably consistent with what we saw in the prior year. And in terms of our funding, obviously discount rates have hurt us, like they have most others, with defined benefit plans. I think our contribution is going to be pretty modest. Call it, for our domestic plan, maybe in the $20 million range. Pension expense will be pretty consistent with what it was last year. And Im thinking that for the domestic plan that was about $15 million. Probably somewhere in that neighborhood.
Matt Summerville: And then the funded status, Greg?
Greg Thaxton: The funded status, if you look at GAAP funded status, its about 70%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Charlie Brady: Lets just focus on the margins a little bit. I just want to understand the margin outlook going forward. Even if you factor in that $2 million a quarter extra spending beyond normal, that looks to be roughly about a 50 basis point hit, maybe, depending on how you allocate it. But the implied margin going forward looks a bit steeper than that. And obviously some of that is maybe a parts mix. But I guess Im trying to understand how much is the impact from a mix shift from parts, downward from where we were last year, how much is a headwind from some of the acquisitions that have been made this year, and then the rest coming in from additional spending?
Mike Hilton: Let me take a crack at that. I think youre in the ballpark there, with the comments as it relates to the specific targeted additional spending that we talked about. We do have two mix effects in the core business, and then with the acquisition. So Greg mentioned that our parts systems mix is down about 3 points from a parts perspective, in the first quarter year over year. And if you look at the mix between segments, based on current order rates, were going to see a considerably higher mix from coatings versus the other two segments. So we have sort of that segment effect. And then as we said, the acquisitions that we talked about this year were lower margin than our sort of average margin by a number of basis points. And so those are sort of the three effects. I havent calculated how they play out, whether theyre equal or ones higher than the other. But those are the three effects. And theyre not insignificant when you look at the first two in particular, and then you add in the acquisition mix.
Charlie Brady: Just looking at your organic growth assumption, Q1 looks pretty good, 7-11%, I guess. But your comment about maintaining margins if your organic growth in 13 that you got in 12 - which in 12 it was about 8%. But the Q1 orders are 5%, which is a pretty steep deceleration from Q3, and even down from Q2, on what is, essentially, an easier comp. And youve given your visibility. I guess Im trying to understand your confidence level in getting up to an 8% core growth rate in 13.
Mike Hilton: As you know, we have pretty good visibility until a quarter out, and then beyond that, we dont. But to me this feels quite a bit like where we were last year, where we saw some softening in the first quarter and suggested maybe even the first half, and then some rebound in the second half. And our confidence there really related to a view of what the overall macroeconomic environment might be for the year. So part of this comes down to do you believe that next year is essentially going to be similar or maybe just slightly worse than this year, on an overall macro basis? And from our perspective, if it is, were confident that our market positions, our ability to execute some of the specific initiatives that we have that make us a little bit different, will drive that differential growth from a GDP basis to a 7-8% kind of revenue growth. It all hinges on whether or not the macroeconomy plays out that way, and nobodys crystal ball is great. But thats our current operating forecast. So were pretty confident in our ability to deliver above whatever the macro-environment is, in a significant way. I think what were less confident in - and nobodys all that confident at the moment - is what that macro-environment is going to be. So thats really the basis of what were talking about here, and you can think about that is kind of our base plan from a macro standpoint, and we think we can deliver above that, based on our historical ability, our market positions, the niches were invested in, the initiatives we have ongoing.
Charlie Brady: On corporate expense line in Q4, a little less than we were looking for. Was there anything that maybe skewed that down a little bit? Or just kind of normal noise in there?
Greg Thaxton: Theres nothing that really stood out thats an unusual item in there in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner of CJS Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Ursaner: First, a couple of quick follow ups on the coating segment. You mentioned the general strength in durable goods and systems. Is there any more specific secular trend within powder coating or another product line that you could point to really driving that? And then how sustainable do you think that is given that it does lag the economy and more recent data has seen the capital goods and durable consumer good categories fall off in industrial production?
Mike Hilton: What I would say is at least the strength for us has been in those market initiatives that I talked about. So, appliance has been solid. Small agro has been solid. The niche energy play has been solid, and auto has been solid. Those are the four subsegments that have been solid. What hasnt been very good at all has been anything in the leisure markets, and then sort of office furniture, leisure products, those kinds of things have been nowhere. And the second comment that we made was really around particularly top-tier customers taking the opportunity to improve efficiency, add features, do some consolidation. And then some growth in the emerging markets, mainly in those same segments that we talked about. So I think going forward, you really need to see a step up in housing and construction for those leisure products to come back, and we dont see a dramatic improvement in that in the short term. We do see the potential for expansion with our tiering strategy in the emerging markets, and we do expect to see the top customers continue to invest at a reasonable level. And then I think the other area that we added to our current portfolio with the Sealant Equipment acquisition is sort of the cold materials side of things we see as differentially higher growth for us going forward. I think the risk is the middle tier customers just holding off, and maybe some slowdown in the top tier. But right now, from order and bid activity, it still looks pretty solid. Again, were not immune to the macro, so if what were hearing from a macro standpoint would continue throughout the year, wed see some impact. But right now, thats where were seeing the strength in the business.
Jason Ursaner: And would you attribute any part of the growth to market share gains from instability in the market that was brought on by industry consolidation at all?
Mike Hilton: Id say not in the context of looking at our direct competitors. I would say what we are seeing is consolidation in the customer side, and some onshoring kind of opportunities. And weve been well-positioned to take advantage of those.
Jason Ursaner: And from a profit perspective, excluding sealant, and exclusive of the purchase accounting, it still looks like the incremental profitability on the growth in coatings was a bit less than prior quarters. Was there any specific factor you saw that limited the incremental leverage there in the quarter?
Greg Thaxton: I think incremental margin in that particular segment, although relatively strong, is impacted by some of the product mix within that segment. So for example, we had some good, strong revenue growth within powder engineered systems, that are going to impact that incremental margin.
Jason Ursaner: And then just going back to tech, obviously you got a bunch of questions on it, but within semi manufacturing, theres a lot of increasing discussion about an emerging mid end value level thats focused on this advanced wafer level packaging 3D architecture. Mike, I was just wondering if you could maybe talk a little bit, because you mentioned the inspection and the mobile chip strength. If you could just talk a little bit about how tied you see that segment to that specific long term trend as opposed to just overall semi capex, which you do continue to outperform pretty solidly?
Mike Hilton: I would say we kind of view the go vertical as an added opportunity for us, when you look at the three-dimensional packaging. Right now its stacking chips and ultimately - and the question is when is ultimately - the technology might go through the three-dimensional integrated circuits. But right now were already seeing leading edge customers stacking the chips, and that provides not only a second level underfill opportunity for us, and some interconnect opportunities, but it also drives, particularly x-ray inspection, even harder, because optical doesnt work as you start going vertical to the extent that you need. So we see that as a plus from an emerging trend standpoint. When does the process of record become the 3D integrated circuit is anybodys guess. Generally speaking, those kinds of transitions, which are significant, take a long time. But were starting to see it play out with stacked packages and we think were plugged into the right people to understand what the opportunities are there. But Id say its not a next-year phenomenon. Thats something that will evolve over the next five years or so.
Jason Ursaner: And then just generally, what are you seeing in terms of product pricing? I guess this is more on the adhesive side. Have you taken any broader based increases in pricing to the portfolio where youre more of a component in a larger system?
Mike Hilton: Generally speaking, for the year were up. Were up in that sort of low single digit one or two percent range. We are being more surgical, where the value allows us to adjust the pricing, and our focus really is on continuing to drive value. So were moving it where it makes sense, and I think we already have the best product, and its priced according to its value. We are, in all of our segments, looking at the next generation technology. Most recently, we highlighted next-generation packaging technology in the adhesive area that will be available for sale in the first quarter. Pretty dramatically different approach to things that we think customers will be interested in, and will create incremental demand in the near term, and overall long horizon will ultimately replace some of the existing infrastructure. But our focus is, yes, strategically on pricing, but more around the new product development to create more value. Were doing that in technology, were doing that in all of our businesses.
Jason Ursaner: Can you discuss the performance of some of the recent acquisitions in any more detail? I know you gave the first year effect, but can you talk about some of the actual organic growth youre seeing on those as a component of your overall volume growth?
Mike Hilton: Id say compared to our core business, we feel the long term growth rates in the plastics side of things are going to be one or two percentage points greater than what we see in our [unintelligible] today. And we see cold materials probably 3% greater than what we see on our core coatings business. Our outlook there hasnt changed. Id say in the short term, were probably a little ahead of expectations in one area, kind of on in the other, and a little behind in the third. And Id say it comes down to the comment we made earlier. Bigger-ticket items, customers are pausing a little bit here, to see how things play out, particularly in the U.S. But I think for the year we feel pretty good about where were at across all of those platforms. In the long term, we think it enhances our overall portfolio growth. And as I said earlier, we actually think were going to be able to generate, longer term, more revenue and more productivity improvements than we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Mike, on Gregs comments, he talked about ATS growth, and medical doing well, and then he talked about niche applications, or additional niche applications. Were there any within that category that are significant enough to move the needle? Or are they still at the more emerging stage?
Mike Hilton: In the electronics side, weve talked about a number of different things. Id say at this point in time were talking about singles, but the strongest performer in the short term in that niche category would be the MEMS business. And thats everything from being supported by the mobile piece, being supported by more electronics in autos, and industrial medical automation. So thats probably been the strongest of the niches. The weakest of the niches has been solar, which has gone nowhere in the last year. I think thats basically the overall cost-effectiveness at the moment, and overcapcacity in the short term. Id say the LED piece is poised to see some significant growth in the next few years, but again, in that what Id call singles category. Id say on the medical side, were broadening the portfolio in the areas that we talked about, and were seeing good growth with our key OEM partners in that area. But again, we look at it as not a home run application thats going to drive things. I think we are making an investment, as Greg talked about, in a technology area that could, down the road, be more like a double or maybe a triple, but its not without risk. And so thats part of the investment that were talking about here in the short term.
Liam Burke: And the cash flow was strong this year, even with the stepped-up capex. Expect to be pretty strong next year. Understanding theres always acquisition opportunities, is the priority still going to be acquisitions for the available cash?
Mike Hilton: Yeah, if you look at where were at, obviously weve made three in the end of the last year, so were working hard on integration and driving all the benefits from those. We are generating, as you say, a lot of cash. We do have a good pipeline, and as you say, we never know when theyre going to come through. Id say if a good strategic opportunity comes through, were going to pursue that. If it doesnt, were going to continue to pay down debt and maybe look at some other things that wed like to continue what we do from a dividend perspective as weve talked about, and continue to increase that. So yes, I think if the right opportunities are there, and we feel good, that we have a good pipeline, but its not obvious when those things are going to occur. But Id say if there was a good opportunity, we wouldnt pass it up, given where we are, because we do feel confident in the cash flow that we generate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Maczka: I had a technical difficulty. I may have missed this. But can you just revisit, in terms of your margin outlook for the year, getting something comparable to what we just did in 12, were going to start Q1 in a bit of a hole, so how do we get back to that level? And I know sequentially throughout the year, that ought to build as volumes build, but how do we get back flat, or even better, when we do have some real headwinds here in terms of mix and lower margin acquisition? Are you expecting the systems mix, which is a big headwind, in Q1, to really reverse as we get beyond it?
Mike Hilton: Yeah, so theres a number of comments. Youre correct, we do expect, as volume comes back, to deliver leverage on that volume, number one. Number two, wed say the systems parts mix will be more helpful as we go forward. Number three, we do have productivity and continuous improvement efforts that will come into play to offset some of the strategic step up in spending that we have coming forward. So we think that will continue. And then as we integrate the acquisitions, we do have some benefits that we expect to come from those. So I think Gregs comment was, yes, we have some step up in spending for specific initiatives, and we have a margin dilution effect from the acquisitions, but between volume, leverage, productivity, and integration benefits, we think were going to see that kind of improvement, as we saw this year. And youll recall we also have added expense in the first quarter, just in our normal merit increases and so forth, that with volume leverage going forward we see that come back. So weve got a lot of moving parts here, but we feel good about the initiatives. Obviously its all against a market backdrop thats a reasonable market backdrop, and not full-blown global recession or something like that. And wed operate accordingly, as weve done in the past, and react consistently.
Kevin Maczka: In terms of the different spare parts mix, is there an element of year end destocking, in a way, on the part of your customers, thats driving that, where you think that hurts in Q1, but then gets better beyond?
Mike Hilton: First of all, theres a relative strength in the systems piece. So we expect parts to grow next year, like they grew this year. Its just that the balance, we think, is going to change, and I think thats more of the driver than anything else.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Christoper Glynn of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Just one more on the top line bridge from the first quarter of the year. We get your macro expectation, clearly. And then to just get around the really tough comps in the back half. If we take tech, should we look at the mobile dynamic really as just further increasing the steepness of the seasonality each year, as this market goes forward?
Mike Hilton: Im not quite sure what you mean there. I think typically if you look at it, as weve described in the past, our revenue curve is sort of relatively light in the first quarter and then for the next three quarters its pretty strong, and considerably different. But our order pattern starts to decline, and the fourth quarter continues to decline through probably two-thirds of our first quarter then starts to step back, or orders tend to peak in second and third quarter. We anticipate that same kind of pattern here. And youre right, the second half of the year was strong last year. If you look at the year before, our quarters two and three were really strong, and this year three and four were really strong. So it can vary quarter to quarter depending on how orders come through, but generally speaking, its two, three, and four where you see the robustness. And it can shift year-on-year. So we expect to see, in that kind of an environment, improvement. Improvement might be less in the second half of the year, given those tough comps, but we do expect to see improvement if the global economy plays out, and we dont go into some kind of a global recession or something like that.
Christopher Glynn: Sure. And I know the timing can move a little bit. But I think the question is are you seeing the seasonality generally become more pronounced each year, driven by the mobile markets leading the growth?
Mike Hilton: From an overall company perspective, Id say no. And from a technology perspective, Id say its similar in terms of the seasonality. Theres generally a big push in Qs two and three to get stuff out there for model changes and holiday season, and weve kind of seen that. Whats been fairly absent this past year has been that push in the server, typical PC market, desktop type market. And I think the forecasters are a little bit more optimistic that, particularly in the second half of 2013, you might see that come back. We dont know. It may or may not happen. But theyre optimistic, I think, of sort of mid-single digits kind of growth for the year. As opposed to going into last year, where they were looking at mid double digit declines. So well see how that plays out. But no, I wouldnt say were seeing a dramatic difference in seasonal patterns, no. It tends to be the most pronounced in the technology business.
Greg Thaxton: Following up on that last comment Mike made, of course, going against that cyclicality is our progress were making on expanding the less automated and medical components portion of that product line, particularly with opportunities in emerging markets that have a more steady pattern to the growth rates.
Jim Jaye: And with that, were going to have to end our call there. So thank you everybody for joining us. Happy holidays to everybody, and I will be around throughout the day if you have any follow ups, if you want to email or call me. Thank you again, everybody.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-08-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Alley. This is Jim Jaye, and Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Wed like to welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, August 21, 2012 on Nordsons third quarter results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Tuesday, August 28th by calling 1-404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 16713095. During this conference call forward-looking statement maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question-and-answer session. Id now like to turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our 2012 third quarter results and a bit about Nordsons future outlook. Please go ahead, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for attending Nordsons third quarter 2012 conference call. In addition to our comments on the third quarter, we will also provide some perspective on our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Let me begin by thanking Nordsons global team for continuing to serve our customers at the highest level and for delivering an outstanding quarter. Third quarter sales, operating profit, net income and diluted earnings per share were records levels for any quarter in Nordsons history, where strong organic sales volume at all segments and geographies help drive this record performance. Our customers continue to respond to our value proposition of best-in-class technology, applications expertise and global support. Acquisitions did add 10 percentage points of growth in the quarter. These acquisitions include Verbruggen and Value Plastics, both completed in fiscal year 2011, and the EDI and Xaloy acquisitions completed during this years third quarter. These two recent acquisitions along with Verbruggen provide Nordsons with a very strong platform in global plastics processing, a space we think has good growth and profitability characteristics. Integration efforts are on track and we are very excited about the opportunities for these businesses going forward and the new team members that have come with them. I would also like to add a few comments regarding Sealant Equipment acquisition, which we completed on August 1st. Sealant Equipment is a leader in the engineering and manufacturing of meter, mix and dispense equipment and valves which apply 1-part, 2-part and 3-part adhesive, sealant and lubricating materials. This acquisition provides us with broader presence in cold materials equipment market, especially in the general industry applications. Its an excellent complement to what we already do in this space and we see significant opportunities to leverage Nordsons global infrastructure to grow the business beyond its current largely North American footprint. Ill share some comments about current business trends but before that let me turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our third quarter financial results, as well as some comments on our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As Mike noted, our financial results for the third quarter were outstanding. Sales in the quarter were $380 million, an increase of 22% over the prior years third quarter. This growth included a 16% increase in organic volume and as Mike noted, a 10% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions. This total sales volume growth of 26% over the prior years third quarter is offset by a negative 4% impact from the effects of currency translation related primarily to the euro again as compared to the prior year. Looking at segment performance, Adhesive Dispensing sales volume increased 21% as compared to the prior years third quarter. Organic volume increased by 4% while the first year effective acquisitions accounted for the remainder. The organic volume growth was driven by those product lines serving consumer non-durable end markets offsetting the softness in general assembly product lines serving consumer durable end markets. This was also the case for our European adhesives business highlighting the general stability of the consumer non-durable end markets. Organic sales volume in the Advanced Technology Segments was up 33% over the prior years third quarter and the first year effective acquisitions added 6% to sales growth. Strong demand for dispensing and test and inspection equipment serving electronics end markets, especially mobile device applications along with continued penetration of a variety of niche markets drove the increase. Within the Industrial Coating Segments sales volume increased 12% compared to the prior year. Sales of powder coating and cold material product lines for durable goods applications drove the improvement. Growth in this segment was strongest in the U.S. and Japan. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was 59%, including acquisitions and the associated short-term purchase accounting charges for acquired inventory. Operating margin improved to 26% in the quarter, 1 percentage point higher than the previous years third quarter. Operating margin in the quarter, excluding the fiscal year 2012 acquisitions, short-term purchase accounting charges and associated transaction fees was 28% in line with our guidance reflecting the continuing strength of our underlying base business. As a point of clarification, transaction costs associated with the 2012 acquisitions are reported as corporate expenses and were approximately $1.8 million in the quarter, short-term purchase accounting charges related to inventory totaled $1.7 million and are reflected in the adhesives segment results. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing delivered another quarter of very strong performance, with operating margin of 30% or 33% excluding the EDI and Xaloy acquisitions, and the short-term purchase accounting charges. Within Advanced Technology outstanding topline growth, solid execution and operating efficiencies drove operating margin to 33% in the quarter, an improvement of 5 percentage points over the same period a year ago. With this segments typically seasonality, we do expect to see moderation in both sales and operating margin given the volume leverage within this segment. Industrial Coating Systems delivered operating margin of 14% in the quarter. On a sequential basis operating profit, excluding one-time charges in both quarters expanded at nearly twice the rate of sales, reflecting nice volume leverage within the business. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter was $67 million and diluted earnings per share were $1.03. As in previous quarters, weve included an earnings per share reconciliations schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. Diluted earnings per share in the current quarter include a $0.01 per share discrete tax benefit, a $0.02 per share charge for short-term purchase accounting related to the step-up in value of inventory from the EDI and Xaloy acquisitions, and a $0.02 per share charge for acquisition related costs. The EDI and Xaloy acquisitions including the short-term purchase accounting charges, transaction fees and financing cost were dilutive to earnings per share by $0.02 in the quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was a record $107 million and third quarter free cash flow before dividends was $72 million or 108% of net income reflecting very strong cash conversion. From a balance sheet perspective even with the completed acquisitions, we remained very liquid with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of less than two times at the end of the third quarter and remaining capacity under our existing credit facilities of approximately $180 million, along with our strong cash generation provides adequate liquidity for strategic investments. Before moving on to the outlook for our fourth quarter, Ill provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent audit data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis and with fiscal 2011 acquisitions included in both years and fiscal 2012 acquisitions not owned for the full 12-week period excluded. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending August 12, 2012, theyre up 15% compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. Within the Adhesive Dispensing Segments orders over the last 12 weeks increased 7% from the prior year, driven by solid growth from all product lines. Advanced Technology orders over the latest 12 weeks are up 22% from the prior year. Demand for automated and semi-automated dispensing solutions serving mobile consumer electronic devices, as well as demand for fluid management components for healthcare and medical markets, along with ongoing penetration of other niche markets drove the increase. Orders improved in every geography as compared to the prior year within this segment. Within the Industrial Coating Systems, the latest 12-week orders were up 23% compared to the prior year. We generated double-digit order growth in every product line with growth strongest in Japan, U.S. and Asia Pacific. Let me now turn to the outlook for the fourth quarter, which includes the impacts of the EDI, Xaloy and Sealant Equipment acquisitions. We are forecasting sales to be in the range of $408 million to $422 million, an increase of 23% to 27% as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume up 11% to 15%, 16% growth from the first year effective acquisitions and a negative 4% currency translation impact based on current exchange rates. We expect gross margin of between 56% to 57% in the quarter, inclusive of $2.5 million of short-term purchase accounting charges for acquired inventory. Operating margin is forecasted to be approximately 23% for the quarter at the midpoint of our sales range or 24% excluding the impact of short-term purchase accounting charges. Excluding fiscal 2012 acquisitions and associated charges, and non-recurring charges included in the prior years fourth quarter normalized operating margin as forecasted at 26% for the current years fourth quarter as compared to 25% in the prior years fourth quarter, reflecting the positive impact of the sales volume leverage. We are estimating an effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of approximately 30.5%, resulting and forecasted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.96 per share to $1.04 per share. This estimate includes $0.01 per share related to the gain on sale of a facility as a result of our previously mentioned adhesives footprint consolidation initiative and a $0.03 per share charge for short-term purchase accounting related to our recent acquisitions. In summary, we delivered excellent third quarter performance as our global team continued to deliver at very high level and current order rates are driving our outlook for a very strong fourth quarter.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Greg. Before taking your questions Id like to point out a few other highlights from the third quarter and also provide additional comments on our current order rates and outlook. On a day-to-day basis our global team continues to get the job done better than almost anyone. Id like to call out some initiatives we have completed that will help drive superior performance. During the quarter, we opened our newly expanded center of excellence for Advanced Technology in Suzhou, China. In addition to greater manufacturing capability to serve the region, this facility features testing and laboratory capabilities, a full training and demonstration center and will serve as a base for enhanced sales and aftermarket service support for this region, production capability will ramp up over the next nine to 12 months. We also completed the consolidation of our Adhesive Dispensing facilities where we have consolidated from four separate facilities to two, one of the vacant buildings has been sold and we will realize a gain in the fourth quarter of about $1 million on proceeds of $5 million and the other is on the market now. Weve also continued to fund organic strategic initiatives including a variety of innovative new products in each of our segments that are meeting customer needs and helping drive organic growth. We also continued to invest resources to drive growth in emerging markets. As previously mentioned, we completed the EDI and Xaloy acquisitions during the third quarter, and the Sealant Equipment acquisition at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We are clearly executing in the spaces we have previously identified as attractive acquisition opportunities. We welcome these new employees to Nordson. We look forward to the continued growth and success of these businesses. We recently completed our annual strategic planning process and Im very pleased with the many opportunities for a long-term growth and performance improvement we have before us. Moving on to our outlook, our recent order rates are strong as Greg noted, supporting a forecast for an excellent fourth quarter and record year for revenue and profitability. At the same time, we are not immune to macro economic trends over longer-term. While most economists continued to project growth going forward, many have softened their outlook and youve seen several investor companies lowering their near-term expectations. The European economy remains very fragile and is impacting global growth opportunities, especially in certain emerging markets like China. The specter of a fiscal cliff in the U.S. would raise considerable additional concerns but we have proven we can react quickly if needed. The near-term effect of uncertainty has been expressed by many of our customers but is unlikely to impact our fourth quarter given our strong backlog and current order rates. While we continued to monitor these various factors, our overall long-term view is positive. We remain strongly positioned to deliver profitable growth. Our winning model includes best-in-class technology, direct global sales and service, applications know-how, significant recurring revenue drive from parts and consumables and excellent positions in the consumer non-durable spaces, rapid growth opportunities associated with mobile and other electronic devices, and multiple avenues for expansion. While we are not immune from the macro environment, Im confident in our ability to outperform our competitors in any scenario that plays out. At this time, let us turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Christopher Glynn: Thanks. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Christopher Glynn: Question on the Coatings business, 2Q orders very strong, third quarter also very strong, didnt seem to see the backlog conversion there. That matter more of mismatch between the different comps for orders in revenues or more lead time thing, looking like a kind of a huge fourth quarter for Coatings?
Mike Hilton: Do you want to comment?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Chris, I think it is -- as a bit of background in this segment. We do have larger dollar orders within this portfolio and some of those can be longer lead time items. So, I think what youre seeing in this particular quarter is the result of few orders that are larger dollar systems orders that have longer lead times associated with them.
Christopher Glynn: Okay. And then the ATS operating margin was that just all volume leverage or any mix strength and as a corollary, do you need to build more structural cost in that segment at this point?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. Id say most of what youre seeing there in improvement is significant leverage around our systems business and in particular, so it is largely volume leverage. And we have been investing really in that business over the last three or four quarters, both resources and capability. We did mentioned the build out in Suzhou and where were at as the physical facility is there and we will be building up our product capability and product line capability as I mentioned over the next nine to 12 months. Beyond that, there might be very modest tweaks here or there to expand capability but largely we can run with additional resources if we need to and we can flex up and down pretty effectively there. So, probably, not a lot of additional capital required.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Chris, this is Greg. The only thing Id add to that is, as we have been doing and well continue to do, the investment there is largely about adding resource capability in the emerging markets. And specifically, we have stepped up over this last year and well continue some technology investment in each of the key product lines within that business.
Christopher Glynn: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Franzreb of Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
John Franzreb: Good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, John.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, John.
John Franzreb: Last quarter you cautioned about the sustainability of the Advanced Technology order book due to product rollouts. This quarter was a great quarter. Could you talk a little bit about the sustainability of AT orders going into the fourth quarter, a little bit color there would be helpful?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. If you look at sort of our typical order pattern for the company, but in particular for that business it tends to be fairly weak in the first quarter given the holiday periods and pick up and be strong in the second and third quarter. And then as we get into this period of time start to decline again as most purchases are made for the various rollouts and holiday season. So, we typically would be in a period now where orders would start to decline going forward in that typical seasonal pattern. Sometimes our orders peak in the second quarter versus the third quarter. This year they are kind of peaking in the third quarter as a function of customer rollouts of new devices and particularly in the mobile space that has a big impact on timing. So orders were strong this quarter with rollouts and their continued strength at the beginning of this quarter, but we would expect them to decline in the normal seasonal pattern though going forward.
John Franzreb: Okay. And in Industrial Coatings, last quarter you said that the order book is largely driven by mid to larger sized customers, that some of the smaller customers have been on the sidelines. I guess, A, had the smaller customers returned and B, kind of on the heels of, I guess, the backlog number? And Greg, we kind of mentioned about longer lead times, its the largest backlog number since, I dont know, Im looking back down to 2001, should we be thinking about that backlog differently in the composition of it?
Mike Hilton: So the first question is really around the smallest customers? And the answer is, no, there really an add back in the mix at this point yet. Most of them have interest in doing projects, but really cant get the financing to support that. So thats not changed. Thats primarily U.S. and European phenomenon there. So there is really sort of mid-tier and larger tier thats driving growth. From an order standpoint, Id say there is not a fundamental shift in the sort of delivery times in the business. Its just as, if you get sort of lumpy sizable orders that come in, some could stretch out over the period of time that we are talking about here.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. John, this is Greg. But I wouldnt characterize it as something that we see as a structural shift in that business or the composition of that business. What I would say is, we have more systems orders typically in this time of year relative to sort of our consumables and so that has an impact as well.
John Franzreb: Do you feel capacity constrained at all?
Greg Thaxton: We are not capacity constrained, no.
John Franzreb: Okay. Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: How are you, Matt?
Matt Summerville: Couple of questions. First, I guess, just the order tempo that you experienced throughout the quarter, can you sort of comment on that, if you came in plus 15, was that more of front-end loaded, back-end loaded and are you seeing in dollar terms, are you in fact seeing your Advanced Tech business? Are you seeing that seasonal peak or are you expecting to see that seasonal peak, I just want to be clear on that.
Mike Hilton: Yeah. What I would say is the orders were pretty solid throughout the quarter. We are in that period of time where things probably in the last week or so, or two are starting to decline in the normal pattern that we would see and it would be a fairly steady decline from here throughout the rest of the fourth quarter and into the first part of the first quarter is typically what we see. So it looks at this point that were seeing that and we probably turn the corner a bit on the orders, probably a little later than we might typically see in this quarter but typically -- but still within this quarter.
Matt Summerville: Do you get the sense of the infrastructure is in place or still getting put into place on the part of your customers to support a very robust pipeline of new products coming to market?
Mike Hilton: Id say on the mobile side there is a lot of change over time and the frequency of change is pretty quick, think of that is less than a year. So Id say this is pretty typical of what weve seen over the last few years in the mobile side. Id say the more traditional back-end part of the business is still pretty weak, I mean some signs of improvements, some orders coming in but not as robust as it would be in a typical upswing time period. Most of the sort of industry follower suggests that this year is going to kind of play out as a modestly negative year and then next year should be a pretty solid year. So, I think thats probably an upside for us in the next year.
Matt Summerville: As we think about kind of moving into the next calendar year and some of the macro dynamics you brought up, whether itd be Europe, China was going on here with the election, et cetera? What are your customers telling you about their capital budgets and their ability to get stuff, for lack of a better term approved, heading into year end in the early part of next year? I guess, Mike, what Im trying to do is gauge kind of your level of concern or confidence in whether or not you have a slower than normal start to the year?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. So as you know from an order perspective, weve got sort of half a quarter visibility. But, I would say from along your lines of your question from a customer perspective, Id say the folks that are currently buying have projects in the mix. Id say they are cautious and Id say, I wouldnt be surprised if things stretch out a little bit in certain areas. We are not seeing that yet, but Id say some of our customers are cautious. When you look at the macro environment with recession in Europe trickling over to having an impact in China and growth here in the U.S. is currently in the kind of 1.5% grade. People have money and they have approved projects, so, it wouldnt be surprised if we saw some delay. It wouldnt be out of the question to think that the first quarter or so next year looks a lot like the first quarter of this year but we dont really have any better insight than what were giving you around the fourth quarter. But the macro environment, Id say has created some degree of caution in our customers and we are hearing that pretty much around the globe.
Matt Summerville: Just to change the topic for one last question here, Mike. Can you spend a moment kind of talking through the global market for cold materials? How big your business is now with what you bought with the small company you closed on August 1st, what you have in your core portfolio? And I guess, how fragmented is the market? How much does this look like from a high level of course, what you -- are you going to be able to do in this market? What you think you can do in plastics processing and what youve done in adhesives, can you spend a minute or two on that?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. Id say the overall global market for cold materials is probably in excess of $600 million. So its a pretty sizable market out there and not surprisingly, growing most rapidly in emerging markets and our business is relatively modest and there is some degree of fragmentation out there and it cuts across a lot of different end markets. So from our perspective, we see good organic growth opportunities, so we see the ability to take the new product lines that weve added with Sealant Equipment around the globe. So theres an opportunity to extend that and there could be further acquisitions down the road. Id say the opportunity is probably not as large as the plastics processing or the adhesives but its a sizable opportunity, particularly outside the auto space. Part of it goes into the auto space but general industry applications that are pretty broad are interesting. So we see opportunities there, but probably not as large as plastics processing or adhesives.
Matt Summerville: Thanks a lot guys.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Maczka: Hi. Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: Mike. I guess, Im trying to square this commentary from you and your customers about all the uncertainty and smaller customers still not being back in the market, everything going on in terms of the macro picture that could create headwinds. But we see Europe orders jump from negative 9 to plus 6
Mike Hilton: Yeah.
Kevin Maczka: Can you give a little more specific commentary around Europe?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. Let me just address the first part of your question. The small customer piece is not new. Thats really been the last four, five quarters that we really havent seen them come back in a big way post the recession. So thats not new news, its just continuing news. So Id say thats not changing anything that weve seen over the last four or five quarters, its just more of a longer term upside I think there. Secondly, I would say, the whole spectrum of uncertainty thats out there on the macro front as customers questioning when they pull the trigger. Right now, weve got approved projects in all of our business that are going forward and in particularly going well in the consumer non-durable space thats been solid and pretty resilient even in Europe. So what I would say is what youre seeing is really a pickup in that consumer non-durable piece in Europe after a little bit of a slow start in the beginning of the year and continued strength around the region and then on top of that, very strong technology piece. And on the Coating side, weve had approved projects, we talked in the past about the bid list being long and those medium-sized and larger customers are pulling the trigger. Some of those have very attractive paybacks because they are a result of consolidation or expanding capacity or efficiency improvements in their short paybacks and they look pretty good. I think as you go through the next capital budgeting cycle, particularly on our, some of the bigger projects that affect Coatings and part of the Adhesives business, theres where I think you might have some concern from our customer base about when they pull the trigger. I think there is still pent-up demand from the recession not being fully recovered in certain space like our product assembly business and adhesives had a strong year -- last year was pretty soft, this year particularly in places like Europe. So theres probably pent-up demand and Id say the same thing with parts of our coatings business. So, I think those are the ones where there is some concern. And Id say its spilled over into China a little bit this year too, because export opportunities have declined and while most of our customers are supplying domestic demand, some are linked in to export opportunities too. And I think thats where were seeing cautions around the export opportunities. I think theres hope there that the actions the Chinese government is currently taking will help stimulate demand. But when you have Europe in recession, thats what people see as kind of limited opportunity and the uncertainty that we get through the election here in the U.S. has just have people express some caution. It hasnt played out in terms of folks affecting current orders or the latest order trends. So they are still moving ahead with things that are approved. And its just a question of whether there is enough clarity to move forward in Q1, Q2 or whether there is some concern. And Id say all we run at the highlight is there is an expression of some concern right now just because of the uncertainty.
Greg Thaxton: Kevin, this is Greg. Its specific to your point on Europe that speaks largely to the macro of Nordson in Europe. Those order rates are largely driven by again the resiliency of the nondurable end markets but we also did see some improvement in the product line supporting within adhesives and more durable end markets. And I think some of that is that the pent-up demand that had been missing in the orders, so were seeing some improvement against albeit if you could say a weak comp of the prior year. But the order rates in Europe are largely adhesive driven. So on the high level, I think weve got good positions from a product standpoint, from a niche market standpoint and even within the geography in Europe were are more northern focused, more eastern focused and where we participate in the south, a lot of that is re-export business to OEM. So weve got a little different mix than maybe some other companies in Europe again not immune to whats going on underneath it. So that helps and then some of the mix of our business in our other product lines are doing reasonably well. And even in our in our coatings business, the things like the ag business, heavy equipment business is doing pretty well, auto holding and the sort of construction rates stuff is yet to come back.
Kevin Maczka: Got it. Shifting over to tech again, I think Mike, in the past youve talked generally about the mix there. Some of the major buckets there, mobile and PCs and other life sciences and other things, the strength we saw this quarter and youre pretty clear about the seasonality going into Q4. But the strength we saw this quarter, how much of that is driven by new product development cycle in the mobile piece whether itd be key customers designing and developing new tablets and other handheld devices versus other parts of tech?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. So if you look at it, we said in the past that the electronics business probably three quarters of that segments and of that kind of mobile historically been a third niche, a third in sort of the traditional back-end of third. Its clearly driven by the mobile into a little bit lesser extent than niche sort of applications. And so, its very much linked to the degree of change and innovations gone into handsets, tablets, auxiliaries and support equipment that goes with that and some of the niche applications. Weve seen some orders for the more traditional back-end but not as robust as you would typically see in a nice upturn scenario and thats not unexpected for this part of the year. Again Id say pretty solid growth in, sort of, the medical general assembly, healthcare areas as well to complement then balance that.
Kevin Maczka: Got it. And just finally from me, on the coatings margins, can you just address that a little bit more was there any change in competitive behavior or pricing pressure or mix or anything else that may have weighed on those margins?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. We do have a pretty significant mix change year-over-year within the businesses. If you look at our five product lines, they are not all at the same level of returns. I would say, mix has changed thats all accounts for a percent or so of sort of margin impact. And then weve had more systems, particularly engineered systems versus standard systems as well really just the functions of the orders that have come through. So, those are two things that contributed. And we mentioned in the last quarter or so, that we were stepping up spending in emerging markets to support growth in a number of our product lines and weve continued to do this. So those are sort of three things that have kind of impacted in the near-term.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass: Good morning, gentlemen.
Mike Hilton: Good morning.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglass: Greg, what its spares parts come in as percentage of sales this quarter?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Mark, if we just exclude the acquisition that came in mid quarter just so we are talking kind of the base business. Total parts were at about 43% of revenue and as is typical as we kind of move through the year and have a heavier weighting of systems that is down a few percentage points than what it had been running earlier in the year, but the total company is 43%.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Then with the acquisitions, is that going to be still relatively stable in kind of the low 40s or do you think it will shift down over a bit more?
Greg Thaxton: No. I dont -- likely, these acquisitions are more components than system. So its going to lever up the -- what we would call parts and consumables portion a little bit.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then can you talk about in ATS, you mentioned the niche markets several times. Can you go at least what you can in some more detail to what the niche markets entail?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. For us is, the biggest ones are MEMS devices, LED, solar and then there is a few others. The area thats really on fire right now is the MEMS devices. So lot of that supports the mobile activity but a lot of it supports industrial automation, healthcare automation, automation actually in the electronics industry. So, thats probably the hardest, the LED business is improving, but probably not driving it and solar has not done so well. So, its largely probably the MEMS applications that are the biggest drivers. And then within that we still see the technology conversion opportunities going on with the underfill continuing to take share over time as the devices get more sophisticated in the geometry shrink.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Thats still mostly a dispensing application as opposed to
Mike Hilton: Mostly in dispensing but what weve seen also whats happening is as we put more components into the mobile devices and as they go vertical, were seeing more inspection opportunity. So we didnt see an uptick in inspection business as well associated with those kinds of activity. Its really been more the traditional back-end. Its been kind of where its been most of the year with a slight uptick.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then finally, given the really strong mobile this year is setting up kind of tough comps, you think there is still opportunity even with that just to grow on whats looking to be a very strong base?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. So our crystal ball doesnt go out forever. The one thing that seems to be going on here though is a pretty fast cycle of innovation, when you at look, sort of, the leading suppliers here and you also have a fairly significant penetration of the smartphone part of the business. And so, if you look at where we like the models, we like smartphones and we like tabs and we like ultrabooks and so forth. So again, the smaller footprint with a more features in it as we like the most. So you are seeing relatively high growth continuing to project, continued for smartphone. So assuming that continues, yeah, because its going to be a strong year for this business. But I think the long-term future is good and you run into some timing issues, you could. But I think the opportunity is there because youve got sheer penetration on the smartphone. And you also have markets like China, which are opening up in a big way to the smartphone part of the markets, emerging markets in general. So, if you believe that long-term the smartphone pieces continuing to penetrate and you believe the forecast that have a 15%, 20% plus kind of growth for the next few years and we should see that be positive. And we should at some point see the more traditional piece come back, I think most people feel thats next year and maybe not right at the beginning of next year.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. And Id add to that. What might be largely in our dispensing product family, where we benefit from these mobile devices given the smaller geometries and more features being packed into these devices it does spread as well into opportunities and are more broad product offering like test and inspection.
Mike Hilton: Now the time, you cant predict the timing on these launches, so you could have some things that look a little whacky quarter-to-quarter but when you do your comparisons, but I think in the long run trend is positive.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Actually this might be last one. Speaking of share, I mean do you think you are gaining share in the market as well on ATS?
Mike Hilton: We think were doing well with the technology investments that weve made.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Charlie Brady: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Hey, Mike, with your comment about the ATS electronics being about 75% end market and mobile being a third of that 75%, are smartphones the majority of that third?
Mike Hilton: I would say the smartphones are a big part. I have to go back and check, Charlie. Id say the smartphones are a big part and tablets are a growing part of that. More traditional phones dont have the same functions in there. So, its not just the processor thats in there. Its the fact that youre putting two cameras and its the fact that you have a gyroscope in. And its a fact that you have an accelerometer and its the fact we have more chips to handle all the applications. So yeah, thats a significant part of that mobile piece and tablets are growing. And yes, they really see much of an impact from the Ultrabooks, but that could be an upside if Microsoft 8 comes in and the Ultrabooks take off the way certain folks hope they will, but thats not got a big impact yet.
Charlie Brady: Okay. And just going back to Europe for a second and kind of a growth rates youre seeing there and you commented. Your Southern European exposure is largely exported emerging markets. Can you give us a sense for your European business, maybe a little more granularity in how that breaks down between whether Eastern, Western, Southern and how much really gets -- stuffs gets sold in Europe ends up not in Europe, still somewhere else. It maybe really helping out some of the growth rate relative to what other industrial companies are seeing?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. Overall European business is about I think 32% from a revenue standpoint. And we said in the past that an about eight points of that 32 points is really gone to OEMs that re-export and largely re-export to emerging markets. So and the -- where they are located is more south and north. And then of the rest of the business, we have a big business in Germany, fairly sizable business in France. Germany tends to support the east, which should be many of these eastern European countries and small business in Russia today. Weve got a smaller U.K. business. We are in Spain and in Italy, but the bigger proportion of business is in the north.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Its -- the weighting is Germany, France and the U.K. Now Italy again is a big volume market, but thats the export base.
Charlie Brady: Okay. And then Mike youve made a number of acquisitions particularly in Adhesive Dispensing segment recently in particular. If you look out at that addressable market clearly thats got larger, do you think if you look at a long-term run organic growth rate for the company and I guess specifically Adhesive Dispensing. Do you think youve kind of bump that up to a more sustainable higher organic growth rate because your addressable market is larger and maybe you can just kind of comment on what you think that kind of on a longer term basis?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. We said for a while we thought the core adhesives business was kind of in that 5% to 7% kind of growth rate. We thought things like flexible packaging and the plastic processing probably were markets that grew point or two faster than that overall. And so part of the reason, we are interested in that obviously we also felt that it was closely adjacent and within our core competencies to extend there. So, we do think weve enhanced the overall growth prospects of that business. And we think there are opportunities not only to grow organically and we talked about some of the business model approaches that we are trying to play out primarily what we do in adhesives. We also think there might be additional opportunities to acquire in that area. So, yeah, we do think we have enhanced the growth prospects of that part of the business and therefore the overall company.
Charlie Brady: Great. Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner of CJS Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Ursaner: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Jason.
Jason Ursaner: Greg, you provided some details on the operating margin in the quarter and then excluding all the adjustments you achieve that 28% range. When I look at the fiscal Q4 range though even when I adjust out the accounting charge, it seems to be applying closer to 23.5% operating margin. If you said the gross margin you expect next quarter, could you repeat that. And I guess with part sales staying where they are above 40% and the order growth, what would cause you see the overall margin pressure to that greater magnitude?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Jason, what we talked about was or what I mentioned was if I kind of normalized, if you will, the fourth quarter margins by backing out the effective acquisitions, both the results from operations as well as the purchase accounting that comes with it, we would see operating margins in the quarter -- in the fourth quarter of about 26%, thats up 1 percentage point from normalized margins of year ago. So, in terms of that based business, were seeing continued improvement in the performance. Then when you layer in the acquisitions and the purchase accounting, that is what then is driving margins down to that 23% range. And then gross margins in the quarter again are going to be impacted by both the purchase accounting as well as the overall margin dilution, if you will, of the acquisitions coming in at lower gross margins than our base business. Weve indicated when we made the acquisitions that they were lower EBITDA margins, but close. And then we saw improvement plans currently within the business and synergies we could deliver to get them up to our average over time. So, were pleased with what we see in the plans there, but the initial effect is to lower the operating margins. Longer term, we see that improving and an addition to adding the growth opportunities that we see.
Jason Ursaner: And in terms of I guess margin in the base business, are you seeing any margin pressure on the gross margin side or is it relatively consistent with where it has been?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Its relatively consistent. Now, if you look sequentially on the base business, its down slightly, maybe 50 basis points, but thats largely the mix. Theres some segment mix, but as well as the waiting of systems versus parts in the fourth quarter, but thats a typical seasonal pattern.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And just I guess focusing more on the acquisitions, can you break down the revenue and operating profit contribution of each of the acquisitions in the quarter?
Mike Hilton: In the fourth quarter?
Jason Ursaner: In the third quarter.
Mike Hilton: In the third quarter, well what we talked about was -- I think what we gave you was the what acquisition, the first year effective acquisitions added about 10%. And so first year effect would be pre-ownership what those businesses delivered in that same time period. What we dont typically do with that is, go beyond that bound to what we would say the product line level and get more granular within that.
Jason Ursaner: I guess Im asking, if I look at the 10%, is there any seasonality for any of the businesses materially, just because it looks like one would have to be sort of underperforming if Im taking two months of Verbruggen, a full quarter with Value Plastics and a month of half of EDI and a little bit over a month of Xaloy?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. And I think thats part of -- as youve got the different acquisitions coming in. I think from a performance, I wouldnt say that we had an underperformance of any of them. Youve got partial quarter for some of those coming in, in terms of seasonality from a -- if you look at the two larger, the EDI, the Xaloy, the newer acquisitions. We do see kind of consistent seasonality to what our industrial business has experienced. And that is slightly heavier back half of our fiscal year than the first half. But in terms of performance, no, I wouldnt suggest there was any underperformance.
Mike Hilton: And from an order perspective, youll have the same, sort of, tail office capital budgets are completed for the year in the holiday season. So wed expect that same kind of seasonal pattern.
Jason Ursaner: And is Xaloy still on track with managements expectations for the full year 2012 to get to that under nine times adjusted EBITDA?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. Were on track with our plans.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. I guess directionally, could you say whether Value Plastics had solid growth or rather that was declining year-to-year?
Mike Hilton: No. We commented earlier on sort of the overall healthcare part of our business. So we saw pretty good growth for the year, not as strong as the electronics piece, but probably in the high single digit range for the year, so doing pretty well.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And Greg, can you talk at all about how much stock you repurchased during the quarter and what you have left on the authorization?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. We did not -- we were not active post acquisition. So during the quarter, we were not active. And we have -- I think we have about 80 million remaining under the authorization. Let me check that number, Jason, but we were not active in the quarter.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And with net debt-to-EBITDA still in a pretty reasonable range, you have over 250 million capacity on the various balance sheet items. How should we think about your willingness to use that additional capacity for acquisitions at this point?
Mike Hilton: I think we have a good pipeline of opportunities. You never know when they are going to come forward. If one of the good opportunities in the four areas that we talked about in terms of areas of interest would come forward, we wouldnt pass on it at this point in time. We have said in the past our general guideline is, sort of, two times EBITDA, because that gives us access to lowest cost financing. But given our strong performance and cash generation capability, if the right opportunity came up, we wouldnt shy away from that. That said, we are focused on integrating three acquisitions that weve just bought and weve put teams and people in place to deliver on the benefits associated with that, the integration we get those folks smoothly into the company continue to deliver on the plans that theyve laid out. So, we feel good about where were at. And weve got quite a bit of effort underway to do that. So, weve got lot on our plate. But if the right opportunity came up, we wouldnt shy away from that.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. Great. I appreciate the commentary. Thanks.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike. Good morning, Greg.
Mike Hilton: Hi Liam.
Liam Burke: Mike, youve talked a little bit about China in your comments. But one of the strategies you had laid out in the past is the tiering where youre looking to go deeper into the domestic Chinese market. It looks like activity in Asia Pacific is pretty strong. Can you give us some color on that strategy in China?
Mike Hilton: Yeah. What I would say is, we are doing really well in our adhesives business and weve been at that the longest. And were at the point now where were developing products in the region for those regional opportunities. I would say in this past year and a half that weve introduced the line of products in our coatings business, particularly in the powder side thats getting traction there and I think doing generally well. Our whole Suzhou expansion, which support broad growth in the technology space but really it allows to tap a market that sort of second tier market in the technology space and thats really kind of 2013 opportunity for us. So, first we are building the capability not just manufacturing but the technical centers and the resource capability on the ground and thats sort of fiscal 13 opportunity. Probably 60% of our customers in China are not state-owned enterprises with largely local demand. So we are pretty focused on capturing local demand but there is an export fees that has clearly declined and made people little bit nervous and thats contributing to the overall GDP growth rates dipping below 8% in China at the moment and the government again is trying to respond. And there are customers Id say are just a little bit more cautious but we think there are good opportunities to continue to drive that strategy of tiering in the long run.
Liam Burke: And just following on that, do you think there would be any price competition in the space or competitive pricing response as you roll out the strategy?
Mike Hilton: We feel pretty good about understanding what the specific requirements are and what features customers are going to buy and what cost position that we have. So, I think as we said in the past we could have some mix effects in terms of selling less fully featured products there but with the better cost positions overall we should be in a pretty good shape. And one of the reasons that we continue to step up across all businesses, our technology investment is to continue that train of new products to beat off any particular competitive threats that might be out there. Were not seeing a lot of high-level pricing pressure. We dont want to be nave. And we want to continue to innovate and thats kind of the approach we are taking.
Liam Burke: Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Liptak of Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Walt Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning, Walt.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning.
Walt Liptak: I want to go back to the discussion about the adhesives business and maybe just start by asking, Greg, at what point do you break out the plastics equipment as its own segment?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. Well, I dont know that weve -- that  there is something that we are -- what we got to balance there is the competitive aspects of getting too granular and like you said down to the product line level. So, I think at this point in our view going forward is that this will be part of the adhesive segment.
Walt Liptak: Okay. I think the question that Ive got is related to this. And I think this is what other people are trying to get to is, in May adhesive orders were down 5%. And then you put up a pretty big volume number the 21%. And so I guess the question is, the acquisitions, are they growing significantly faster than adhesives or is it a pick up that you alluded to in Europe in adhesives is that where the growth is coming from?
Mike Hilton: Just to be clear, part of the impact in terms of the volume numbers that are not having it in last year, having it in this year. So its kind of zero versus kind of the base line and thats affecting sort of the current quarter. One of the reasons we try to gave you sort of order rates without that confusion is just give you a sense of, yeah, the base business is picking up. And if you recall, at the beginning of the year, we thought the first quarter or two would be soft and then adhesives particularly we said, we had a really strong product assembly here last year and it was soft this year. And what were seeing now is the growth in the consumer non-durable piece coming back as we projected and then really offsetting a still softer but better product assembly area. And then the acquisitions are, sort of, zero last year and adding now and so thats distorting the short-term sales numbers in third quarter to an extent.
Greg Thaxton: And Walt, this is Greg. So, what you saw in the -- where you talk about a quarter ago some slight dilution in the order rates for this segment, we delivered about 4% organic growth. And what we talk about then consistent with that 4% organic growth in the quarter, the order growth rates are now 7%. So consistent with Mike comments, were seeing again the resiliency of the non-durable end-markets and then some improvements in the general product assembly thats kind of levering those order growth rates up to that 7%. Again that 4% growth -- core growth if you will, in the third quarter, this 7% order rates that are now leading us into our fourth quarter, exclude the contribution of EDI and Xaloy.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Got it. Okay. That helps getting to the 4% organic number.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. So the 21% in the quarter has 16% or so of zero to [here it is acquisition] effect.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Mike Hilton: Okay. Hey, Aly, were going to have to end our call now, so help us wrap that up please.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-05-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation webcast for the second quarter fiscal 2012. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Communications and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
James Jaye: Thank you, Alley. This is Jim Jaye and Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Wed like to welcome you to our conference call today, Tuesday, May 22, 2012 on Nordsons second quarter 2012 results. We are also joined today by Peter Lambert, Nordsons Senior Vice President with global responsibility for our Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment. Peter will be providing some additional comments later in todays call regarding our just announced agreement to acquire EDI Holdings, a leader provider of extrusion dies and related equipment for the flexible packaging and plastic processing industries. Todays call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Tuesday, May 29, by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 75534738. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with the cautionary statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our 2012 second quarter results and a bit about Nordsons future outlook. Please go ahead Mike.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Jim and good morning, everyone and thank you for attending Nordsons second quarter 2012 conference call. Overall, we delivered strong performance in the quarter and I want to thank our global team for their ongoing focus and execution. Their passion for our customers continues to be a differentiator for Nordson. In addition to our comments on the second quarter, we will also provide some perspective relative to our outlook for the third quarter of fiscal 2012. The second quarter played out much as we expected with revenues slightly down compared to the second quarter a year ago. Conditions remained challenging in some end markets and geographies and currency comparisons to a year ago were negative. I know also that our prior year second quarter was a standout quarter from a top line perspective and overall operating metrics. So our comparisons in this quarter are more difficult. Overall, order rates did gain momentum during the quarter as evidenced by the 14% growth in sales over the first quarter. We continue to feel good about the overall strength of our business model and our durable end-markets, as well as the timing of customers buying patterns. We continue to feel good about the strength of our business model and our prospects going forward. More specifically, second quarter sales volume was up a little less than 0.5% with a positive first-year effective acquisitions being offset by a decrease in organic volume. Operating margin in the quarter was a strong 26% on a normalized basis where we exclude one-time charges, which in this quarter are primarily associated with our previously announced Adhesive U.S. facility consolidation efforts and our ability to leverage the sequential sales growth generated a 4 percentage point improvement in our overall first quarter normalized operating margin. Earnings per share in the quarter, excluding one-time charges, was $0.84. In terms of our outlook, order trends over the last 12 weeks are up 9% from the same 12-week period a year ago with very strong order growth in the Advanced Technology and Industrial Coating segments offsetting the impacts created by continued challenge of the European sovereign debt issues. The fundamentals of our business remain solid and based on recent strength in orders we are forecasting sales growth for our third quarter in the range of 8% to 12% over the prior years third quarter. The persistence of macroeconomic uncertainty leaves us to be cautious about the ongoing pace of growth. However, as we have suggested in previous earnings calls, assuming the economist views, the consensus with economist views that GDP will grow in the 2% range globally for the year, we should see year-over-year growth driven by improvement in the second half of our year. Now let me turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide more detailed commentary on our second quarter financial results, as well as some additional comments on our guidance for the third quarter for 2012. Greg.
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you, Mike and good morning to everyone. As Mike noted, our financial results for the second quarter were very solid. Sales in the quarter were $315 million, a decrease of 1% over the prior year second quarter. This change in sales included 3% increase related to the first year effective acquisitions offset by 3% decrease in organic volume and a negative 1% impact from the effects of currency translation as compared to the prior year. On sequential basis we gained momentum as second quarter revenue increased 14% over the first quarter of 2012. Looking at segment performance, Adhesive Dispensing sales volume decreased by about 1% as compared to the prior year second quarter. Organic volume decreased by approximately 3%, while the first year effective acquisitions added about 2% growth. As you would expect, given the macroeconomic backdrop, growth in our packaging product line, serving consumer nondurables, was offset by weakness in our general product assembly equipment sales associated with durable end markets, as well as the timing of customers buying patterns of our non-wovens product line, which tends to be larger dollar systems, where the timing of a few significant orders can impact quarterly growth. Overall, emerging markets continue to generate stronger growth than mature markets. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment was up about 3% over the prior year second quarter. The first year effective acquisitions increased volume by 6%, while organic volume decreased 3%. The organic volume decline relates primarily to softness in demand in the non-dispense portion of our product line, primarily our test and inspection and surface treatment product lines, where demand was impacted by softness in printed circuit board end markets. Within the Industrial Coating segment, sales volume decreased by 2% compared to the prior year, due to softness in certain durable goods end markets. This segments performance is impacted by larger dollar engineered systems, where the timing of customer order patterns can swing performance in the short term, as evidenced by the strong growth in recent 12-week orders. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was about 60% or 61%, excluding one-time cost associated with the adhesives facility consolidation project that we have talked about in previous calls. From an operating perspective, as Mike mentioned, we leveraged the strong sequential increase in sales to drive operating margin to 26% in the quarter excluding one-time charges. We delivered this strong performance while continuing to make strategic investments that will drive future growth and performance, including investments in headcount largely in emerging regions, as well as incremental product and market development investment and investment in our continuous improvement initiatives. Looking at operating performance on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing continue to perform at a very high level and delivered operating margin of 33% or 35% excluding one-time costs. Within Advanced Technology, sequential volume growth and operating efficiencies drove operating margin to 25%, an improvement of 9 percentage points over the first quarter of 2012. Industrial Coatings operating margin in the quarter was 12% or 13% excluding one-time charges related to severance. On a sequential basis, operating margin for this segment excluding one-time cost in the quarter improved by 10 percentage points over the first quarter, as our team effectively leveraged existing resources to meet a strong increase in sequential volume. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter is $52 million, or 17% of sales, and inclusive of $2.6 million in one-time after-tax charges. Diluted earnings per share were $0.80 in the quarter. As in previous quarters, we have included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. Earnings per share excluding one-time charges related to severance and restructuring charges were $0.84 per share in the quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was $85 million and second quarter free cash flow before dividends was a strong $49 million. Our balance sheet remains very strong with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of less than one time, providing sufficient capacity for the EDI acquisition and other strategic investments. Before moving on to the outlook for our third quarter, I will provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis with fiscal 2011 acquisitions included in both periods. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending May 13, 2012, they are up 9% compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. On an annualized run rate basis, current 12-week orders are about $1.5 billion. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, orders are down 5% against challenging comparisons a year ago. The softness is primarily related to Europe and within this region most notably in the general product assembly product line serving durable end markets, which had a very strong year in 2011. Advanced Technology orders over the latest 12 weeks are up 22% from the prior year. Almost all product lines grew at very healthy rates, driven largely by robust demand by producers of mobile consumer electronic devices. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are up 29% as compared to the prior year. We generated strong double-digit growth in nearly every product line and region. Turning now to the outlook for the third quarter, which does not include any impacts associated with the EDI acquisition. We are forecasting sales to be in the range of $337 million to $349 million, an increase of 8% to 12% as compared to the third quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume, up 9% to 13%, 3% growth from the first year effective acquisitions and a negative 4% currency translation impact based on current exchange rates. We expect gross margin to be about 61% in the quarter and operating margin to be approximately 28% for the quarter at the midpoint of our sales range reflecting strong operating profit leverage. We are forecasting an effective tax rate for the quarter of approximately 30.5% resulting in forecasted diluted earnings per share in the range of $0.96 per share to $1.04 per share. Our adhesive facility consolidation initiative is largely behind us, so we are not expecting any significant one-time cost to be incurred in the third quarter. In summary, our second quarter performance was solid and played out much as we expected. Our team continue to execute worldwide and we have continued to make strategic investments to drive ongoing growth and enhanced performance. And finally, current order rates are driving our outlook for a very strong third quarter.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Greg. I would like to make a few additional comments on our current order rates and outlook. First, our recent order rates are encouraging and exceed the levels we have reported in our two most recent conference calls with annualized 12-week orders, as Greg said, of approximately $1.5 billion. And as Greg noted, we expect to leverage top line growth in the coming quarter to generate operating margin performance several percentage points above the strong level we have generated in the same period a year ago. While we are encouraged with what we are currently seeing and we are optimistic that we will continue to see order growth over the prior year, several elements of uncertainty remain in the macroeconomic environment. The European picture remains far from clear and its effects are impacting global demand. In addition, the availability of credit remains an issue for some smaller customers. For these reasons, the pace of growth that we may experience beyond the third quarter remains difficult to forecast and we would caution against extrapolating current order rate growth to the outlying [ph] quarters. I am pleased with the very high level of execution our team continues to demonstrate on a day-to-day basis. At the same time, we are continuing to move forward on a variety of initiatives that will sustain our success over the long term. In summary, we remain confident in our fundamental strength, including best-in-class technology, direct global sales and service, application know-how, significant recurring revenue derived from parts and consumables, and excellent positions in consumer non-durable spaces, rapid growth opportunities associated with mobile and other electronic devices, and multiple avenues for expansion. Above all, we have an outstanding global team and I am confident they will continue to deliver at the very high level. With that let me turn the call over to Peter Lambert who will provide some color around our just announced agreement to acquire EDI Holdings.
Peter Lambert: Thanks, Mike. EDI, or Extrusion Die Industries, is a provider of slot coating and flat polymer extrusion dies for the growing global flexible packaging and plastic processing markets. From a strategic viewpoint, EDI is a great fit with our philosophy of acquiring companies that provide precision technology at a key partner supply chain to deliver profitable long-term growth. Much like Nordson, EDI provides industry leading products that are critical enabling technologies for end users to optimize productivity and up time, yet these products represent just a fraction of the total cost of the extrusion systems and coating lines on which they operate. EDIs strong customer relationships and installed product base also provides a high level of recurring revenue and includes upgrades, replacements, and maintenance for existing customer equipments. In addition, EDI compliments Nordsons existing extrusion die product line providing scale, product breath, and geographic reach to the Verbruggen business. The company serves the global plastics processing equipment industry, which is estimated to be about $8 billion with the extrusion segment estimated to be close to $2 billion with growth around 6% over the next several years. Key end markets for EDI include flexible packaging, food and beverage, and personal care. Others are electronics, optical films, batteries, solar, medical, building products and paper products. Overall, approximately 70% of the sales are related to consumer non-durables. Like Nordson, the largest portion of EDIs current sales are outside the U.S., about one-quarter of sales go to Asia, about one-third go to Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and the remainder to the U.S. and the Americas. No single customer accounts for more than 2% of sales. Lead times for most EDI products are about 18 weeks. One of EDIs most valuable and differentiating resources is the proprietary library of engineering designs that it has mastered [ph] over the past 40 years, which includes approximately 30,000 designs and an intellectual property portfolio of dozens of pending or issued product and process patents. EDI employs 317 people, has additional operations in Cologne, Germany and Shanghai, China and will operate as part of Nordsons Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment. In terms of synergies, on the revenue side we believe there is opportunity to leverage both our global infrastructure and existing customer relationship to outperform overall market growth. From a cost perspective, this is a well-run business and it will take some time to fully understand the scope of opportunity. However, we do believe we can leverage our low cost country sourcing program, as well as continuous improvement strategies employed in other Nordson operations that have helped drive operating margin improvement. The terms of our purchase agreement prevent us from disclosing detailed financial information. In general, EDIs 2011 revenue was approximately 6% to 7% of Nordsons fiscal 2011 revenue. And 2011 adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue was just a few percentage points below Nordsons 2011 performance. Sales and operating profit have grown at double-digit rates over the last four years and over the same time period CapEx has averaged less than 1% of sales. EDIs operation include its March 2012 acquisition of Premier Dies Corporation, a complementary provider of slot coating and flat polymer extrusion dies that expands EDIs product and technology offering. We expect the acquisition of EDI to be accretive to our earnings in the first full year of operation. The $200 million purchase price represents an EBITDA multiple that is in line with what you would expect for a traditional industrial business. The purchase price is subject to adjustment as provided in the purchase agreement and will be financed with availability under our existing $500 million revolving credit facility. The transaction is expected to close during our third quarter pending customary regulatory reviews and conditions. We are looking forward to fully welcoming all EDI employees to Nordson at that time.
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Peter. Let me reiterate what a strong strategic fit we believe EDI will be to our organization. Flexible packaging space provides solid growth opportunities and has certain adjacencies to our traditional adhesives business. This particular property brings all the strategic benefits that Peter highlighted, including being a value-added supplier of technology solutions. As Peter noted, I am looking forward to welcoming the EDI employees to the Nordson family. And once again, I would like to thank the Nordson team for delivering another strong quarter and positioning us well for the future. At this time, let us turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Liam Burke of Janney. Please go ahead.
Liam Burke: Good morning Mike, good morning Greg.
Michael Hilton: Hi Liam.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning, Liam.
Liam Burke: Mike, on the Adhesive Dispensing, operating margins were strong, down year-over-year. Was there a higher percentage of systems sales in adhesive even though you saw a weakness in the durable end markets.
Michael Hilton: Really, the difference is largely two things. If you recall, second quarter, we talked about very, very good mix within the overall company and within certainly the adhesives segment, and we felt that was probably worth a point or point-and-a-half just in the strong mix between the different product lines. And then the volumes actually down a bit here and, while we like it when volume goes up, we do have significant incremental volume leverage, when it goes the other way, we see that.
Liam Burke: Okay. And on the acquisition front, you have had quite a few being integrated into the business. How is the progress then with bringing on these acquisitions into the firm?
Michael Hilton: This has been good. We laid out pretty solid integration plans upfront. We have specific goals around each of the acquisitions and I would say we are generally on track with those acquisitions and we feel was good as we did at the time we made the acquisitions about the fit and opportunity for the three that we made last year.
Liam Burke: And I guess lastly on EDI, you mentioned that the operating margins are at or slightly below the firm operating margins. Are there any benefits you can get or financial benefits on the operating side that you can get by integrating EDI into Nordson.
Michael Hilton: Yes, so we look at  the comment was the EBITDA margins were a little bit lower than our overall company average. And as Peter mentioned, we see both sort of opportunities from the top side, revenue synergies, as well as we think there will be some opportunities from the cost synergies. We are pretty well established, and as Peter mentioned, on our oil costs, sourcing initiative, we have reinvigorated over the last year-and-a-half or so, our continuous improvement activities, we are starting with a very well-run company that has improved nicely over the last four years. But we do think there are some things that we can apply that relate to some of the things that we are working on from extended improvement that would further help to grow and expand the profitability of the EDI business.
Liam Burke: Great, thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner of CJS Securities. Please go ahead.
Jason Ursaner: Good morning.
Michael Hilton: Hi Jason.
Gregory Thaxton: Good morning.
Jason Ursaner: Just first on the orders in the tax segment surprisingly strong, you mentioned, broad-based strength and I think you noted the mobile devices. Can you just provide a little more detail, if I try to break it down between organic growth in the life science from the acquired businesses, recovery off the bottom, in the semicycle and then secular growth in certain applications like flip chip assembly. You just try and I guess, talk a little bit more about, how each of the 
Michael Hilton: Yes, I will give you a little bit more color or commentary. I am not sure I hit all of the points that you had there, Jason. You know, I would say our medical business is on track for the kind of growth that we expected in that business, targeting double digit type of growth. I think what we said last time in the electronics related piece, which is about 75% of that segment is  in our last call, we talked about how the mobile device space, particularly smartphones, tablets was very strong, but the more traditional sort of desktops, server type of market was pretty soft and that played through our different businesses in different ways. What I would say, what we are seeing in this most recent order data is the mobile piece continuing to be very, very strong. And so, that plays through in a lot of our systems businesses. And for the first time, I would say we are starting to see orders from the more traditional customers on things that support desktops, server type of applications starting to come through in the last few weeks, so that is an encouraging sign. Now, I think we also talked in the past about how our order pattern could peak in the second or third quarter, depending on the timing of launches of various product lines. So as it relates to the mobile devices, we have had a very, very strong quarter here that's time with some key customer launch cycles. That may slow down a bit going forward, but we are encouraged by the fact that we are starting to see orders on the more traditional back end packaging piece. So, depending on how they play out, you know, order rates may ameliorate a little bit going forward.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. Great. And then you acquired Verbruggen in mid-2011 sort of dipped the toe into the flat die market with flexible packaging. What have you learned since then, I guess makes you think that this is really the right market for Nordson to be in?
Michael Hilton: I will make a couple comments and then if Peter wants to add anything, he can go ahead. What we said is we had four areas that we are interested in expanding our portfolio in and one of those was flexible packaging, in part because we see that growing at perhaps slightly higher rate than our rigid packaging, in part because we have a lot of customers who participate both in the rigid and flexible packaging, and in part because we thought the business model was similar to our current portfolio of business. And I think the Verbruggen was a nice regional acquisition for us and it gave us a better view as to confirming that, that business model does in fact make sense and that we were looking for opportunities to expand that globally and to link into continuing to drive businesses where we have technology leadership positions.
Peter Lambert: I guess I will just add to that. As we looked at the development of the Verbruggen dies, part of our hot melt coating business today is wide dies of hot melt. And as we look into the technology, the development and engineering in these, they are very similar and we have become appreciative of how similar they are, and as there can be a two way technology transfer from what we know in hot melts and what the extrusion die companies know around essentially warm plastic that we think there is additional leverage there on the technology side.
Gregory Thaxton: And Jason, this is Greg. I would add a point to it. Its kind of within Mike's comments on the business model, its consistent with where we operate in some of our adhesive businesses and that we were providing a pretty key technology component that's relatively low cost in relation to the overall cost tax. So, what we like the thought that it's kind of that component supplier of high value.
Jason Ursaner: Right. But when it did change hands in 2010, had you guys bid on it or been part of the process at that time?
Michael Hilton: Yes, we took a look at it at that time. Yes.
Jason Ursaner: Can you disclose how well below the bid you bid at that time?
Gregory Thaxton: I don't want to comment. We didnt win and we were disappointed we didn't win.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And then just last question, the business  I will jump back in the queue. Appreciate the color, thanks guys.
Michael Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka of BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kevin Maczka: Hi, good morning.
Michael Hilton: Hi, good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: Mike, on Industrial Coatings, I know these order rates can be lumpy, it sounds like maybe there are some large systems order this quarter. But can you just say a little bit more about how we went from negative 10 to plus 29, Q1 into Q2, and kind of how we should think about that going forward? Was, you know, were there in fact some big orders that you wouldn't expect to repeat going forward, and any more color there would be helpful?
Michael Hilton: Yes, the first thing I would comment on is, generally in the first quarter, orders of that business are soft because typically these are capital investments. So, they have to go through a customer capital cycle, most of our customers are on a calendar year. So, we are really starting to see them get through their approval process, kind of at the tail end of January. So, when you think about our whole first quarter, they have basically finished up their previous calendar year and really typically don't let as many orders in the first quarter because they are going through the next round of capital budget cycle. You know, I would say also quite frankly, the uncertainty in Europe play the big role. I think we mentioned in the last call that while we had good bid activity and we are encouraged by the bid activity that the sort of bid to award timeframe was stretching out because people were looking to just kind of wait and see to how the economic environment was going to play out, particularly with the sovereign debt issues in Europe. I would say what we saw is customers got their projects approved and we saw the time the number of projects that were already approved that people just weren't letting the orders and they started to let the orders in part because there is fairly significant pent-up demand. That said, there is still uncertainty in Europe and some of the smaller customers as Greg and I mentioned in the prepared remarks, are still not getting funded. If the medium-sized folks are comfortable enough that we are starting to see orders flow through, and there is still a bit of pent-up demand from a recovery in this segment in contrast to what I would say is in the other two businesses where we are sort of passing the recovery from the downturn.
Kevin Maczka: So, as it relates to Europe, none of these big picture macro uncertainties are going away. In fact, it seems like they maybe even arguably getting worse. But you are saying pent-up demand is kind of trumping that and you are still seeing customers increasingly let out orders where there has been great or solid bid activity, but not so much in terms of actual orders and turning those into revenues, but you are seeing more of that now. Did that ?
Michael Hilton: Yes, what I am saying is the timeframe is still a little longer, but we are continuing to add projects to the list, and so, some of those are coming through. The other comment I would make is, if you look at the parts business, the part business is solid, which is suggesting that operating rates are strong. What I would say is that customers are continuing to look for shorter payout projects. So, the ones that have shorter payout projects because they are creating more efficiency where there is a consolidation activity associated with it, are the ones that are going through. And the list continues to be strong, I would say timing hasn't shortened up, but we have continued to add the list and people will let orders come through. So that's what we are seeing here. And we have a number of projects that are going through, as I mentioned that are consolidation or in the case of the U.S., we are seeing some on-shoring from off-shoring that kind of thing. And I would say more of that sort of middle tier who had money is confident enough that they are moving forward, and the lower tier doesn't have money and that's not happening yet.
Kevin Maczka: Got it. And shifting over to margins in Industrial Coating, the big sequential increase we saw there, was that just volume leverage in your execution there, or was there something else unusual driving that in terms of mix or pricing or what have you?
Michael Hilton: No, its primarily volume leverage there. What we suggested here is that we are making, in the first quarter, we saw some impact from our traditional kind of merit increases without the volume and we had some post-retirement costs that hit in as well. What we are seeing now is volume loaded against that. We also had some specific initiatives that we are funding, we are continuing to fund those, but it really is just the volume coming back to a level that still down year-on-year a little bit, but coming back and then obviously with the order rates stepping up. That's encouraging sign going forward.
Kevin Maczka: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Liptak of Barrington Research. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning everyone. I wanted to ask a follow-on on the margin. I think you said in your guidance, 28% operating margin for the third quarter. Is part of that strong margin, I understand volumes coming through and some of the things you just mentioned, but could you talk a little bit about just the benefits from the adhesive restructuring and how much dollar savings you think you will start to see in the third quarter?
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, Walt, this is Greg. Most of that improvement that you are seeing in the operating margin is volume leverage. And specific to the facility consolidation, we do expect that we will start to see some benefits in the third quarter. And that number is likely to grow then in the out quarters as that production workforce get fully efficient, if you will, as they are coming up to speed on operating new equipment, etcetera. So, we will see some benefit in this third quarter. We will start to see more noticeable benefits in the fourth quarter and then into 2013. You know, it might equate to maybe a 50 basis point improvement in the adhesive operating margin when we get to 2013.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Did you say 50 basis points or 15 basis points?
Gregory Thaxton: 50 basis points.
Walter Liptak: 50 basis points, okay. All right. I want to talk a little bit about the kind of the cautionary note on the fourth quarter. It sounds like there is a chance that third quarter could be the peak for sales, operating margin and EPS. Is that kind of what you are thinking at this point?
Michael Hilton: Well, as you know, we don't have great visibility beyond one quarter. We are really trying to comment on is a couple of things. When we look at sort of the order pattern and the order flow, we have got things like the mobile piece that's linked a lot to timing of introduction of technology that might in fact be a little bit of a pull-forward into the third quarter. On the other hand, we have, starting to see some general improvement in the more traditional space in electronics area that I talked about. Typically, our order patterns would peak in either the second or third quarter, and then start to decline from there and our revenue typically would be modestly higher in the fourth quarter. And the only point we are really trying to make is the recent additional concern around Europe and its effects potentially outside of Europe and folks kind of taking down the sort of global macro growth numbers a little bit, where its kind of saying that we are not quite sure what the fourth quarter is going to look like, but we have had very strong third quarter orders and some of that might be timing pulled forward, particularly on the technology.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Well, I would just comment that I think it was probably at the beginning of the year when you provided the first half weak, second half recovery, I think we are all a little bit skeptical of that, but it's clear that, that showed up in your order rates. The Europe concern you are talking about, is that primarily related to adhesives?
Michael Hilton: I am sorry, Walter. Had I interrupted you?
Walter Liptak: No. Is the Europe issue that would show up in adhesives?
Michael Hilton: And thats what we are seeing right now, good show up in coatings too, but I guess what I would say is, if you step back, what we said in the beginning of the year is that the overall macro economy was sort of in that 2.75% GDP kind of growth rate, we would have a positive year. Second half would be better than the first half, first half would be kind of flat. I would say right now if you look at sort of the integrated all the macro points of view, most people probably don't think it's going to be 2.75% kind of growth, but it is not a lot less than that, maybe it's 2.5%. So, if that plays out, we should still continue to have a strong second half of the year and obviously where we have visibility, which is the next quarter, the order rates are really strong. The only cautionary point we are trying to make there in certain places, particularly in the technology space and particularly on the systems side, the orders are very, very strong, stronger than we have seen sort of historically second and third quarter, and that may not continue because timing of kind of launches of new technology. That said, some of the other things are improving. You see some global impact now potentially on China and other places from Europe. On the other hand, you have the Chinese government reacting and reacting quickly. So, we think that will mitigate that. So, our view is still the second half of the year is going to be stronger, presuming the macro economy grows at that kind of rates, we are just suggesting that there is a pretty solid order rate probably higher than we have ever seen before and while we don't have visibility beyond sort of the 12-week period at time, we are suggesting there are other things in the macro environment that might be prudent not to fully extend that going forward.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Great. Appreciate your comments. I will get back in queue.
Michael Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Hilton: Hello, good morning Charlie.
Charles Brady: Can you hear me?
Michael Hilton: We can now hear.
Charles Brady: Okay. Sorry about that. If we look at the advanced tech systems orders, sorry, in the sales in the second quarter, and I am sorry if I missed this, but can you give us what the organic sales were? In the table, you put the volume in there, but obviously puts in the acquisitions you owned last year?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I think Greg will give you the numbers in a second.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, I think we were down about  we said that the  Charlie, this is Greg. We said the first year effective acquisitions added 6% and organic was down 3%.
Charles Brady: That's for advanced tech specifically?
Gregory Thaxton: Thats advanced technology.
Charles Brady: Okay. And looking at the  so the acquisition you have announced, the EDI, I calculated it, its about a 10-times EBITDA multiple. Am I in the right neighborhood on that?
Michael Hilton: We would look at it at something lower than that.
Charles Brady: Okay. Can you quantify kind of what the purchase accounting impact might be and kind of, can you quantify what kind of accretion you might look for in the first year on that acquisition?
Gregory Thaxton: Charlie, this is Greg. I will make a couple of comments. You know, it depends on timing of when this would close, right. But assuming it does close sometime in the back half year of our fiscal year, with the way that a short-term purchase accounting charges work related to the step-up in inventory value, it's likely it will be modestly dilutive to earnings, a couple of few cents per share in this year and then accretive in 2013. So, if we assume it hits in our third quarter, that's likely how it would play out and we might think it might be mid-teens accretive in the first  in 2013.
Charles Brady: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Good morning. I want to hit on the adhesive business a little bit here. Were you guys surprised by, albeit it's only 5% I get that, but this is also your most stable business. Were you surprised that orders in adhesives fell by 5%? And I guess can you talk about equipment being down ex and aftermarket? Sounded like it was actually up. So, can you give us a little more detail around the equipment side versus aftermarket, because this is also where you have the most aftermarket content?
Michael Hilton: Yes, let me just make a couple of comments. And to start, I will take you back to last year. If you recall last year, one of the things that we said for the first time as we saw very, very strong rebound in our general product assembly area, hadn't seen that in 2010. We really saw some very strong orders there and a significant part of the growth last year, sort of the outsize growth was coming from that product assembly piece. That's the piece that from a system's standpoint has been, I would say, hurt the most and hurt the most in Europe and to a lesser extent in the U.S. So, if you look on a year-on-year basis, it's really a comparison to an unusually strong last year and the impact, quite frankly, of what's going on in Europe. Secondly, we can have things move from quarter-to-quarter, particularly around larger non-woven orders. They tend to beat some bigger buys from key customers. And I would say year-on-year what we have seen is, there were fewer sort of non-woven orders this year than last year. An example would be one of the reasons that we see the Americas down a bit is really timing of bigger non-woven orders year-over-year. So, from our standpoint, I would say the timing you can never predict. We have been signaling for a while that we are seeing some softness in the product assembly piece and that has continued. And you are correct, we are saying our parts orders continue to grow and continue to be above last year, which says operating rates are generally solid, and certainly packaging has been solid and that's really been timing on non-wovens and the impact of product assembly. So, is it a little more than we might have anticipated in the quarter? Yes, maybe a little bit more, but it's directionally what we expect it to see because of the year-over-year comparisons.
Matt Summerville: So, are there multiple elements of timing across the three business segments that you mentioned maybe some of this mobile stuff being a little more Q3, at least hitting revenue in Q3, then maybe would be normal. Are you seeing timing in the other businesses also helping out that Q3 performance, Mike?
Michael Hilton: I would say, if you went through  I made this comment on the individual businesses and I may start at a company level what we have said, I will make a comment on sales, and I will make a comment on orders, and then will comment on some of the individual segments. Typically, first quarter is soft because of holiday period. Second, third and fourth from a revenue standpoint are not all that different typically if you look at our seasonal pattern. If you look at our order rate pattern, typically you would see things start to decline in the tail half of or towards the end of our third quarter and they decline all the way to really middle to late January in terms of order entry. And then pick up and they can either pickup and peak in Q2 or pickup and peak in Q3 and that's where the timing kind of plays in across the company. I would say the technology piece is more likely to have more significant timing effect of the other businesses, but in the coatings businesses, as we talked about earlier, first quarter tends to be particularly soft because of the capital budget approval cycle. Second and third tend to be strong quarters and then things tend to step down a bit by the middle of the fourth quarter as people are trying to complete things within the year. So, we do have sort of strong Q2 and Q3 order piece there and a falloff. I would say the adhesives typically is the most steady of all three of the businesses. The 20% to 25% that's in the product assembly piece is less predictable than the other elements and the non-wovens can move back and forth depending on the size of order one quarter or another and it is not necessarily that two is stronger than three is stronger than four, but I would say what we are seeing this year is typical strength in the coatings business, maybe a little longer and the bigger systems orders for mobile in the second quarter than we might have seen before and kind of softer product assembly. So, we are just trying to point out some of the new launches of the business and it can shift around, but the general pattern on orders is it will start to decline at the tail end of the third quarter through January and then pick up, and it's just a question whether the peak is at the tail end of second quarter or well into the third quarter.
Matt Summerville: Got it. And then, you had mentioned in Europe that smaller customers are still having issues with access to credit. Can you provide the same kind of commentary with regards to China and what you are seeing there among your customer base?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say, we made a comment I think on the last call that we were concerned in the fall in talking with our customers when the government was in sort of the (inaudible) and raising bank lending standards and so forth, and our smaller customers were getting nervous. And probably 60% of our business in China is small-to-medium enterprise customers, so read that as not state-owned customers and the concern was money was just going to flow to state-owned. I would say with the changes we saw in the December period and the more recent changes again at least in attitude and desire to back to simulate growth again, our customers are feeling more comfortable and if you look at sort of our order rates over the last six to 12 weeks, they certainly have stepped up in Asia and China particularly. So, I would say we are feeling more encouraged by the actions that the government is taking compared to where we were probably four to six months ago.
Matt Summerville: Okay, and then just one more, one final one, Greg, did you guys buy any stock back in fiscal Q2 and can you remind us what's remaining on your authorization and where would you be more active in buying back shares?
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, Matt, we do buy back shares in Q2, and we probably have close to $70 million remaining under our authorization. We bought back about $27 million in Q2. But I think it's likely with the announcement of the EDI acquisition, we will step back and kind of re-prioritize capital allocation and maybe take a pause for sometime here on share repurchases.
Matt Summerville: Got it, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Douglass of Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass: Good morning gentlemen.
Michael Hilton: Good morning, Mark.
Mark Douglass: Greg, can you help calibrate the impact of the delays you noted? Were these orders you were expecting in the last call that they have been coming till late in the quarter and now you are going to get the realized sales here or there were orders in there and they are just delayed shipment? And then, what was the impact versus what you expected to get in second quarter and then maybe what is actually following through in the 3Q, is that possible?
Gregory Thaxton: Yes, Mark, I think, in general terms, say, we always have quarters where either the customer delays because their facility isn't ready for our equipments. It's not generally a case where it's an execution issue on our part and we just couldn't get the volume out, but we will have situations in a quarter where our revenue might be impacted because we had a larger dollar system sale that just didn't ship in the quarter. But I wouldn't characterize it in this quarter as being a real significant driver of the quarter's revenue such that next quarter is getting an outsized benefit because of this. That's something that we typically would experience in a quarter and some quarters it might be a couple of million dollars larger than typical, but I don't see it as being a big story in this quarter.
Mark Douglass: I was just curious, I mean, you called it out specifically and I know shipments and orders are delayed, but you called out specifically, I was just wondering if you could quantify it, not like its bigger than normal.
Michael Hilton: I wouldn't say, it was an impact in our adhesives business where, so their volume in the quarter was a little bit lower than what we might have expected, but not as significant 
Gregory Thaxton: It was more of a year-on-year comparison. I think the example that I gave around the sort of the Americas and where we are at is timing being strong one year in Q2 and maybe stronger the next year in Q3. It's kind of where do they fall year-over-year with some of the larger ones, particularly in the geographies where we have maybe a smaller business in general.
Michael Hilton: And so, that's more of a timing of the orders perspective. So, if you have a large non-woven customer that's putting in a diaper line in a particular geography, that's a big dollar sale for us. So, the timing of when that order hits and the shipment hits, especially in a region, we called out the Americas, can have a big impact as you look at order trends year-to-year.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then, switching to EDI, what is the typical replacement cycle for these dies? And then, can you help us put in context how much are the relative percentage of the larger machines?
Peter Lambert: What typically drives to replacement of a die change is the product changes. So the dies can be refurbished and thats part of the business but if you think about end product changes in the food space particularly, that can be a two to four years, it is typical where somebody is going to need a different die just because the packaging and the product and the marketing has changed. The second question was 
Michael Hilton: So, one another things that EDI brings with it is a significant installed base of customers who are in the upgrade process, or in the change process, so as a result there is a recurring revenue stream there based on the installed base. And as Peter said, some of the changes as well as sort of the wear and tear on parts that gives us a nice recurring revenue there. And then obviously there is new facilities being built as well that require new dies.
Mark Douglass: Right.
Gregory Thaxton: There was question on dollar value?
Mark Douglass: Yes.
Gregory Thaxton: What was that again?
Mark Douglass: Well, what is the typical dollar value, or what is the value in relation to say in overall line, extrusion lying at their end?
Gregory Thaxton: You know, $50,000 to $250,000 for a die that would go on to an extrusion machine thats may be $2 million to $3 million that would go on a converting line, that could be $10 million to $25 million.
Mark Douglass: Okay, thank you. And then finally, you mentioned PCB markets the last quarter were still soft. Have you seen any improvement? Is that what you were in part of supply when you mentioned that the test inspection was picking up?
Michael Hilton: Yes. We are starting to see  I would say in probably the last half of the quarter and its playing through in the orders that we are seeing. We are starting to see orders for both dispense and test and inspection equipment in more traditional applications from more traditional backend sort of packaging customers that will include sort of the PCB side. So, thats an encouraging sign for us because that part of the market was pretty soft for the first couple of quarters and most industry forecasters have the second half of the year being much more solid. And so it was encouraging for us to start see those orders actually come through.
Mark Douglass: Okay, great. Thank you.
Michael Hilton: Okay.
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you, Mark.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Walter Liptak of Barrington Research, please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. I would like to ask a couple of EDI questions too. The margins that you alluded to in your dialogue are really good and I guess -- I never thought of die moulds and the consumable part, replacement parts or manufactured parts as being that good a margin? And so, I think I am not understanding something about their technology. So they had some kind of an enabling technology that was patented? I wonder if you could discuss that a little bit more?
Michael Hilton: Yes. Let me make just a comment and then Ill turn it over to Peter. I think the analogy to think about is these folks arent making products that end up looking like (inaudible). These folks are co-extruding multiple layers of plastic. So, think of that as 7 to 14 layers of plastic that provide oxygen barriers, UV protection, moisture barriers, that go into high-end packaging applications that might not require any cardboard or boxing and therefore have to be sufficient on their own. The magic is not only the resin and so forth that they are using but its actually in the co-extrusion. You have to think about back to $10 million plus line thats running at very high speed with very exacting quality standards and very high dollar material utilization on a minute, by hour, by day basis. So that die is absolutely critical to the output of the whole process and you are either making good product or you are wasting a lot of money every minute if that die is not correct. So there is a lot of value in it. And then, in particular, as I just mentioned is the product changes, there is a lot of proprietary knowledge associated with how to get these dies correct. So when it comes time to change your product, if you have a die thats already integrated on that $10 million plus line, its a real high risk for the customer to go somewhere else and decide to start all that with a die manufacturer that doesnt have all that familiarity. So very high-value and very high risk to the customer to not getting it right compared to the cost of the die.
Walter Liptak: Okay.
Peter Lambert: So Walt if you go back and you say the analogy is to our current business, the scale might be a bit bigger, but it really is being a critical part of the performance at a relatively modest part of the cost, and to be in that part of the value chain that really drives the end performance. So while the unit cost might be a little higher, the systems they go into are also more expensive and its similar to what we do in our base adhesives business and what we do in a lot of our businesses at Nordson as that part of the value chain is where you create the impact and solution for the customer.
Michael Hilton: Just one other note thats critical in this business is lead time and EDI has very attractive lead times because people dont keep couple of hundred thousand dollar pieces of spare parts sitting around. If there is an issue and there is a changeover that line is sitting idle until that replacement part gets there. So just EDIs lead time capability and ability to react quickly helps drive the value of the die in addition to the absolute performance of it.
Walter Liptak: Okay. So kind of along those lines with the parts inventory, you have mentioned recurring revenue, what percentage of sales is recurring?
Gregory Thaxton: Well recurring revenue -- in this case we would consider this die replacement or the die refurbishment and if you include that as part of this recurring revenue, its north of 50%. We typically talk about recurring revenue in our packaging business as being spare parts. In this case, there is service and parts revenue thats not that high, but if you include replacement dies as being recurring revenue even though its a brand new die, we do know they churn over every couple of years, including that revenue drives north of 50%.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. Greg, I think you mentioned a CAGR of about 6%?
Gregory Thaxton: Thats what we think. So the overall market is 6% or 7% kind of growth rate. We think this business can grow faster than that for a variety of reasons, and over the last four years they have demonstrated that they have been able to grow more like 10%.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Did they go through sort of the same tough comp and decelerating growth that the other Nordson business did over the last nine months or so?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I am not sure we want to comment on the specifics. I would say is that in general we are continuing to build our position globally including opening some new facilities in Asia, thats really, I would say help mitigate what we might have seen in the short term.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Matt Summerville of KeyBanc, please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Just a couple of more questions on EDI. Can you talk about the go-to-market in that business? I assume this would likely be a direct business and then what kind of customer overlap, if any, this business currently has with Nordson?
Michael Hilton: Okay. So the go-to-market is similar to our other hot melt businesses and if there is an OEM channel, so these are dies that go on to new extrusion machines that are going to be part of the new converting line. There is also replacement business for existing dies, as I mentioned before, there is a product change so this line exists but they need a new die because there is a product change. So there is an OEM channel, there is an end-user channel. Its primarily a direct business, but because of specific industry relationships there is a significant agent network that we use for contacts in certain applications.
Matt Summerville: And then I also just  Peter, may be you can spend a minute talking about the competitive environment in this business? How big do you think the addressable market is for EDI? Who are the top three or four players and what would EDIs relative market share be?
Peter Lambert: Yes, let me jump in there, I dont know that we want to comment specifically on relative market share. I would say there are probably a couple other players of similar size in the marketplace and then some smaller players. The market we see really is something that can grow in that sort of mid-to-high single-digit rate and likely will grow faster in emerging markets where -- if you can take a place like China, there is a lot more go-to-direct plastic packaging than combination of plastic and paperboard, in part because of the fact that they dont really necessarily have the same paper industry that some of the more developed countries have in place. So, we see this as a good emerging market story growth for opportunity and one that serve mid-to-high single digits.
Michael Hilton: Just one other comment. When you asked about customers, typically the people from whom well get the order are different that are running the lines. What is important here though to understand is the large multinational consumer goods, food, consumer products companies where we have excellent global relationships at the headquarters and all their facilities, they are the ones who are typically specifying down the supply chain what equipment is used. So, we have very good relationships with the real end-users that are the consumer products companies and we expect to be able to leverage those relationships and specifying Nordson equipment in the die space as we currently enjoy the benefit of in our other hot melt applications.
Matt Summerville: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Michael Hilton: Alley, we have time for maybe one more question.
Operator: Our final question is a follow-up from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets, please go ahead.
Charles Brady: Hi, thanks. Just on the EDI acquisition, now you have got that and you are going to roll that in, where does that put you in terms of where you want to be in flex packaging? That was one of the areas you have spoken of where you want to get bigger in. Does this kind of give you what you need or are there other parts of that business that you can eventually over time roll into other acquisitions?
Michael Hilton: So, just a couple of comments. We do believe that this provides scale and a leading technology position. But as we look at the broader space we do look at sort of value chain and see some other opportunities that would also make sense for us. And so, we continue to look for opportunities that would augment our organic growth in this space.
Charles Brady: Thanks.
Michael Hilton: Alright. Well, thank you very much for participating in the call this morning. We appreciate your support.
James Jaye: This is Jim Jaye. If you have additional comments, I will be around later today and be glad to take your calls. So, again on behalf of our team thanks very much and well talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-02-24 17:00:00) =====
Mac Muirhead: Matt Summerville - KeyBanc Liam Burke - Janney Capital Markets Kevin Maczka - BB&T Capital Markets Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets Jason Ursaner - CJS Securities
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to your Nordson Corporation webcast for the first quarter fiscal year 2012. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce your host for todays conference, Mr. Jim Jaye. You may begin sir.
Jim Jaye: Thank you Kevin. This is Jim Jaye and Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Wed like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, February 24, 2012, Nordsons first quarter 2012 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Thursday, March 1, by calling 404-537-3406. You will need to reference ID number 507-26-541. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with the cautionary statements under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks well have a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our 2012 first quarter results and a bit about Nordsons future outlook. Please go ahead Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you Jim and good morning everyone and thank you for attending Nordsons first quarter 2012 conference call. Overall we delivered solid performance in the quarter, performance in line with our exceptions. Our global team remains focused and continues to execute aggressively. I want to thank all of them for their ongoing efforts. In addition to our comments on the first quarter, we will also provide some perspective relative to our outlook for the second quarter of fiscal 2012. Starting with the first quarter, as anticipated conditions in some our end markets and geographies were challenging during the quarter. Nordson does not appear to be an outlier in this regard, as many industrial companies have reported similar near term challenges in recent weeks. The good news is that Nordson still delivered solid results in the quarter and the fundamental strengths of our business model are intact. Those strengths include innovative technology, application expertise, highly effective direct sales and service model and our global capability. Sales volume grew by 2% in the quarter over the previous year and we delivered operating margins of 22%, excluding non-recurring items. The operating margin is well above our pre-recession level and is inclusive of continues improvement and other strategic investments that will drive growth and performance for Nordson over the long term. As a reminder, our first quarter is typically our weakest from a sales perspective, which does impact our operating margin. Earnings per share in the quarter, excluding non-recurring items was in line with our guidance. In terms of our outlook, order trends over the last 12-weeks are down about 3% from the very strong period of recovery in the same 12-week period a year ago. Clearly some end markets and geographies continue to be impacted by near term economic uncertainty. Orders are showing resiliency on a sequential basis, which is reflected in the 16% sequential increase, represented by the mid point of our second quarter sales guidance. Overall the fundamentals of our business are solid and as we suggested in our December earnings conference call, we anticipate better year-over-year growth in the second half of our fiscal year. Most forecasters still predict GDP growth for the year and the second half is typically a stronger capital cycle for many of our customers. Let me turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a more detailed commentary on our first quarter financial results, as well as some comments on our guidance for the second quarter of 2012. Greg.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you Mike and good morning to everyone. As Mike noted, our financial results for the first quarter were solid. Sales in the quarter increased 2% over the prior year. The sales improvement included a 4% increase related to the first year effect of acquisitions, offset by a 2% decrease in organic volume. The effects of currency translation were neutral as compared to the prior year. Looking at segment performance, adhesive dispensing delivered sales volume improvement of 2% over the prior years first quarter. Organic volume decreased less than 1% over the prior year as the overall improvement was driven by acquisitions. Relatively strong growth otherwise in the segment was offset by the timing of customers buying patters associated with our non-wovens product line, which tends to be larger dollar systems where the timing of a couple of orders can impact quarterly growth. Sales volume in the advance technology segment was up 4% over the previous years quarter. The first year effect of acquisitions drove the increased volume, as organic volume decreased 3%, where softness and non-dispense product likes offset growth in our dispensing product lines. Within the industrial coding segment the volume decreased by 2% compared to the prior year, primarily driven by softness in European durable goods end markets. We delivered growth in most all other regions within this segment. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was 61.4%, in line with the prior year. From an operating perspective we continue to perform at a solid level, while also making investments in the business that would drive future growth and performance. These investments included headcount and supported growth, as well as incremental product and market development investment and investment in our continuous improvement initiatives. In addition to this spending, our first quarter is at the time of the year for recognizing compensation and benefit increases. And as Mike noted, our first quarter is generally the softest from a revenue perspective, so any additional volume in future quarters should provide considerable leverage and operating margin. With that said, reported operating margin for the quarter was 20% or 22% excluding one-time items in the quarter. On a segment basis, adhesive dispensing continued to perform at a very high level and delivered operating margin of 34%, even as we continued to invest in multiple initiatives, including our nearly completed consolidation of U.S. facilities. Excluding the one-time charge in the quarter impacting the adhesive segment, the operating margin was 35%. The Advanced Technology segments operating margin in the quarter was 16% or 19% excluding one-time charges and Industrial Coatings margin for the quarter was 3%. Operating margins in both the Advanced Technology segment and the Industrial Coating segment were impacted by lower organic sales volume and increased strategic investment in the areas I noted previously. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter is $38 million or 14% of sales and inclusive of $3.7 million pre tax of one-time charges. And first quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.58 in the quarter. As in previous quarters, weve included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. Earnings per share, excluding one-time items were $0.62 per share in the quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was $65 million and first quarter free cash flow before dividends was a strong $36 million. As an additional comment regarding cash flow in the quarter, we continue to demonstrate our ability to fund multiple strategic initiatives. We remained active in our share repurchase program as we bought $46 million of shares during the quarter, at an average price of $43.52 per share. An additional $8 million was returned directly to shareholders during the quarter in the form of dividends. Our balance sheet remains very strong with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of less than one and we have sufficient capacity for future strategic investments. Before moving on to our second quarter outlook, Ill provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we have provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12-weeks as compared to the same 12-weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis, with fiscal 2011 acquisitions included in both periods. Looking at orders for the 12-weeks ending February 19, 2012, they are down 3% compared to the same 12-weeks in the prior year. On an annualized run rate basis, current 12-week orders are $1.2 billion. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, orders are down 1% to the prior year. Solid growth in our packaging product line serving non-durable end markets, is being offset by softness in general product assembly systems sold into durable goods end markets. Advanced Technology orders over the latest 12-weeks are down 3% from the prior year, where order growth in the automated and manual dispense product lines has been offset by soft demand in surface treatment and some test-and-inspection product lines. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 10% as compared to the prior year. On a global basis, softness in durable goods end markets served by this segment is impacting segment results. Overall, a relatively soft macro economic environment, coupled with a backdrop of tighter credit in certain geographies, has impacted order rates in certain end markets across each of the segments as compared to a period of recovery a year ago. Turning now to the outlook for the current years second quarter, were forecasting sales to be in the range of $313 million to $326 million. The sales outlook indicates a range of down 2% to up 2% as compared to the second quarter a year ago. This range is inclusive of organic volume of down 4% to flat, 3% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and a negative 1% currency translation impact, based on the current exchange rate environment. At the mid point of this range, sequential growth is 16% over our first quarter. We expect gross margin to be about 61.5% in the quarter and operating margin to be approximately 26% for the quarter at the midpoint of our sales range. We are forecasting an effective tax rate for the quarter of approximately 30.5%, resulting in diluted earnings per share that are expected to be in the range of $0.83 to $0.91 per share. In summary, our first quarter performance was solid and played out much as we expected. Our team continued to execute worldwide and we have continued to make strategic investments to drive ongoing growth and enhanced performance. Our current order rates reflect customer caution in some end markets and geographies. Our outlook for the second quarter is another quarter of solid performance, with strong sequential growth providing leverage that will drive operating margin to the 26% level at the mid point of our guidance.
Mike Hilton: Thanks Greg. Before moving on to your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent order trends and outlook. While recent orders were not as strong as wed hoped to see, there are some positive takeaways. First, our recent order trends put us at a full year run rate of approximately $1.2 billion. This is about the same pace we reported in our December earnings call and still a very solid level considering that it coincides with the softest part of the year. Let me remind you that the most recent 12-weeks orders include the impact of holidays on plan operation and the end of the capital cycle for many of our customers. Second, Ill highlight the macroeconomic conditions we are seeing are in line with the recent views expressed by many other industrial companies. In the period following Nordson December earnings report, several companies have since reported results and in general those results and views reflect near term choppiness, a fairly conservative outlook for the first half of 2012 and some acceleration beginning in the second half of the year. This is consistent with the outlook that we discussed during our December earnings call and we are still seeing today. From a substantial standpoint as Greg said, we are gaining momentum. As we expect second quarter sales at the midpoint of our guidance to increase by about 16% over this years first quarter. As we have demonstrated in the recent quarters, there is considerable leverage in our income statement, where the sequential increase in sales should result in a sequential increase of nearly 40% in operating profit, excluding one-time charges in both quarters. In terms of the macroeconomic view, uncertainty persists in some geographies and end markets, resulting in order rates that are below the longer term rates we would expect in a more robust GDP environment. The U.S. economy has not yet returned to full strength and clarity surrounding European economic backdrop is yet to emerge. In developing markets growth remains strong, though its pace is moderated. While these factors have caused some customers to remain cautious in the near term, the global economy is still expected to grow in 2012. We will continue to make strategic investments in our business to propel future growth and performance and we are well positioned to continue winning in the end markets we serve. We have significant recurring revenue derived from parts and consumables, excellent positions in consumer non-durable spaces, rapid growth opportunities associated with mobile and other electronic devices and multiple avenues for expansion. Our future is truly bright and we will continue to build our market leading positions by providing our customers with the best products, support and service available anywhere. Above all, we have an outstanding global team and I am confident they will continue to deliver at a very high level. At this time we will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research.
Mac Muirhead: Good morning gentlemen. Its Mac Muirhead. Im on for Mark this morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning Mac.
Mac Muirhead: Thanks for taking my call. Lets see; this is kind of quick question. What is the mix of parts versus equipment this quarter?
Mike Hilton: Yes, its up a little bit from where we were a year ago. So its I think on a reported basis probably around 49%. If you look at sort of excluding the recent Value Plastics acquisition with consumables being the fundamental large part of that acquisition, its about 48%. So its up a bit as what we typically expect in the first quarter, given that capital investment tends to slow down and systems orders tend to slow down around the holiday period.
Mac Muirhead: Okay. All right, great. Now, I was wondering if you could take us through Advanced Tech a little bit, the markets what your seeing, the weakness. If youre kind of in an order trend, kind of a bottom in those markets and what youre expecting for the rest of the year.
Mike Hilton: Yes, so let me make a couple of comments there. Its not too different from what we said really in our last call, kind of the tail of  two parts of the business. Anything thats kind of focused on mobile devices, Smartphones, tablets, still remains pretty strong and anything thats related to more fundamental sort of desktops, laptops, servers has been pretty soft and that plays out across our businesses in different ways, depending on the emphasis, but at a higher level thats what were seeing and the softness has been mainly in the sort of normal typical PC environment. And our EFP area generally strong in most parts of our business. The part that goes into fluid formulators for the construction environment has been a little bit soft and our medical base has been pretty strong and kind of on track. So, it feels kind of mix across, but Id say its largely the traditional backend packaging for the PC, laptop, desktop market thats been pretty soft. From an industry perspective, I think most analysts expect that thats kind of a first half of the year phenomena, and that things start to pickup in the second half of the year, thats sort of the industry analysts view and it will be consistent with what we are seeing from an order standpoint, at least in terms of the softness right now in that part of the...
Mac Muirhead: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Ill jump back in the queue.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville of KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville: I think it was maybe in Gregs comments. He mentioned that (inaudible). Well first, was it a shipment or an order that got pushed to the right. Will that then fall into your fiscal second quarter and I guess, can you give us some sort of order of magnitude and will this influence the mix in the second quarter at all?
Mike Hilton: Hey Matt, this is Mike. I think what Greg was trying to say is, if you look at our business in adhesives, the non-woven piece in particular tends to be larger systems and timing year-over-year relative to last year. We had some larger systems hit in that first quarter, we didnt see as many in this first quarter and so we would expect over time thats going to pickup. So it wasnt one particular order that was pushed. Its just that  and the timing of those tend to be one larger orders and bigger systems and they come in groups and year-over-year we had a difference there; they can have an impact on the revenue.
Matt Summerville: Okay. So theres a year-over-year difference. Is that indicative of customer demand or more just lumpiness in timing?
Mike Hilton: Thats more lumpiness in timing. Certain geographies were really strong in this quarter in that same area and then others were a little softer and its really just timing, its not a fundamental concern that we have around that part of the market. This is all consumer non-durables and pretty steady.
Greg Thaxton: And Matt, this is Greg. A point thats being made there is kind of the more run rate packaging business was holding up fairly well in the quarter. It was more this larger dollar that tends to follow a line expansion or larger dollar investment that was impacting the quarter.
Matt Summerville: Mike, on the last conference call you sort of  to your comment towards the end here, recent order trends maybe not as strongest you had hope. I think you had sort of laid out a view that may be things trended somewhat soft heading into Chinese New Year. You get beyond Chinese New Year and you see a nice re-acceleration. Was there any discernible change between  kind of if we use that as imaginary line? Was there any discernible change leading up to that versus kind of the incoming order rates since then?
Mike Hilton: Yes. We definitely saw customers in the couple of weeks, even before Chinese New Year tell us that they were just going to hold off and we have seen orders pick up and come back post the Chinese New Year. Now, as we go into this next quarter, we had a big ramp up from an order perspective and a revenue perspective last year, so were up against tougher comps, but we definitely saw the Chinese New Year effect and we started to see orders come back and certainly bid activity come back.
Matt Summerville: Does it feel like that business is back to a more normalized level or still depressed off whatever normalized means?
Mike Hilton: I think it varies across the aspects of the business. Id say if you talk about the sort of most of our adhesives type businesses that go to consumer non-durables its pretty normal. If you look at things like product assembly that tends to go into construction and durable goods, its still not where wed like to see it and the same thing for our coatings business, where we saw significant impact from the slowdown around the capital side. Now the capital cycle for the coatings business tends to start kind of towards the end of January and going forward as people get their capital budgets approved and our bid activity is solid. Advanced Tech is a little bit different cycle in and of itself and well  and thats from a geographic standpoint where we saw the biggest impact from an order perspective in Asia, because a lot of those traditional backend packages are there and a lot of that serves the more general PC, laptop, desktop kind of market and thats been soft.
Matt Summerville: If you look at your order rates, youre obviously coming off some very, very tough comparison. Those comparisons I would say begin to ease in Adhesives a bit and Advanced Tech, not so much yet in Industrial Coatings, but the comps there are starting to get easier, perhaps more normalized. Whats your level of confidence that you start to see year-over-year order growth beginning when we get this next data point from you.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, I think if you saw last year just from a revenue standpoint as I said, strong quarter in the second half and that was underpinned by strong orders coming into the quarter and a strong backlog. So I think we are still looking at a tough comp in this next quarter and our view is assuming that the comp is still right and the economy grows at a reasonable level, say 2.5% globally this year, then we should see at the back half of our year, a better economic environment. Id say, compared to where we were three months ago, U.S. probably looks a little more encouraging, Europe probably looks a little less encouraging, but overall I think most people are looking at that kind of 2.5%, 3% rate. So if that happens we should see improvement in the underlying market conditions in the back half and if the tech forecasters from an industry perspective are right, we would also start to see some more of that basic PC buy comeback in the second half as well. So I think we are optimistic.
Matt Summerville: So it sounds like though, at least for the second quarter its going to be tough to get positive order growth until you get in the back half. Am I understanding that message correctly?
Mike Hilton: Yes, just because I think we are up against a very, very strong comp last year. I mean the movement from first quarter to second quarter last year was well beyond the typical movement that we normally see.
Matt Summerville: Fair enough. Thanks a lot Mike.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liam Burke with Janney Capital Markets.
Liam Burke: Good morning Greg.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning Liam
Liam Burke: Greg, just quickly, your CapEx year-over-year stepped up. Is that just a seasonal timing issue or is there something significant in the change?
Greg Thaxton: Yes Liam. We talked about in the last quarter that we thought our CapEx on a full year basis would be about $25 million and that we were going to have, for lack of a better word, some lumpiness with some ins and outs of buildings, where weve talked about consolidating from four to two facilities in Atlanta, for example. So this quarter reflects about $4 million associated with new building in Atlanta. What youre going to see eventually is the sale of some existing facilities. So our building and our facility footprint rationalization will cause some of this lumpiness, but our normalized CapEx is pretty much on track with that full year $25 million.
Liam Burke: Okay great. And on the ATS side, you did talk about the biomedical being on track, you did talk about the puts and takes on the electronics. Could you talk a little bit about some of the pockets like flip-chip and LED? How those smaller businesses are doing?
Mike Hilton: Yes, so the general technology move towards flip-chip continues to progress and obviously that supports most of the mobile devices, so with the up-tick in Smartphones and tablets, thats moving ahead nicely in that part of the business and so our systems orders for example are solid in the ASYMTEK business as a result of that. But as I said, theres a sort of more generic and you saw this from folks like Dell and HP. They are seeing the impact of a softer sort of market environment and some conversion to that tablet piece and thats fallen through into more of our test and inspection area than sort of the systems area.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Maczka: Hi, good morning.
Mike Hilton: Hi Kevin.
Greg Thaxton: Good morning Kevin.
Kevin Maczka: In Adhesives, such a strong start to the year. I know you talked about having maybe some favorable mix, but also absorbing some of this growth spending there. I guess can you just clarify, did that growth spending trial off from here and is there any reason to think this isnt the low watermark for the year?
Mike Hilton: So, we have planned spending throughout the year. We are being cautious as we said in the last call. Most of which we are actually seeing right now is spending that was incurred in terms of resources we added in the second half of last year, with the exception of some initiatives around product development for example. So, as the economy improves, we may do some more things, so you could see some things come in, but we are going to be cautious and air on the side of conservatism. So what I would say is the mix is very favorable in this period of time, between our various businesses, within Adhesives and in terms of the part systems mix as you typically see in the first quarter. So that part system space will change over time and we will be hopeful that well start to see more of the product assembly, orders come back later in the year, s that will have an effect as well. But from a spending standpoint, we do get the impact of the merit increases and some benefit costs increases in this quarter and that is part of what you are seeing right here.
Greg Thaxton: Yes. And Kevin, this is Greg. Id just say it on the spending side. So absorbing the full year effect if you will of the new hires last year and our typical merit increase, guess this is a spending base. I think this is a pretty consistent level that youll see going forward. Clearly if the revenue line is growing at a faster pace, youre going to see some appreciation and spend that kind of moves with revenue, but this is a pretty good base to assume going forward.
Kevin Maczka: Got it and can you say a little bit more, I guess on the flip side about the Industrial Coating margin. We had similar revenue here as we did a year ago, but much lower margin. I may have missed it, but was there a big mix issue here, which was a negative whereas Adhesives was a positive?
Mike Hilton: Yes, let me just comment on that Kevin. I would say there is a modest mix issue, but more of the volume being off a significant leverage here. So theres probably about a point thats associated year-over-year, with just sort of volume being lower. Our merit increases and benefits relate to pensions from other post retirement kind of issues, had a couple of point impacts. So I guess sort of three points there that are sort of year-over-year. And then there is two percentage points that were largely, again high as last year, at the second half of last year for strategic initiatives, primarily in two areas emerging markets. So think about that as places like China, Brazil, particularly to support our tiering strategies there and some product development activities around new technology, so thats sort of another couple of percent, so that sort of explains I think the key differences there. But volume more than mix was an impact in the first quarter and in the other two as I described.
Kevin Maczka: Got it. Mike, I know you dont guide margins explicitly, but I mean given everything you just said, should we be thinking that the full year margin in that business can approach what you just did in 2011 or given that we start the year at 500 points, in the whole that is kind of not realistic.
Mike Hilton: It really comes down to what are we going to see from the volume perspective. As you know, weve taken a lot of cost out and weve got a little bit back here with the specific structured initiatives that we think in the long term will drive considerable growth in the business. But if we see the volume come back we should see volume leverage translate into significant margin improvement and our hope is that well start to see some of the systems orders pick up in that business as we get into the next few months and beyond. Typically budgets get approved in January and orders start to get led beyond that and I wouldnt say that bid activity is very solid in that business. So were helpful that we are going to see that come back and maybe assuming that the global economic environment delivers a 2.5% or so, we should see positive volume that would then translate into margin improvement and leverage. So we are hopeful that well get back to the kind of margins to our own goals for this business.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Brady: Hey, good morning guys.
Mike Hilton: Good morning Charlie.
Charles Brady: Well, with respect to Adhesive Dispensing, can we just get the mix of parts just for that segment? I know you gave it out from the company as a whole.
Mike Hilton: Its not too different. Id say the mix effect has probably been less the part systems piece in that business and more for example packaging and less product assembly. I think as we described in the past, product assembly tends to be more engineered from a systems standpoint and so theres more sort of SG&A support to get that right and that is why the orders havent come through at this point and packaging has been pretty solid. So its been more of a mix there. Overall parts and systems is probably slightly higher.
Greg Thaxton: Yes Charlie, consistent with what weve said in previous quarters, Adhesives tends to be slightly higher, but again the range between that segment and the others is very narrow. So total company was in that 49% and Adhesives was about 50% Id say.
Charles Brady: Okay thanks. Thats helpful. And then if we look at the orders, the 12-weeks you gave, I wonder if we can get a sense of what the order run rate looked at the end of the quarter given that the Chinese New Year came right towards the end of the quarter and you said youve seen an acceleration. I am just trying to I guess really gauge the velocity of acceleration coming out of Chinese New Year?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say while its up its not a dramatic change. What I was trying to describe is you have three months there, November, December and January and you can think about the first part of January slowing prior to the New Year and then coming out of that, stepping up, because your really only talking about a week coming out of the New Year. So not a lot of data, but I would say we are encouraged by what we are seeing from bid activity and orders.
Charles Brady: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner with CJS Securities.
Jason Ursaner: Good morning.
Mike Hilton: Hi Jason.
Jason Ursaner: Greg, on the 61.5 gross margin for next quarter, whats the assumption you are building in there for mix and traditionally how does the second quarter compared to the back half of the year from a systems parts point of view?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, typically as we move through the year, you might expect to see some dilution in the gross margin as the volume that comes into the business tends to be more of a systems based than spare parts. So you tend to see some dilution as you move from first quarter in towards the back half of the year. Of course, its also dependent upon what the segment growth rates are and then the product line growths within the segments, so we dont have generally a wide variation as it is in our business, but you do tend to see some dilution as you move from quarter one through end of quarter four. Theres a slight impact in our first quarter and that we had about $2.2 million of one-time purchase accounting charges that did hit cost of goods sold, that goes away next quarter, but generally you dont have a very broad swing throughout the year, there is some dilution effect.
Mike Hilton: And what your seeing and what we will expect is sort of the volume leverage thats coming on, as the second quarter sets up to offset the dilution and kind of hold the number in a tight range.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about the key currencies that impact the revenue translation and then from a cost perspective, how close are you to matching costs, so that you dont see a leverage effect on margin?
Greg Thaxton: Yes Jason, its Greg. The key currency is first the euro and then the yen. From a cost perspective, we have gotten more balanced than we were say five years ago in trying to match those costs, but we do have still our primary exposure against the euro.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And on the share repurchase, I know you re-upped it a couple of times. What do you have left on the authorization at this point?
Mike Hilton: Yes, as of today we have about $15 million left under our existing authorization.
Jason Ursaner: Okay, and then just a last question; you guys had a board member who I guess was a member of the family who retired in February. What do you see as the Nord family involvement going forward at this point?
Mike Hilton: So we have a proxy out right now, where we have two proposed new directors for the Board, neither of which is a family member. So at this point, we dont anticipate a Nord family member being on the Board in the near term going forward. Obviously, they still own across the family a significant number of shares and we treat them like any other significant large investor in terms of what we communicate, nothing different than we communicate publicly to others, but in terms of participation on the Board, at least for the near term, theres not a family member on the Board.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the commentary.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Liptak with Barrington Research.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks and good morning.
Mike Hilton: Good morning Walt.
Greg Thaxton: Hey Walt.
Walter Liptak: I want to ask a follow-on too about the second quarter guidance. Are you expecting another charge in the second quarter?
Greg Thaxton: No Walt, we have  its about $300,000 of remaining charges for the Atlanta restructuring, but its not significant.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. And just a follow-up on the discussion about the laptop and desktop market for the electronic segment, what percentage of sales is that? My understanding is that was fairly small, but maybe its larger than I thought.
Mike Hilton: Yes, if you look at it, sort of mobile and general is probably a third of the electronics part of the businesses which is within Advanced Technology and sort of the more typical laptop, desktop, server piece is also about a third and then the last third is a combination of some of the niche markets like NANDs, LEDs, solar and an array of other smaller markets, so its not insignificant Walt.
Walter Liptak: Okay, and thats you mentioned x-ray inspections, surface prop, those are primarily the kind of products that are used in desktop, laptop?
Mike Hilton: Yes, they play across all, including the mobile piece, but if you look at the mix of that business, it might be a little bit more towards the things like the treatment of PC boards and some of the bond testing and so forth, that might be more typical of what you see in a desktop or a laptop.
Walter Liptak: Well, I understand, so thered be some ASYMTEK that would be in there.
Mike Hilton: Yes.
Walter Liptak: At least for laptop, desktop, okay. Okay and just switching gears to Value Plastics, did you say that 4% of total company sales was related to the acquisition or was it 4% of the Advanced Tech segment?
Greg Thaxton: Weve got two acquisitions Walt that are impacting as we look at the first year effect. Weve got both the Verbruggen acquisition that falls within the Adhesive segment and then Value Plastics that falls within the Advanced Technology segment.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Can you break out the revenue between both of those?
Greg Thaxton: Well, what we talked about when we acquired those businesses that revenue in Value Plastics was kind of $26 million, $27 million and Verbruggen was in the $10 million range on an annual basis.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Well, I guess my question is on Value Plastics, what kind of growth are you seeing out of it? I know its early, you havent owned it that long, but how is it performing?
Mike Hilton: So, we are on track with our plan for the year Walt. I think the areas that are encouraging Id say are kind of some new products that we are introducing, so we are encouraged by that. We have some good plans in place to expand geographically and to expand in the industrial space, but it will take some time for those to play out and probably a more modest impact this year, but we are generally encouraged about what we see in that business, relative to what we thought.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And then switching again just to cost out, my understating was that outside of the planned consolidation that there was more corporate initiatives and I wonder if you can provide us with any metrics of SG&A or what those initiatives are and how those are tracking?
Mike Hilton: Yes. So in the category of sort of overall supply chain optimization we talked a lot about Adhesives and our Atlanta activity, but we are doing some things more modestly in Europe. We mentioned before that we are expanding in China in our Tech space and well have some benefits that play out next year, associated with better matching supply and demand. We are moving some things around that will help. Weve got initiatives around what I call pricing and margin enhancement that are based on segmentation work, some of that is simplifying the portfolio, some of that is selectively moving prices. We are doing some work on our new product development activity there, geared mainly to free up more resources to do more development. This year we are taking a look at our overall logistics approach and spending and what we do there. There is some structuring from a Advanced Tech standpoint in Asia that we are looking at that could have some benefit, so our point was weve got some bigger projects that we are looking at that will play out over the next couple of years and at the same time sort of reenergizing our day-to-day improvement by adding tools like Sigma to our strong and lien foundation and so were getting some traction on some smaller activities there that will build over time. So weve got a good pipeline of larger activities thatll play out over the next couple of three years. What youre hearing from us is there are some spending on the front end, either because theres some restructuring that we need to do or because were getting some help and working through our approaches to manage these things and well see benefits coming forward. We mentioned the Adhesive benefits should start to flow through in the second half of the year; the technology supply chain piece is probably more of a 2013. Again, well see some modest benefit from pricing and margin enhancement this year and more to come in the out years and some of those other initiatives will layer in beyond that. So, we feel pretty good about having a robust portfolio of options there.
Walter Liptak: Okay, and I can follow-up with you on that one, but can you give us an idea of corporate expense for the rest of the year?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Well, I think corporate expense in the quarter was about $8 million. Thats probably a good number to assume going forward, of course depending upon how robustly the top line grows. Youll see some associated increase in that, but as a base number, thats a good number to go with.
Walter Liptak: Okay, and if you dont mind, just one last one. Someone mentioned LED and I wonder if you can just give us an update on where we would mask commercialization? Is the revenue growing? What kind of revenue are you generating at this point?
Mike Hilton: Yes, I would say thats still pretty modest. We are still in the kind of the sample equipment out there, supporting the technology development. 2012 looked like more continued on that path and we look to see a ramp start in 2013; thats kind of the high-level industry projection and thats what we are seeing at the moment. We are seeing nice activity and we talked about last time in the NANDs sort of niche market, everything from industrial to medical, automation, to the auto industry starting to improve and increase its use of those items, as well as obviously the Smartphones, tablets etcetera, helping drive that, so that right now is pretty flat.
Walter Liptak: Okay great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville: Just a quick follow-up on share repo. Greg you mentioned you had $15 million left as of today, so could you also give us your share count as of today, and then will you guys seek to go back to the Board and reload that in a similar fashion to what you did actually not too long ago.
Greg Thaxton: Yes Matt, I dont have the share count number as of today. We can get back to you on that, but in terms of going back to the Board, I think just fundamentally its good to have an authorization in place on an ongoing basis. We want to continue to look to offset the dilution effect of benefits and have the opportunity to be opportunistic when the time may present itself. So I think its just good practice to have an authorization in play. So should we consume the capacity of this particular authorization, I would expect that we would be approaching the Board for another authorization.
Mike Hilton: If you look at some of our priorities and use of cash, we clearly want to support our economic growth and some of the improvement initiatives that we have underway and we obviously will want to continue to support our dividend approach and our strategy of increasing that over time and would like to add the acquisitions that make sense to the portfolio. Weve said in the past that we had also balanced the timing and the opportunities there with perhaps a more opportunistic as Greg said, and aggressive approach to share repurchase. So I think thats something well always, as Greg said, want to have in terms of options available.
Greg Thaxton: And Matt, just to comment on the outstanding shares. At the end of the quarter, what I can say is we had 65,065,000 outstanding and then common share and common share equivalence was 65,627,000.
Matt Summerville: And then Mike, maybe since you brought up the topic of M&A, kind of where are you with M&A kind of going forward? What does your pipeline look like? Are you looking to deal similar to Value Plastics? Are you looking for deals  I guess when I say that, Ill say more generally, in the medical life sciences, biomaterial type area and if transactions in your pipeline are similar in size, similar in multiple, can you just kind of update us on that?
Mike Hilton: Yes, what I would say is, as we said before, four areas that we are interested in. We certainly have mentioned that doing more in the flexible packaging space is something that we are interested in and Verbruggen was the first step there to kind of get our feet wet and we are looking at other opportunities in that space and they are kind of more typical industrial kind of multiples. Weve also said that between Adhesives and coatings there is an area we call cold materials, but its a more viscous fluid deposition that might be more product line additions to things that we already do today, again, more of an industrial play that we are interested in. We have mentioned more in the testing and inspection space, electronics and closely adjacent and probably thats more of a electronics or technology kind of multiple space. On the medical side we are looking at dispense, so more like Micromedics and we are looking at components like Value Plastics and to a lesser extent Id say high value contract manufacturing. But I think in the near term we are probably looking at more things that would be kind of complementary and roll up in a fragmented area in there and those tend to be higher multiple in the medical space. So we are looking across that portfolio. Id say we have a pretty robust portfolio, but you cant count on the timing when anything is necessarily going to come through and so thats I think where share repurchase comes in as a nice balance.
Matt Summerville: Great.
Greg Thaxton: And Id just add to that comment. From an organic growth opportunity, one area of focus kind of across the segments is the opportunity to have a larger play in what we would call the mid-tier spaces of our end market. So where you generalized, we are very good and have a very strong presence in what you call the top tier of the products, particularly in emerging markets. We think there is a growth opportunity in a tier just below that, that might require new product development efforts and some investments on our part, but we think there is a good growth opportunity in those spaces and there could be some technology that gets acquired there or some capability thats acquired there that complements organic development.
Matt Summerville: Thanks Mike. Thanks Greg.
Mike Hilton: Operator, we probably have time for about one more question.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charles Brady: Just sneaking a follow-up here into the wire. Just can you remind us on the Advanced Tech side of the business, you guys arent heavily weighted towards one major manufacturer, like Apple or Samsung or Nokia then any others, is that correct?
Mike Hilton: There is nobody that has more than sort of 5% of our business, but there are certain customers that we feel pretty good about being part of their supply chain and they are sizable customers, so there is nobody more than sort of 5% from a revenue standpoint of the business.
Charles Brady: Got you and then just on the supply chain in general, are you seeing any raw material shortages or bottlenecks in the supply chain right now?
Mike Hilton: As it relates to our equipment, no. I think youve heard from some of the PC manufacturers that theyve had some hard drive issues related to the Thailand floods that have affected them. I think Intel called that out; I think HP called that out; I think Dell called that out, so there is probably some impact on the ultimate demand there. We are not seeing anything as it relates to materials that will support our equipment.
Charles Brady: Thank you.
Mike Hilton: Okay.
Operator: And now Ill turn the call back over to Jim Jaye for closing comments.
Jim Jaye: Thank you Kevin and thank you all for attending our call today. Ill be available throughout the day if you want to send an email or call me with any other questions and as always, I appreciate your interest in Nordson. Thanks for attending.
Mike Hilton: Thank you.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-12-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Nordson Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2011 webcast and conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Shannon. This is Jim Jaye and Im here with Mike Hilton, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Wed like to welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 15, 2011 on Nordsons fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2011 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Thursday, December 22, by calling 855-859-2056. You will need to reference ID number 33011535. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks, we'll have a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike for an overview of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 results and a bit about Nordsons future outlook. Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Hilton: Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for attending Nordsons fourth quarter 2011 conference call. We delivered strong performance in the fourth quarter to conclude what was truly an outstanding year for Nordson. I want to thank our customers for their business and our entire global team for continuing to execute at an extremely high level. In addition to our comments on the quarter and full year today, we will also provide some perspective relative to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Let me begin by offering some highlights on the fourth quarter. Our success continues to be driven by focusing on what we do best: delivering value to our customers. We continue to meet their needs better than anyone else through innovative technology, applications expertise, a highly effective direct and sales and service model and our global capability. Sales grew by 14% in the quarter over the previous year with double-digit improvement in all three segments and every geography. We matched this strong top line growth with continued emphasis on operating efficiency to deliver operating margins at 25% in the quarter excluding non-recurring items. Sales, operating profit, net income and diluted earnings per share all exceeded the levels of the fourth quarter a year ago and all records for any fourth quarter. Other highlights in the quarter included the increase of our dividend for the 48th consecutive year, a continuation of our share repurchase program, and the acquisition of Value Plastics, a high-performing company that is an ideal addition to the Nordson portfolio. On a full-year basis, sales grew to 1.2 billion, an increase of 18% over 2010. We leveraged the increased of sales with more efficient global organization, deliver operating margins of 26%, a full 300 basis points higher than the very strong levels a year ago. Overall sales, operating profit, net income and diluted earnings per share all exceeded our previous full-year records. In terms of our outlook, organic order trends over the last 12 weeks were off slightly, down about 3% from a very strong period of recovery in the same 12-week period a year ago. Clearly, some end markets and geographies have been impacted by the near-term economic uncertainty resulting in a slower start to our fiscal year than we would normally would expect. Still, the fundamentals of our business are strong, and we anticipate better year-over-year performance as the year progresses for several reasons which Ill describe later in the call. But before that, let me turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer wholl provide more detailed commentary on our fourth quarter and full year 2011 financial results as well as some comments on our guidance for the first quarter of 2012. Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Thank you, Mike, and good morning to everyone. As Mike noted, our financial results for the fourth quarter were very strong. With sales in the quarter up 14% over the prior year, including an 8% increase in organic volume and a 3% increase from acquisitions with the remainder coming from positive currency translation effects. The adhesive dispensing segment delivered sales volume improvement of 10% over the prior years fourth quarter, inclusive of 2% acquisitive growth, with growth in most all product lines and most pronounced in packaging and non-woven end markets. We experienced robust organic sales volume growth in all geographies except the US which was impacted by the timing of some larger dollar system sales in prior year comparisons. Sales volume in the Advanced Technology segment was up 14%, inclusive of 7% acquisitive growth in the fourth quarter over the prior year. Growth was strongest in our automated and manual dispensing product lines and was positive in all geographies. We also delivered significant growth in our Industrial Coating segment where sales volume improved by 10% over the prior years fourth quarter. This growth was strongest in our automotive and powder coating product lines and by region, was strongest in the US, Asia Pacific and the Americas. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was 59.3% in line with our guidance, and 60 basis points over the prior year due to a lower cost structure and better absorption. From an operating perspective, we continued to perform at a very high level and delivered reported operating margin of 24% in the quarter or 25%, excluding onetime charges for short-term purchase accounting and restructuring charges recorded in the fourth quarter. Operating profit increased to $79 million from $73 million in the prior year. Excluding one-time charges in both years, operating profit increased 13% over the prior year to $84 million. On a segment basis, all three segments continued to perform at a very high level as a result of our more efficient cost structure and our continuous improvement initiatives. Excluding onetime charges in the quarter that impact both the Adhesive Dispensing and Advanced Technology segments, operating margin was 34% in Adhesive Dispensing, 25% in Advanced Technology, and 15% in Industrial Coating. Ill note that the Industrial Coating margin as compared to this years third quarter margin is reflective of strong growth in our powder product line, particularly engineered systems that tend to carry lower gross margins than other product lines within this segment. Nevertheless, we are very pleased to have sustained this mid- to high-teens level of operating margin performance over the last three quarters. Continuing down the income statement, reported net income for the quarter is $55 million or 17% of sales. And fourth quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.81, the strongest fourth quarter performance in company history. As in previous quarters, we've included an earnings per share reconciliation schedule in our earnings press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items. Earnings per share, excluding one-time items in both years, increased 15% over the prior year fourth quarter to $0.86 per share. The current quarters EBITDA was $88 million and fourth quarter free cash flow before dividends was a strong $61 million or 111% of the quarters net income, representing very strong cash conversion. As an additional comment regarding cash flow in the quarter, we continued to demonstrate our ability to fund multiple strategic initiatives. We remain active in our share repurchase program as we bought $92 million of shares during the quarter. An additional $8 million was returned directly to shareholders during the quarter in the form of dividends and as Mike noted earlier, we completed the acquisition of Value Plastics. Our balance sheet remains very strong with net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of well under 1 and sufficient capacity for strategic investments. Ill provide just a few comments on our full year performance where sales reached $1.2 billion, an increase of 18% over the previous year. Growth consisted of a 15% increase in organic volume and a 3% increase from favorable currency translation. Growth related to the first year effective acquisitions, less sales associated with divested product lines in 2010, was less than 1%. Excluding one- time items in both years, earnings per share were $3.27 in 2011 compared to $2.32 in 2010, an increase of 41%. Operating margin for the year was 26%, an improvement of 300 basis points over the strong level of 2010. Full year EBITDA was $350 million up 32% increase over fiscal 2010 and free cash before dividends was $227 million or 102% of net income, again, reflective of strong cash conversion. As a final point relative to fiscal 2011, I would like to mention two specific lean metrics that are illustrative of our strong performance. Based on average head count during the year, sales per employee and operating profit per employee were up 12% and 27% respectively, as compared to the prior year which was also a very strong year from an operating performance perspective. These measures reflect our continued focus on performance improvement initiatives, as well as our global teams ability to execute. Before moving on to our first quarter outlook, Ill provide comments on recent order trends. As we typically do, we have provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis, with our press release. These orders are for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency-neutral basis with acquisitions included in both periods. Looking at orders for the 12 weeks ending December 4th, 2011, they are down 3% compared to the same 12 weeks in the prior year. On an annualized run rate basis, current 12 week orders were $1.2 billion. Within the Adhesive Dispensing segment, orders are flat to the prior year, where growth and product lines serving consumer non-durable end-markets is offset by softness in general product assembly systems sold into durable end markets. This is most pronounced in Europe. Advanced Technology orders over the latest 12 weeks are down 6% from the prior year, where order growth in the automated and manual dispensed product lines is being offset by softening demand in surface treatment and test-and-inspection product lines. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 1% as compared to the prior year. Solid growth in Asia Pacific and the Americas was muted by softness in other regions, particularly in the powder systems product line. This segment in particular is tied to manufacturers of durable goods where capital good budgets for purchasing our larger-dollar engineered systems are often approved after the first of the calendar year. Turning now to the outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2012, were forecasting sales to be in the range of $270 million to $281 million. This outlook reflects sales growth in the range of flat to plus 4% as compared to the first quarter a year ago and is inclusive of 3% growth from the first year effect of acquisitions and an additional 1% currency translation benefit based on the current exchange rate environment. This would put organic sales down about 2% at the midpoint of this range which is in line with current order trends. We expect gross margin to be about 61% in the quarter, inclusive of about $2 million of short-term purchase accounting charges in the quarter and operating margin to be approximately 20% for the quarter at the midpoint or 21% excluding the short-term purchase accounting charge and 600,000 for previously announced restructuring charges related to our Adhesive Dispensing segment. We are forecasting a 30% effective tax rate for the quarter resulting in estimated earnings per share for the first quarter of $0.54 to $0.61 per share, inclusive of the $0.03 and nonrecurring charges I just mentioned. In addition to this first quarter outlook, the following fiscal 2012 full-year data points maybe helpful for financial modeling purposes. We estimate maintenance CapEx for fiscal 2012 to be approximately $25 million or 2% of fiscal 2011 revenue. Ill also highlight that we will have some facility capital spending associated primarily with our adhesive restructuring activities in Georgia where we are consolidating from four facilities into two. Although we do expect the proceeds from buildings that will be sold to mostly offset facility spending, this may not all occur within the same quarter. In terms of our effective tax rate, were forecasting a full year effective tax rate to be about 30% assuming Congress extends the R&D tax credit for 2012. And finally regarding short-term purchase accounting charges and costs for our restructuring initiative within Adhesive Dispensing, the majority of these costs will be behind us after the first quarter with about 300,000 of restructuring charges expected to be incurred during the second quarter of FY 12. In summary, our excellent fourth quarter performance concludes a very strong year for Nordson.  Our team continued to execute at a very high level throughout the year and capture growing demand while maintaining an efficient cost structure. The fundamentals of our business model are strong and although our start to fiscal 2012 is softer than what we would otherwise expect, Im confident that our team will continue to deliver solid performance going forward.
Mike Hilton: Thanks, Greg. Before moving on to your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent order trends and outlook. While recent orders are not as strong as we would hope to see, there are some positive takeaways. First, our recent order trends put us at a full year run rate of approximately $1.2 billion or $1.1 billion excluding recent acquisitions, which is not far off the $1.2 billion (inaudible) we experienced one quarter ago. At this time of the year, its generally our soft as from an orders perspective due to the impact of holidays on plan operation and the end of the capital cycle for many of our customers. And at the same time, the macroeconomic picture is certainly impacting the current behavior of our customers. Europes debt crisis has yet to be resolved, unemployment remains stubbornly high and emerging regions continue to struggle with how to best manage growth. This ongoing uncertainty has caused some customers to take a cautious approach in the near-term. However, most economists still expect global GDP in 2012 to grow at or slightly ahead of 2011 rates reflecting the impact of monitored growth in developed markets and continued strong growth in emerging markets. This macroeconomic outlook for 2012, combined with Nordsons level of participation in emerging markets, niche applications and some still recovering end markets provides encouragement that as the year progresses; we may see more favorable comparisons to the prior year than our outlook for the first quarter. In Advanced Technology for example, our solutions are critical to niches like smartphones, tablets, notebook, PCs, flat panel televisions, where strong growth is being forecast. Technology trends like flip chips and more complex wafer packaging architectures play to our strength. Growth is also forecast in areas such as LEDs and MEMS where Nordson already has a solid foothold and room to expand.  Weve also expanded our presence in the medical space with the acquisitions of Value Plastics and MICROMEDICS which should provide additional growth and stability. In the Industrial Coating segment, demand from manufacturers of durable goods in emerging markets continues at a solid rate. In more developed regions, near-term economic uncertainty has caused some customers to take a more cautious approach to ordering large dollar systems. And in Adhesives, consumer non-durable markets such as rigid packaging and nonwovens remain steady. While were optimistic about the balance of 2012, Nordson is well positioned to endure a macroeconomic headwind should they continue. We started off the year being very prudent from a spending perspective. Weve added some additional resources, but only to support key strategic imperatives. We are focused on continuous improvement efforts to accelerate productivity and help solidify performance. We are also adept at reacting quickly and adjusting our cost basis on a global scale, if necessary. As we begin 2012, our teams remain focused on growth and performance. Overall, our priorities are clear and largely unchanged from 2011. As a reminder, these priorities include the following: enhancing and maintaining our core business; further penetration of emerging markets through new products, application and tearing approaches; accelerating growth in market adjacencies such the medical space weve talked about in Flexible Packaging; supplementing organic growth through strategic acquisitions; ongoing optimization of our business through continuous improvement; reinvesting in technology to expand our market-leading position; and continuing to build out our global organizational capability to support this growth. Even with the slower beginning to our new fiscal year, we are optimistic about 2012. And Im confident well continue to benefit our shareholders by providing value to our customers through our applications expertise, differentiated technology and our global direct sales and service capability. Im confident in our global team, and I know that they will continue to deliver at a very high level. At this time, we would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Liam Burke with Janney Market Capital. You may begin.
Liam Burke: Greg, you mentioned in first quarter guidance 20% operating margins. Normally, that looks like about the pre-recession levels. You have been running comfortably at a 25% plus range. Could you help us what that delta is?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah, Liam. Again, there are some one-time costs in there that are suppressing that margin slightly. And I think the other aspect of it is, as we talked about, weve had some strategic investments that weve undertaken. Some of that in support of the growth in emerging markets, some of that in support of technology. Weve got some investments that were making along the lines of continuous improvement that are going to provide some benefit in the out quarters. So, generally, Id say, what were seeing is some increase in the base spending. Weve got a merit increase, of course, finding its way in there, and a fairly soft top line at this point.
Mike Hilton: You know, Liam, Id say its consistent with what weve said last year that in the second half of the year, we would pick up our spending to support strategic initiatives. You know one key one for example is moving to center gravity of our technology capability more towards Asia. So, were opening some additional centers of excellence, were expanding our manufacturing capability and what comes with that is engineering support to customize and service our customers including some of our tiering initiatives. So, these are sort of strategic imperatives that were investing in, kind of in line with what weve seen step up in the second half of the year as far as any additional increases in the first quarter. Weve been very prudent about that, but this is really in support of strategic initiatives.
Liam Burke: Well, at the risk of asking you to go beyond the first quarter, is its still your stated goal to keep those margins above 25%, or is there any way we can look at that?
Mike Hilton: Yeah, so if you look at what weve said is, and this goes back to the beginning of last year, that we felt we had an opportunity structurally, if they had a couple points to the margin and then we still feel that we can do that. Some of the things that were doing through our continuous improvement effort are continuing to structurally change the business. Weve said that the adhesive space will start to play out in the second half of this year from our supply chain optimization. And what were doing in the technology piece probably plays out in 2013. But we have a number of things that we feel on an annualized basis will continue to be in those high levels. So, we dont see this as any kind of a structural shift at all. We are seeing here is first quarter typically, is a softer quarter. Last year was a pretty strong quarter, but we had subsequently decided to make some of these strategic investments that we talked about, and we still feel that we will have margins in excess of that. We expect the top line to come back. So, this is in line with our longer-term plans, and that we dont see any reason to believe that we in the long run, will be below the kind of margins.
Greg Thaxton: Liam, might I add to the point Mike touched on there, if you think about the seasonality in our business, the first quarter is laden with a lot of holiday period and of course, that affects both our customers capital cycle as well as our spare parts revenue trends. So, typically for us, the first quarter is the softest and it builds through the year and that allows us to then capture some of that volume leverage in the margin.
Liam Burke: Great. And just quickly on orders. Europe was pretty understandable. Asia Pacific was down 11% year-over-year. Were there any large orders or any one time that occurred a year ago to affect that number?
Mike Hilton: No, not really. Let me make a couple of comments. One thing that we are hearing from Id say the broad base of customers in Asia is given that Chinese New Year has moved up a couple of weeks and falls before the end of January. A number of our customers, particularly the OEM customers that would build some of the bigger systems, basically said they are kind of delaying some of their orders to oppose that. So, you have kind of the US western holiday piece and a much earlier Chinese New Year, so there is a timing effect that some of our customers are talking to us about. But secondly from a technology perspective, on the electronics side, there is a softening on the back-end packaging and test area and most of those folks are located in Asia. And I think theyre waiting to see how the first few months of the New Year play out with the uncertainty there. And that said, the things that where we have a significant niche exposure to were still very encouraged about like smartphones, tablets, ultra books, those kinds of things. And Id say the other thing in the short term is with the things going on in Europe in particular but the slower growth in the short term in the US the export business from Asia has softened a bit. You see it in the trade numbers and thats affecting some of our broad base customers. So, the biggest impact is in technology. The next biggest impact is around sort of the timing of the Chinese New Year. But then there is some export impact we would say coming in there thats not typical.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. You may begin.
Mark Douglass: Can we talk about the restructuring youre taking in EDS right now. You touched on it briefly, but what can we expect as far as savings? Are you going to start generating some of the cost savings there in 2012 or is it going to take a little longer for those that come in? And have you quantify those yet at all?
Mike Hilton: So, let me just give you an idea Mark, of what were doing. In the US, at a high level, were moving from four manufacturing facilities to two. So, were expanding the two and shutting down two. And were realigning our business with products that need more engineering support in one location to the ones that are more standard than another location. And were doing some other things to optimize supply chain. And were making some smaller moves in Europe. Some of that helped by the acquisition of the Verbruggen business that we bought. The UST should all be wrapped up in the June timeframe. So, post June, we should start to see the benefits that come about by an approved and a lower supply chain cost there. The European piece is probably later in the year. Similarly, were doing some things in our technology business where were expanding our Suzhou facility fairly significantly. The benefits there are likely to be more of a 2013 timeframe. But these are significant enough that youll be able to notice them in the context of the improvement that we see. We havent specifically quantified the benefits out there but they all have very, very good paybacks. And thats just one element of a much broader continuous improvement activity we have underway. Were doing some things in segmentation. Were looking at our logistics cost. Were amplifying our low cost sourcing initiatives in a variety of ways. Were doing something its around new product developments. So, we have a whole slew of things that were working on thatll play out over the next two, three, four years which is why we feel confident we can continue on a long run basis to move margins up.
Mark Douglass: Can you kind of give us order magnitude? Are we talking tens of bps or hundreds of bps?
Mike Hilton: Yeah, what we said is that we hoped to get at least 200 basis points of improvement in the margin through these activities. And we continue to find new ones so well continue to challenge ourselves to push that beyond that, but we hope to get at least, on ongoing basis, 200 basis points of expansion.
Mark Douglass: But thats up for a couple of years, right?
Mike Hilton: Yes. Its going to phase in. Were going to see each of these things phase in as we continue to do it. And were not stopping there. Were looking for other opportunities. Were, I wanted to say, turbo charging our lean Six Sigma activity to drive the improvement culture thats already strong at Nordson even further.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then, again kind of looking past 1Q, do you feel pretty confident that keeping gross margins above 60%, assuming theres not huge drop off in
Mike Hilton: Yeah, we think were at a good level there and yeah, we feel pretty confident in that kind of gross margin performance. And I think, as Greg said, as the volume ramps up, well floss at the strategic spend at the technology and emerging market sales resource level to leverage that to the bottom line.
Mark Douglass: And where are you at now with the parts replacements as a percentage of sales?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah. The total in the quarter was about 43%. Thats trending about 1 percentage point higher than the third quarter. Some of that is associated with the volume from acquisition. So, if I took the recent acquisition of Value Plastics out, it was about 42%. Its 43% with that partial quarter end.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets. You may begin.
Charlie Brady: Just going back to the Asia Pacific region, can you talk about what if any impact that Thailand flooding is having on the impact in this quarter and into whats your seeing going into Q1 and Q2?
Mike Hilton: Its not really have a big impact in this quarter. There may be some modest upside on some replacement units that might play out over the next quarter or two, but it really hasnt had a big impact. Customers have been pretty adapted moving production out of places and weve participated in that.
Charlie Brady: Yeah. And then just going back on the parts mix question, can you split it out just to the Adhesive Dispensing business?
Mike Hilton: I think weve said in the past, Charlie, thats been pretty consistent with the overall number, maybe slightly higher than the overall number. Im not sure. Greg is looking to see if he has something here. We typically havent disclosed the individual piece.
Greg Thaxton: Yeah.
Mike Hilton: Typically, its slightly higher.
Greg Thaxton: It is. Its slightly higher. There isnt a broad range really between the three segments. But Adhesive tends to track up slightly above the corporate average.
Charlie Brady: Did you not have some large systems going through shipping this quarter and in the next quarter that would have altered that mix? So, Im wondering if the mix is still at an average or fully above-average level despite large systems going through this quarter.
Greg Thaxton: No, its a pretty consistent average in that segment, Charlie.
Charlie Brady: Okay. Any update on LED market and the LCD market?
Mike Hilton: I would say from an LED perspective, we went through a period of, on the TV side, kind of absorbing excess capacity. I think were starting to see a bit of the early phase of penetration on the lighting side. So, were encouraged, particularly that the lighting side is going to pick up in the next several years. And I think, as weve talked about in the past, weve got equipment out to all the major suppliers there and were working with them on some technology investment. Second was on the LCD?
Greg Thaxton: Yeah.
Mike Hilton: On the flat panel, I think weve gone through a fairly tough period this year and we think were going to get back to kind of more normalized growth going forward into next year. Obviously, the consumer spending in the West has an impact on that, and so Europe continues to be soft. There may be some impact there. Id say one area thats really kind of taking off as a bright spot for us is in the MEMS area, where weve got particularly a lot of sensor technology that goes into the mobile devices, accelerometers, drivers, scopes those kinds of things that with the push on and not only tablets, smartphones, but now the sort of whole line of ultrabooks that are starting to come out that should be encouraging for us.
Charlie Brady: All right. I wondered if you could just speak to the M&A strategy. It sounds as though over the past 12 months, maybe its become a bit more focused  that it sounds as though youve got some pretty specific ideas of where you want to go, how you want to proceed on the M&A relative to maybe historically what the direction of the company has been?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I think thats fair, Charlie. We, historically I would say, have been kind of opportunistic and episodic and thats not a criticism, thats just saying we do a couple of acquisitions and then digest them and five years later we do a couple more. And they generally, were in areas that made sense for us, but weve gone back and looked at sort of four areas that we thought were good areas for us to focus on because they were close to what we do today, that we think we understand the markets and we think there is a good technology position, we think there is leadership opportunities and in some cases we think its fragmented where there potentially could be opportunities for organic share growth. So, those areas and adjunct for Adhesives, as in the flexible packaging space, thats plastic packaging, and thats where Verbruggen fits in. But there is some other things that well look at there. In our technology space, weve talked about medical and thats around dispensing and thats around the components and some selected areas of manufacturing. In the electronic space, were still interested in broadening our footprint in the test inspection area and there are some things that are kind of clear adjuncts to what we do today. And then in the Coating segment, there is an area that kind of bridges Coatings and Adhesives around cold material dispensing. You think about that as silicones in one or two component mixtures. And those are kind of the four areas at the moment that we have interest in and were trying to build up sort of the proprietary deal flow there and were looking at a number of opportunities say, with the noise in the marketplace from an macro-economic standpoint in the last few months, some folks that might have been interested in moving on or pulling back a little bit and so we could go through a period here of a couple of quarters where people are waiting to see how the economy plays out because theyre worried about valuations or theyre worried about what happens to their earnings or whatever and were looking at that closely, as well.
Charlie Brady: All right. A couple of points I think I missed it. Can you just give me again the volume growth ex acquisitions for Adhesive Dispensing and Advanced Tech? And also in your guidance, are you embedding about $600,000 of restructuring in the first quarter in Adhesives?
Greg Thaxton: Correct. On the latter point, Charlie and so youre talking about fourth quarter?
Charlie Brady: Yes, fourth quarter organic growth ex acquisitions for Adhesives and Advanced Tech?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, so let me go back to that. So, Adhesives had volume improvement of 10%, and that included about 2% acquisitive growth. Advanced Technology, sales volume was 14% and that included about 7% acquisitive growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Maczka with BB&T Capital Markets. You may begin.
Kevin Maczka: Greg, I may have missed it, but did you quantify on the strategic investment youre making in Q1? Did you quantify that at all or could you? And can you talk about the timing? Did you say that thats mostly done after Q1 or is that something that continues throughout the year to fund your continuous improvement and other initiatives?
Greg Thaxton: Yes. Kevin, so the comment there is on SG&A, right? And so, what weve said there is a couple of components. If you look at SG&A levels as compared to our fourth quarter and our third quarter, theyre less than quarter four, primarily because quarter four has some kind of year-end volume-related accruals that hit SG&A. If you look at the spend as to where we were trending in in Q3 of 2011, its pretty much in line. So, what were saying there is during 2011 is when we made some of these investments. Some of it is R&D-related. Some of it is investment in growing out our operations in emerging markets. Its people-related. So, I think that spending is in the P&L. Well continue to make some of those decisions going forward. But I wouldnt suggest that youd expect to see a big step-up from where we are now.
Michael Hilton: And it is a step-up from last years first quarter for several reasons, Kevin. One is the merit increases for the first quarter and then in the second half of the year, as we kind of telegraph all the way along, we were going to support some step-up in some strategic initiatives. So, this is not back office. This is focused commercial resource just to drive emerging market growth at some specific technology investments to introduce the next levels of technology across our businesses. And then it is to support some of the sort of supply chain restructuring and other things that were doing from a continuous improvement that well benefit over the next several years. So, there is some rough fund investment there. But thats really been in the P&L since the second half of last year. It looks a little more historic here on a year-on-year comparison because it wasnt in Q1 last year and didnt have merit increases in Q1.
Greg Thaxton: Well, weve got the entities that weve acquired that were not in Q1. There is some FX increase in spending quarter-over-quarter and then, of course, the restructuring charges in the quarter.
Michael Hilton: Right, so, in terms of run rate, what we said is the spending for those key strategic initiatives were in. There is some other things that wed like to do this year but we made the decision in Q1, were not doing them in Q1. We want to see how the year plays out and if the year proves like we hoped that it will, then there is certain selected others that will look to add some resources. But well also see the top line that comes with that, they will be leveraged significantly to the bottom line. So, were being prudent.
Kevin Maczka: Okay. So, I think if I understood all that right, youre saying some of these investments youre making, youve already made in the (inaudible) in there, they continue into Q1 but they dont step up dramatically from what weve seen in Q3 and Q4.
Michael Hilton: Correct.
Kevin Maczka: But that is the key driver, if you will, of the step down in margin to 21%.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, thats about it, Yes, thats correct. Yes. Its fast, and then when you flow through some merit increase and again, were looking at what generally is our softest quarter, so with that volume spend increase thats suppressing the margins.
Michael Hilton: Yes and quite frankly, we were hoping for more top line growth and whats going on in Europe is not helping that in the short term. And the U.S. hasnt helped that in the short term. So, we havent quite got as much top line as we hoped but were more optimistic as the year goes on.
Kevin Maczka: Got it and I didnt hear you really point to mix as a driver of any even short-term margin compression. Is there anything going on with mix that might weigh on that Q1 margin as well?
Michael Hilton: No. You look at gross margins there pretty strong and in line with the prior year, in fact, ahead of prior year, even inclusive of the short-term purchase accounting thats in the quarter. So, gross margins are pretty strong. Its really an element of the trended SG&A and a softer first quarter top line.
Kevin Maczka: Got it and then, coming back to the order commentary, you pointed the macro uncertainty there thats fairly obvious, weve got a softer seasonal period right now. Is the macro uncertainty presumably will stay with us for a while, but is your message on orders that we ought to see them accelerate from here as we come out of this seasonal softer period or that we ought to continue to see some negative numbers here given whats going on in the world?
Michael Hilton: So, Ill only make a couple of comments there. What I would say is in most regions, the bid activity is still pretty strong. What weve mentioned last quarter is we started to see particularly in the bigger systems orders like coatings and our product assembly and Adhesives, customers delaying to commit to make that investment. We saw that continue in this quarter and if things remain soft, we could see that continuing going forward. But our teams are encouraged by a couple of things. There is level of bid activity that we see in most areas and some of these niche opportunities that we play in. I think one of the things we are seeing this year though combined with that macro piece is the early Chinese New Year in Asia in particular. Our customers have notably pointed out to us that theyre just waiting to get through that early Chinese New Year and not really stepping up their buys till after that, so that is a timing issue particularly in Asia. And then, further to your comment, Kevin, there is just a natural the holiday impact in our order rates. When we think about seasonality, this tends to be the soft quarter.
Kevin Maczka: Right. Okay and then finally from me, I think your pricing is normally fairly stable and strong. Is that still the case as youve seen some negative numbers on orders here or has anything changed in that front at all?
Michael Hilton: No, pricing is solid.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Summerville with KeyBanc. You may begin.
Matt Summerville: First, with regards to your business in Europe, are you seeing any issues at the customer level in their ability to get financing at this point? Have they brought that up to you as a reason to maybe theyre pushing stuff off or is that not really hit the radar screen as of yet?
Michael Hilton: No, I would say thats a good comment, Matt. I would say the smaller and medium size customers are bringing that up. It could be that thats a real issue or it could be that youre just talking about that in context of general uncertainty, but the small and medium customers particularly the ones that would buy some of the bigger systems are bringing that up as a concern in the short-term.
Matt Summerville: And then, if you look at your order rates being down 3%, can you maybe comment on the linearity of that rate or the volatility maybe that youve seen? Is there a tremendous amount of up and down from week to week there, given whats going on in the environment that orders start out the 12-week period at a better year-over-year rate and ended at a not as good year-over-year rate? Can you help fill in those blanks?
Michael Hilton: Yes, I would say that each week is a little different. So, there is not necessarily a direct pattern there because it can be influenced by a big system shift in one week and not in another. But I wouldnt say that we saw something that started out strong and a steady decline. We are anticipating a softer, kind of tail end of January in Asia because of that early Chinese New Year that we wouldnt have expected last year. But I would say, no, we dont have a pattern that we would point to here. What we would say is the areas where we have the, sort of, bigger cost items, so product assembly and adhesives, some of the powder coating systems areas, those are areas where weve typically would slow towards the end of the year as the capital from the prior year on a calendar basis is being spent. Were seeing that, but were also seeing people delay, making the buy decision and I think thats a function of the economic uncertainty.
Matt Summerville: And then, as we think about, kind of your comments in the press release about things improving on a year-over-year basis, comps getting positive again as the year goes on, that sorts of gets back to a previous question, I guess. As youre talking to your customers and youre looking at some stuff maybe pushing out, you look at the Chinese New Year dynamic as you mentioned, I guess when, it sounds to me like itll probably be a little tough to see volume and earnings growth in the second quarter. And I dont want to put words in your mouth, Mike but is it more that you guys are looking for those comps to begin to turn positive in the back half of your fiscal year? And then if we can work into that which adds another sort of dimension of complicates it a little bit, FX has been very volatile. How much of a hit could that be for you guys this year if current rates would be maintained?
Michael Hilton: Okay. So, Ill let Greg talk about that second one in a minute. The way we kind of look at things, if you step back and weve done some look at sort of global GDP and what do we think we should expect from global GDP going forward. In the European region, were talking like a point plus or minus. In the U.S., its probably one-and-a-half to two. In the broader emerging market, its probably four to five and in China, its probably eight to nine. When you add that all up, you get kind of two-and-a-half or three global basis which is not too different from what we saw this year. But when you think about this global GDP forecast and if theyre right, theyd strengthen as you go through the year. I say, if you look at our sort of order patterns, people get their budgets in place for our Coatings business sort of in the first fiscal quarter, so we start to see the orders get strong second and third quarter and into the fourth quarter. We see the second tail end of the second and third quarter being a strong quarter. Its typically on the tech side and we tend to be more steady in the Adhesive space other than that sort of general product assembly which probably follows more along the lines of what we see from a Coatings perspective. So, our typical pattern as we would expect for things to get stronger throughout the year, but we dont have a good feel for is how long is the overhang, for example, of Europe and the debt situation there are going to impact the year. If the sort of macro forecasters are right, we should have a similar year to the last year in terms of the macro environment which probably means that its stronger in the second half than it is in the first half.
Greg Thaxton: Matt, just a comment on currency. As you know, we benefit from a weak dollar and certainly had some tailwind in 2011. Weve guided to some slightly favorable tailwind in our first quarter of 2012. Weve got a month-and-a-half or so behind us now, and so what were doing is looking at where rates are as of just a couple of days ago and saying if they hold for the balance of our quarter that gives us the expectation for that slight tailwind. But nevertheless, where our rates go and how they react for the balance of the year will have an impact. For 2011, the euro average rate for us across the year was about 139. So, clearly if rates stayed where they are today, wed have a headwind in euro. Wed have a tailwind still in the yen where the full year average was about 81, so weve got a tailwind there in the yen. The way things model out for us is that for every, lets say, 1% change in sales due to the translation effect of currency, its about 2.5 times impact on the change in earnings per share.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Ursaner with CJS Securities. You may begin.
Jason Ursaner: Realized the call is getting is a little longer at this point, but just two questions.
Michael Hilton: Okay.
Jason Ursaner: You both spoke about the normal seasonal pattern for a soft first quarter, and if I go back look at the revenue contraction for fiscal Q4 to Q1 in the tiers before the downturn and then the tiers after the downturn, and the tiers before, you saw 16%ish sequential decline, and then only about 7% sequential decline in the tiers after the downturn. So, from looking at the 17% sort of midpoint sequential decline youre implying, how much of this would you characterize really as slowdown versus how much would you more characterize just to reversion to a more normal seasonal pattern after two years of very difficult comps?
Michael Hilton: Yes, so its a good point, Jason. What I would say is in the last two years, we still have sort of recovery from that strong downturn and so, I think it muted the seasonal translation that youd normally see. Id say this is moving more towards a more typical kind of a seasonal pattern but it is probably a little bit worse just given whats going on in Europe and, to a lesser extent, the U.S. So, there is some clearer impact from the uncertainty thats there in the last few months that I wouldnt consider to be normal. So, its probably a little worse than we would expect to see in a normal back to kind of fully recovered environment, whereas in the last two years in the first two quarters you still have strong recovery. Two years ago was technology-led, I think that last year was broad-based.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And normally, Q2 to Q1, you normally see sort of this mid-teens sequential increases as customers get their budgets approved. Would you not expect to necessarily see that, if you are seeing this uncertainty in weakness?
Michael Hilton: So, hold that question for a second. I think weve got a pretty good track record on what the normal seasonal pattern is. We dont have any better crystal ball than you do, though, on what the overhang is going to be and that was my previous comment. Id say, whats encouraging is lots of activity in the niche areas that were focused in that should step up and still bid activity in many of these areas as very encouraging. But there clearly is an overhang and we just dont know how long that overhang is going last.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. And then looking at orders, obviously, the softest area is in the tech segment and it looks to be coming out of Asia in part. You mentioned weakness in the device testing and package equipment market and thats going to be driven by the fab utilization coming down. And then you also mentioned customers holding off timing-wise with the Lunar New Year. Do you also think though that you saw any impact in October, November from tightness in the credit markets there? And have you seen it open up at all since the country lowered reserve requirements on the 1st of December?
Michael Hilton: Yes. So, I would say, not a big deal from our credit requirements, particularly on the tech side. Id say, generally speaking though, more broad-based in Asia, China specifically, with the move to start to loosen things a little bit again, thats viewed as very encouraging by the folks on the ground, sort of the smaller customers and even some of the OEMs, so not tech-specific, but more broad-based. There was a tightening impact from that and people are more encouraged now. There is an argument about whether its enough. But certainly, directionally, the move is encouraging for the folks on the ground.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Walt Liptak with Barrington Research. You may begin.
Walter Liptak: I want to ask about the Value Plastics. If I backed into this right, its about $7 million in revenue this quarter. Is it about right?
Greg Thaxton: Well, in acquisitions for the year, you have both Value Plastics. You have MICROMEDICS that affects the Advanced Technology segment, and then Verbruggen in the Adhesive segment.
Walter Liptak: Okay. So, it was a little bit...
Greg Thaxton: And if you recall, Value Plastics was not in the quarter for a full quarter.
Walter Liptak: Okay. My first question is, the level of run rate in revenue for the quarter, I wonder if we can separate MICROMEDICS from Value Plastics.
Michael Hilton: Yes, Id say Value Plastics is when we made the announcement, we had sort of the last 12 months, kind of run rate was around 20...
Greg Thaxton: High 20s.
Michael Hilton: $26 million, $27 million. Were on track with that kind of run rate and we have expectations, obviously, for that to step up as the year goes on, in part based on growth in the market, but in part because of the other things that weve talked about in terms of diversifying globally, taking the industrial product line out, thats probably further on in the year. But were basically on track with that acquisition where we thought after the first couple of months.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And with the purchase accounting charges of about $3 million, Value Plastics was dilutive during the quarter?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, they were.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And then the first quarter, is it going to be dilutive again with that $2 million charge?
Greg Thaxton: No, were not expecting it to be dilutive in the first quarter.
Walter Liptak: Neutral then?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, in that range.
Walter Liptak: Okay.
Greg Thaxton: Because we will have another about equal-size impact on the short-term purchase accounting, but theyll be in for a full quarter.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And then I wanted to ask about the tax rate for the full year 2012, Im sorry, not tax rate, interest expense. Ive got my estimate, but I wonder if you could just help by providing a number for your estimate of interest?
Greg Thaxton: Well, we entered into a new credit facility, if anybody caught that. It was announced on Monday, and Im pleased with the facility we have and I want to congratulate our team on a great job of negotiating that facility. It expands our revolver from what was a $400 million to a $500 million revolver. Its a five-year deal. And its about at our current pricing grid. The margin spread is about 50 basis points over our prior facility. So, we were borrowing at about 28 basis points over LIBOR, its now close to 77 basis points. So, whatever our outstanding debt is for the year, its going to be slightly more expensive, but again, Im very pleased with the terms that we were able to negotiate.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. And then in the prepared commentary, you talked about manual dispensing in Advanced Tech being able a little bit weaker. And I presume thats the EFT business?
Michael Hilton: No. I think what we said was that those spaces, the manual and automated, were holding up fairly well.
Walter Liptak: So, they were holding up. Okay.
Michael Hilton: Yes.
Walter Liptak: Okay, that makes more sense. And then just as a final question, youd talked about $1.2 billion in revenue for next year. Are you expecting yes, and thats with the acquisitions.
Michael Hilton: No, just to be clear, all, what we said is the current run rate, if you take the orders and annualize them, thats what you would get. We didnt necessarily project that that was the number for the year. Just like we do each quarter, we kind of annualize the then current run rate.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right. Let me just take a shot at this one then. For 2012, as you look at your EBITDA or EPS, are you expecting it to be a flat year, up? Do you expect that the company is going to be able to grow, considering the headwinds?
Michael Hilton: Yes. I mean, as you know, we only guide a quarter out because thats the best clarity that we have.
Walter Liptak: Yes. I guess I was hoping just to get some...
Michael Hilton: I guess what I would...
Walter Liptak: Trajectory.
Michael Hilton: What I would say is if we have an economic environment where the overall sort of GDP and industrial production growth is similar to this year, then we would expect that to be a year where there is growth.
Walter Liptak: Okay.
Michael Hilton: And so the question is, whether you believe that or not? I mean, our view when we use this in some of our modeling efforts is we feel most comfortable with the Global Insight IHS forecast. But their forecast is not dramatically different from others. So, if you believe that, thats going to come through at a 2.5% to 3% sort of global growth, then we should see a positive year there. But our crystal ball doesnt go out that far. And so, if thats not right, then well either be more or less, depending on what actually plays out.
Jim Jaye: Shannon, we have time for maybe about one more question.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. You may begin.
Mark Douglass: Hi, just real quickly. I think there is some confusion. Your guidance right now includes the $0.03 of non-recurring charges?
Greg Thaxton: Correct.
Mark Douglass: So, ex the charges, were looking at $0.57 to $0.64.
Greg Thaxton: Thats correct.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Jim Jaye.
Jim Jaye: Thank you, Shannon. And just to wrap this up, thank you all for attending the call. We wish you all happy holidays, and thanks for your interest in Nordson. Ill be around today if you have additional questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-08-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Nordson Corporation Webcast for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2011 Earnings. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn your conference over to the host for today, Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
James Jaye: Thank you, Ben and good morning to everyone listening. This is Jim Jaye, Director of Communications and Investor Relations. I'm here with Mike Hilton, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Greg Thaxton, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today Friday, August 19, 2011 on Nordson's third quarter fiscal year 2011 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.nordson.com/investors and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight August 26 by calling 1-855-859-2056. You will need to reference ID number 89752139. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call, forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordson's current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mike Hilton for an overview of our third quarter fiscal year 2011 results and Nordson's future outlook. Mike?
Michael Hilton: Thank you, Jim. Good morning everyone and thank you for listening to Nordson's third quarter 2011 conference call. This quarter we delivered the strongest third quarter in our history, with all segments generating solid growth and increased operating margins. Our update this morning will describe several of the highlights from our performance and we will also provide some perspective relative to our outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. Let me begin by offering some comments on the third quarter. First, I want to congratulate and thank our global team for continuing to perform at an extremely high level. They delivered solid improvement over the strong levels of a year ago in sales, operating margin, operating profit, net income and earnings per share. We continue to generate these results by delivering real value to our customers in the form of innovative technology, applications expertise and direct worldwide service. At the same time, we are maintaining our disciplined approach to spending and we are continuing to expand our operational efficiencies through a variety of continuous improvement initiatives. Looking at a few of our numbers more specifically, sales grew by 12% in the third quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago as customers continued to respond to our value proposition. I'm especially pleased that we generated the solid growth despite a backdrop of sluggish global recovery impacted by the disaster in Japan, increased macroeconomic and political uncertainty in comparison against a very strong period of growth a year ago. In addition to the solid top line, profitability reached the highest third quarter levels in our history. Excluding one-time items in both years, operating profits grew by 21% and operating margin reached 26% and EPS grew by 25%. We also continued to execute on our acquisition strategy during the quarter. As previously announced, the Verbruggen acquisition adds to our Adhesive Dispensing segment by providing us with an entry into growing flexible packaging markets worldwide and the Value Plastics acquisition, which we expect to close within the quarter, the fourth quarter, is a high performing growth business currently focused in an attractive niche market space in the medical area, but with opportunities to expand in industrial space as well. In terms of our outlook, our 12-week order rates as compared to the prior year are solid and remain positive in all segments and geographies. So they are also reflective of the current macroeconomic environment. Overall, our guidance points to a record full year for Nordson in both sales and profitability. I will offer additional comments relative to our outlook later in the webcast. Before that, let me turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, wholl provide a more detailed commentary on our third quarter financial results as well as some comments on our guidance for the fourth quarter of 2011. Greg?
Gregory Thaxton: Thank you, Mike and good morning to everyone. As Mike noted, this is the strongest third quarter in Nordsons history. Let me start by talking about our sales performance, where in total sales were up 12% over the prior years third quarter. This growth is comprised of 5% improvement in volume with positive currency translation making up the balance of the increase and growth occurred in all three operating segments and in every region with the exception of Japan. In the Adhesive Dispensing segment, sales improved by 13% over the prior years third quarter. Sales were strongest in emerging regions and in consumer non-durable end markets such as packaging and nonwovens. The Advanced Technology segment also improved over the prior year, delivering an 8% sales increase, with particular strength in our dispensing and surface treatment product lines. The Industrial Coating Systems segment continued to capture returning demand in consumer durable markets resulting in sales increase of 17% over last year's third quarter. Double-digit growth occurred in a majority of this segment's geographies and product lines. As the quarter evolved, we did experience a decline in order rates as concerns regarding the global economic backdrop reemerged and our customers' buying patterns turned more cautious. Given the relatively short lead-time nature of our business, this did have an impact on our quarterly revenue. Also, all segments were impacted by the events in Japan where recovery from the disaster remained slow for the majority of the quarter. Within this particular region, we have seen a return in demand over the last several weeks in all segments. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter was 60.2%, in line with our guidance and up 80 basis points from the prior year's third quarter. As we look at operating performance in the quarter, reported operating profit increased by 16% over the prior year's third quarter to $79 million and operating margin improve to 25%, exceeding the strong level of a year ago. We have included a schedule in our press release to reconcile between GAAP earnings per share and normalized earnings per share to exclude certain one-time items and excluding these one-time items in both years, operating profit improved by 21%, operating margin reached 26% and we have an operating profit leverage ratio of almost 1.8 times our sales growth. Operating margin improved in all segments compared to last year's third quarter with Adhesive Dispensing and Advanced Technology continuing to perform at very high levels and I am particularly pleased with the continued progress within Industrial Coatings where operating margin expanded to nearly 18% in the quarter, an improvement of more than 5 percentage points over the prior years third quarter. For Nordson overall, this is the ninth consecutive quarter we have improved our quarterly operating margin over the previous year. Continuing down the income statement, net income and diluted earnings per share both exceeded the levels of a year ago. Net income for the quarter was $57 million for a return on sales of 18% and third quarter diluted earnings per share are $0.82. Earnings in the quarter included a gain of $0.04 per share related to a one-time tax benefit and a charge of $0.03 per share related to the withdrawal from an international multi-employer benefit plan. Excluding one-time items in both years, third quarter diluted earnings per share improved 25% on a year-over-year basis. The current quarter's EBITDA was $85 million and third quarter free cash flow before dividend was a strong $65 million or 114% of the quarter's net income, representing a very strong cash conversion in the quarter. Our continued confidence in our ability to general strong cash flow led to our recent dividend announcement where we increased our quarterly dividend by 19%. With this increase, Nordson has increased its annual dividend for 48 consecutive years, ranking us 15th among an elite group of publicly traded companies with the longest running record of consecutive dividend increases. Looking at our performance through nine months, sales are up 20% over the prior year and excluding one-time items in both years, operating profit and earnings per share are up 48% and 55%, respectively. Also, over this nine-month period as compared to the prior year, EBITDA has increased by 41% and free cash flow before dividends has increased over 180%. Our balance sheet remained strong with debt to trailing 12-month EBITDA of well under one and sufficient capacity for additional strategic investments. Before moving to our fourth quarter outlook, I'll provide some comments on recent order trends. We have provided our most recent order data, both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. These orders are for the 12-week period ending August 14 as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis. Total Company orders were up 6% compared to the same 12-week period in the prior year. On a total Company level, acquisitions added approximately 1% to this growth. This overall growth rate is solid, broad-based growth, but also reflective of the slowing order trends that I referred to given the current macroeconomic environment. These order rates are also in comparison to a strong period of recovery a year ago. On a geographic basis, orders were up in every geography over the same period last year with order rates growing fastest in Asia Pacific, Japan and the Americas. Orders rates in the U.S. and Europe reflect recent macroeconomic softening. Looking at orders on a segment basis, Adhesive Dispensing orders were up 4% from the prior year, with growth driven by non-durable end markets. Advanced Technology orders over the latest 12 weeks are up 9% from the prior year, led by activity within our automated and semi-automated dispensing platforms. Within the Industrial Coating segment, the latest 12-week orders were up 8% as compared to the prior year as investment in durable end market served by these products continues to recover. Moving o to our outlook for sales in the fourth quarter, we're expecting sales to be in the range of $315 million to $327 million. As compared to the prior years fourth quarter, the sales outlook represents an increase in sales volume of between 5% to 9%, inclusive of 2% related acquisitions with an additional 4% currency translation benefit based on the current exchange rate environment. This represents a total sales increase of 9% to 13% as compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. We expect gross margin of around 59% in the quarter, reflecting a higher mix of systems versus parts as compared to the third quarter. Total Selling and Administrative costs are expected to be up about 1% from the third quarter, including anticipated charges of approximately $2 million associated with restructuring costs and were forecasting a 30% effective tax rate for the quarter. Earnings per share for the fourth quarter are estimated to be $0.77 per share to $0.84 per share inclusive of the $0.02 per share restructuring charge. Excluding one-time items in both years, the midpoint of this fourth quarter guidance represents an increase of 10% over the prior year fourth quarter earnings per share. On a full year basis, even the low end of our sales and diluted EPS guidance will result in Nordson full year record for sales, operating profit, net income, and diluted earnings per share. In summary, Nordson delivered record third quarter and nine-month year-to-date performance by generating solid growth even against strong comparisons and an uncertain macroeconomic environment by maintaining our strong focus on operating efficiency and continuous improvement initiatives. Our guidance points to a solid fourth quarter that will result in record full year performance.
Michael Hilton: Thanks, Greg. Before moving on to your questions, I would like to provide some additional comments on our recent order trends and outlook. As Greg described, our recent order trends remained solid, although they have moderated more recently given the level of macroeconomic uncertainty that persists in today's environment. As we look at our latest annualized 12-week run rate, which is approximately $1.2 billion, this is down modestly from the $1.3 billion level we reported in our last conference call, but consistent with the seasonal trends that we see in the nature of our Advanced Technology business and Europe's holiday season. We continue to believe that our presence in emerging markets, technology leadership positions and expanding application and new market opportunities will enable us to deliver long-term growth. Specific drivers in each segment bode well for our long-term success. In Adhesives, we continue to be market leaders in consumer non-durable markets such as packaging and nonwovens that present solid and long-term growth opportunities in the rapidly expanding middle-class populations of emerging regions. General product assembly applications provide numerous application opportunities for us to grow as well. In Advanced Technology, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the continuing demand for smartphones, tablets, and other electronic devices and accessories. We will continue to supplement our core electronics positions with new markets and applications in areas like medical devices. Growth opportunities also exist in our Industrial Coating segment as we continue to expand our tiered product offering to more effectively meet the different needs of manufacturers in varying regions and we capture the demand of these emerging markets. From an operating perspective, we expect to deliver very strong performance on a full year basis that exceeds the record performance of 2010. Yet there are opportunities for further improvement and we remained focused on our continuous improvement initiatives to leverage and deliver this opportunity. Well continue to surpass the competition with a compelling set of advantages that include innovative technology, application expertise, direct sales and service, our global footprint, our operational excellence model and financial resources for continued investment and, of course a team that executes better than anyone else. Well continue to focus on what we can control, mindful that we are not immune to the global macroeconomic factors. With regard to the acquisition of Value Plastics, were still waiting for regulatory approval and we expect to close the transaction in our fiscal fourth quarter. Although terms of the contract prohibit me from discussing financial information about the Company, I will say that we are excited about the prospects the Company brings to Nordson and the opportunity to add such a high performing operation to the Nordson portfolio. Once the transaction closes, we do plan to schedule a teleconference to discuss the more specifics about Value Plastics and the value Nordson will bring to the acquisition. In closing, I would like to thank our team again for delivering very solid results in the third quarter and for the first nine months of this year. Im confident they will continue to perform at a high level in the fourth quarter and beyond. At this time, we will take your questions. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) and our first question comes from the line of Jason Ursaner from CJS Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead sir.
Jason Ursaner: Good morning. Mike, youve been anticipating a compression in year-on-year volume growth for some time, this moderation towards long-term sustainable trends, so just two questions related to that. One is, as you look at order flow and talk with customers, what gives you confidence that it is actually a moderation and not signs of a broader slowdown? And then secondly, given that youre lapping the heart of the cyclical recovery, particularly in the U.S., how should we think about sustainable growth by segment and have the rates youve outlined in the past changed at all?
Michael Hilton: Okay Jason, maybe Ill actually tackle that second question first because we've just spent some time going through our strategic plan update and from an overall organic growth perspective, as we look at each of the businesses that we operate in and the niches that we see as good opportunities for organic expansion, what we talked about last year in our Investor Conference sort of that mid-to-high single digits organic growth, we feel confident on that in the long run and perhaps see some upside from an organic standpoint based on some of the additional adjacent niches that we see as opportunity. So we feel good about the long-term prospects across all of our segments. With respect to the short term, we have been talking about throughout the year, particularly in our technology business and in our Adhesives business getting closer to more of that long-term growth trajectory while still seeing some recovery opportunities in our Coatings business. Id say were approaching that sort of longer term sustainable growth. As Greg and I both mentioned though, we have seen in the tail end of this quarter some slowing in two key geographies, the U.S. and Europe and while we tend to outperform those geographies given the niches that we have in the specific customer market opportunities we have, we did see at the tail end of the quarter some slowing there. As it relates to our order rates, what we see, couple of comments, one, the backlog is pretty strong. Some of that is from a few orders that got pushed into this quarter from last quarter, but theyre going to be delivered in the early part of the quarter, but some of that is really slowdown that weve seen a little bit in the U.S. and Europe. Id say our bid activity remains strong and weve continued to see orders come in. Id say our customers are a little bit more cautious in the strong term just given the uncertainties out there.
Jason Ursaner: Okay and then you mentioned Value Plastics expecting to close in this quarter. Do you have a rough date for when we could expect this or maybe a percentage of the full quarter we could assume the acquisition is contributing in fourth quarter?
Michael Hilton: I will wait right now to hear, to get through the review of the Justice department regarding the HSR filing. So we would hope that in the next week or so well hear something on that and then close fairly quickly after that. So our hope is in the next couple of weeks that that would close.
Jason Ursaner: And if I take the midpoint of the Q4 earnings forecast guiding to adjusted EPS for the full year of around $3.20. So I know you cant discuss financials of the Value Plastics deal, but based on yesterdays close, your own stock would be trading less than 13 times this years earnings, and Id argue you are a pretty high quality company. So without discussing the financials, how do you see this business generating superior returns relative to your own stock, even if it's a very high quality business?
Michael Hilton: I think a couple of things. Youve got it right. It is very high quality business. It has many of the attributes of our EFD business. It's in an area where we think there will be good growth both in the underlying demographics, but also with the potential to expand in some of the adjacencies as well as to expand in the industrial space. So we see some important opportunities to grow even faster than the Value Plastics team has been able to grow to date and we see the quality of the business being very, very high.
Jason Ursaner: Okay. Thanks a lot for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Charlie Brady: Thanks. Good morning guys. Hey, with respect to Adhesive Dispensing in the quarter, can you give us a sense of what the parts mix was for that and maybe the parts mix overall for the Company in the quarter?
Michael Hilton: Yeah, so generally speaking the parts mix has been declining from the beginning of the year as sort of system orders pick up, but overall I think in the quarter we might have been 42%, 43%, Greg?
Gregory Thaxton: Yeah, we declined by about 100 basis points from the second quarter. So, we're at about 42% in the third quarter.
Charlie Brady: For the Company as a whole?
Gregory Thaxton: That's total company.
Michael Hilton: Yeah and I say all businesses have seen that same trend, maybe a little bit more so in the Adhesive side.
Charlie Brady: Okay. In your fourth quarter guidance, the 2% from acquisitions, does that include Value Plastics?
Gregory Thaxton: No, it does not.
Charlie Brady: Okay. On the share repurchase, can you remind us how much is left on the 2 million share authorization?
Gregory Thaxton: Yeah, if we looked at what we've purchased to date, there is a little over one million shares remaining under that authorization.
Charlie Brady: Okay. One more and I'll get back in the queue here. You mentioned on the order growth, 1% came out of acquisitions. Was it a greater impact than that on the Adhesive Dispending orders for the 12 weeks?
Gregory Thaxton: No, that would be more impacting Advanced Technology.
Charlie Brady: Sorry. So was it greater than 1% for that segment?
Gregory Thaxton: The impact on that segment yeah, it was about 2 percentage points.
Charlie Brady: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass from Longbow Research. Please go ahead sir. Your line is open.
Mark Douglass: Morning, gentlemen. Can you discuss in Advance Tech, what are you hearing from your tier 1, 2 semi cap equipment customers? I mean, do they believe that the cycle has turned down and dropping or do they mostly see it as a pause in spending for a couple of quarter and then kind of gets back on the horse a little later?
Michael Hilton: Yeah, I think to answer that question just to make a couple of comments, there are a bunch of different areas within the electronic space that we support in our Advance Technology business. So the strongest have continued to be the folks involved with the smartphone, tablet kind of activities where orders remain strong and continue to look strong for the foreseeable future. Id say in the sort of general packaging area that plays over a bit into the test and inspection area as well, things have softened a bit and I think expectations are for things to be slower growth back to more normal growth, but maybe with a quarter or so pause and weve seen that kind of flow through our orders. So weve seen more of the larger automated system orders that are supporting kind of the mobile activity and some slowdown in some of the sort of smaller semi-automatic types of orders relative to what we would have expected and in our package, test and inspection area we have seen things are a little softer than we would have expected although last year we had a very strong sort of LED opportunity in that space that we really arent seeing this year in the kind of third and fourth quarter from the last year. So Id say, in the general packaging area what are customers are saying is more of probably a pause and anticipating if you look at their forecast, next year to be a more normal or slower or perhaps even a slower growth year. But in the things that tend to drive big parts of our business, the mobile devices, the smartphone piece, the tablets, that continues to remain robust.
Mark Douglass: Is it fair to say in the smartphone and tablets that your ultimate customer base, youre more heavy levered to those who are obviously taking share versus those who are losing significant amounts of share?
Michael Hilton: We are doing well with the leaders in that business and their supply chain.
Mark Douglass: Okay, thanks and then last question. The Europe orders were slowing more significantly than others. I'm sure some of that is somewhat comps, but is most of that weakness in Adhesives? Are you seeing a pullback there, may be in more food and bev or nonwovens or both?
Michael Hilton: I would say in general weve seen a slowdown across the elements of the sort of broad elements of the Adhesive business. Id say we still encouragingly, we still see bid activity, say in the product assembly piece of that business being robust. But yeah, we have seen a slowdown across sort of most elements of that business. I think reflective of the general economy and whats going on there right now. But encouragingly in the sort of systems or orders part of that would tend to be product assembly and some coating applications and so forth; bid activity is up and orders are coming in. So it's a reflective of the general slowdown but with some bright spots.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville from KeyBanc. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matt Summerville: Morning. A couple of questions. First, I want to talk about orders a little bit more here. You mentioned the exit rate on the most recent 12-week period coming in below that 6%. I guess, could we get a little more granularity on how that looked I guess by segment? Are you seeing negative order trends in any of your segments now or any of your geographies relative to the prior year period and if you look at how orders came in throughout the quarter, is there a time period that you can point to and say like this was the inflection point?
Michael Hilton: So just a couple of comments. The orders are, just to be clear, the orders are delayed of 12 weeks. So that will be up through this week, beginning well actually at the end of last week would be the orders just to clarify that. Id say in the last three or four weeks, we have probably in the last three or four weeks, weve seen some softening and more of that really been in the U.S. and Europe as we said. Id say we see some different things across geographies. In general, the segments have all slowed down a bit from order perspective. Now, if you look at what we typically see on an annual pattern on our orders, we tend to see particularly in the technology space that those would start to soften on a seasonal basis as you go through the latter part of third quarter and into the end of the fourth quarter as people have bought most of what they want to buy for the holiday production season. So we're seeing, I'd say same seasonal patterns that weve seen in a couple of areas in the U.S. and in Europe we're seeing little bit of softening. And remember, this is up against a very, very strong level of orders last year in the fourth quarter as well. I'd say the one area that has been negative that we started to see a little bit turnaround from an order perspective was Japan. Though we've seen orders start to come back in Japan, what I would say is that's not making up what the impact was of the tsunami, but getting back to more normal cyclical kind of order rates we would expect in Japan and we would actually expect the kind of the makeup with the rebuild there for construction activities probably into next year.
Matt Summerville: The other thing I guess Mike, with regards to just the geographic color on orders, a good chunk of that Adhesive business that's in Europe is believed to be exported to some of the emerging markets. So I guess, is there any read-through here to some of the emerging markets you serve like China? Are you seeing on a sequential basis the pace slowdown meaningfully there in any of your businesses?
Michael Hilton: Now, what I would say, certainly in the emerging market aspects of that and really on the re-export on the OEM side, that still looks quite strong for the emerging market. So no, we're not seeing a slowdown there. What we're hearing from our customers, lets say in Europe is while they've got funded projects and are replacing orders, they are being more cautious with buying parts. Theyre being more cautious with committing to the next system and thats really reflected itself I think in the last month of the quarter sort of information that weve provided to you. And As far as emerging markets go, now we see that is very strong still and no signs that (inaudible).
Matt Summerville: As you think about kind of the overall scenarios that can play out from a macro perspective looking out over the next several quarters, if Nordson were to see a more substantial downturn, I think you mentioned in the press release you feel like you are well equipped to deal with it and certainly last time around you guys did a good job in taking cost out and more importantly as we see with the kind of operating leverage youve been generating, youve kept it out. I guess if we have sort of a double-dip scenario, do you feel like there is enough? I guess sort of whats in the playbook in that regard, Mike, given all that was accomplished through this last downturn? Do you kind of see where I am coming from?
Michael Hilton: Yeah, I think I understand your point. I mean first of all, yeah just to kind of restate that, we have been able to move our margin performance up 600 or 700 basis points. So I think thats part of what youre referring to and weve done that through structural improvements and that has created the good performance that we see this year and the volume leverage that weve gotten. And so I think that absolutely is something that were going to continue to support. I think also if you think about the nature of the downturn, pretty dramatic, financially led, liquidity impacted and if we were to have a slowdown, I think those things wouldnt be similar. So I think we would see perhaps more of a normal slowdown, which I dont think will have the same level of impact. That said, I think as youll recall, one of the things that I did coming in here was create a role that reports to me to drive continuous improvement across our business and there are a number of initiatives that were working on as we speak, some of which have led to some short-term impact. Restructuring costs have come into the fourth quarter that were related to optimizing our supply chain. We have work on segmentation and pricing. We have work on our new product development. There are a number of other areas from that continuous improvement activity that will translate and be part of, we put out there as an ongoing structural margin improvement going forward. So we are working on those and those will help offset I think the impact of the downturn. That said, weve seen and moving from the second quarter to the third quarter that weve done a nice job of creating leverage from a line perspective and so when volume goes down, we do have some impact and you saw some of that translate through to gross margin and the operating margin in the quarter. Weve been very judicious this year in terms of adding costs back and being very careful only to do that in areas that made sense like selling and servicing activity at our production levels where we needed to and in our technology investment and well continue to have that discipline (inaudible).
Matt Summerville: Last question just so I make sure I understand kind of the moving parts from the second quarter fiscal '11 to the third quarter fiscal '11, Nordsons revenue declined by about $6 million. If you ex out the noise from the one-time items, your operating profit declined $11 million to $12 million, thats obviously pretty substantial negative leverage I guess. Can you give us a sense how much of that is mix? How much of that is volume? Is this parts versus systems dynamic really having a more profound impact now than maybe it was a quarter or two ago?
Michael Hilton: Yes, youre right. There are a number of moving parts there. So certainly a portion of that was related to volume leverage, but we did have significant mix across segments in terms of growth in our Coatings business which is a lower margin business, but as you see a very good business now from the levels of improvement, but we certainly had mix across the segment. We had mix between parts and systems occurring there and we have the volume leverage, so you kind of have sort of equal parts of each of those as a rough guideline in terms of what you saw there. So I think as you go to the fourth quarter were going to continue to see as Greg mentioned, the systems parts piece have an impact and then within the segment themselves we have multiple product lines and some of those are at different profitability levels, generally a function of what the scope is of the offering that we provide and it will have some impact there as well which is why we guided to the level we have. I guess one comment I would like to make is, across this, the quality of the business in each of the individual segments has not deteriorated at all and what youre really seeing is mix of things from volume (inaudible).
Matt Summerville: Thanks a lot, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak from Barrington Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Thanks. Good morning. Want to ask about the corporate expenses this quarter, the $12 million. Is that inclusive of the Japan pension fund of $3 million?
Gregory Thaxton: Walt, this is Greg. Yeah, that's where weve booked the $3 million. That's also where we book expenses associated with corporate development activities, as you probably know from an accounting perspective; you now expense those as incurred. So that's where we recorded those charges and some of our continuous improvement efforts as Mike talked about are booked there as well.
Walter Liptak: Okay, the continuous improvement that will hit in the fourth quarter? That's where you'd have the charge for that, right?
Gregory Thaxton: No. We've had some efforts ongoing that Mike talked about, for example customer segmentation and so those costs have already been incurred. What I'm highlighting is, is if you looked at quarter three, backed out the Japan pension, it's trended a little bit higher than the previous two quarters and its associated with some corporate development expenses in some of these continuous improvements.
Michael Hilton: Just as to be clear, on the continuous improvement we've had some help in certain areas from the outside, Walt, to look at segmentation and pricing in particular for example.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Can we quantify the corporate development expense in the quarter?
Gregory Thaxton: I guess what I'd say, Walt, is if you looked at the previous quarters one and quarter two, you might have been in the $7 million, $7.5 million range. I think kind of normalizing our spend there, we might look at a similar range in quarter four, somewhere in that $7.5 million range.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Excluding any
Gregory Thaxton: Excluding any
Walter Liptak: any restructuring related charge or more corporate development?
Gregory Thaxton: Right.
Walter Liptak: Okay and I think we're, the challenge that were going to have is, you can't look at anything on Yahoo Finance or in the paper without recession and I think what everyone is trying to get at is in your organic order rate, could you go negative next year? I mean, should we expect, and I know you don't give annual guidance yet or you dont give annual guidance, but in that organic growth that you have over the long term, are you including revenue going negative or organic growth going negative for a period and then recoveries? How should we look at the next 12 months?
Michael Hilton: Yeah, I think when we looked at our overall sort of guidance to that sort of high single-digit organic growth, we were thinking about our global economy that was growing at 4%, 4% plus on average. I think if you look at globally, I think prior to the last Id say three or four months, I think most economists were probably looking at 4.5% for next year. I think most have reduced the global growth by maybe not quite a point, maybe three quarters of a point. More dramatic impact from a global, from an economic standpoint in terms of the reductions that you are seeing by the economists in the U.S. and Europe, probably more a full point kind of reduction from that sort of 3.5%, 3% to 3.5% to down to 2% to 2.5%. I think most people still expect growth next year in the developed markets making that not more modest and most people have not significantly reduced the emerging market growth despite the efforts out there to try and make sure that inflation is under control and so forth. So if your economic scenario is a slower, global growth market by a percentage of point, we probably wouldnt expect to see things go negative, but were not economists. We dont know how this is going to play out. So I think of the general economy most people think it will grow but grow slower. Id say what we were encouraged by as we went through our strategy work is there are a number of unique niches that we participate in or continue to or could participate in that tend to have some different dynamics. So, if you look at the sort of tablets, smartphones, so thats whats most interesting. There is MEMs device applications that look interesting in that business, the medical spaces that were trying to get into, elements of the packaging space that I think are all of interest and I think the second thing that helps us is because we are a technology leader and we continue to invest in technology and we have a broad infrastructure out there in terms of the customers that we serve, we do have the opportunity and we are very focused on introducing new technology to help our customers very cost effectively recapitalize to improve their own performance say in the U.S. and Europe. And so we are actively working on that. One of the things that weve been investing in this year is continuing to upgrade our technology platform. So we think well do better than the general economy, but your view of the economy is as good as ours. At this point there is so much noise out there, its hard to understand where to place your bet from a realistic perspective.
Walter Liptak: Okay, good. Alright, thanks for that color and then just one last one, and I know we can wait for a couple of weeks until the Value Plastics deals closes, but can you maybe talk generally about how you view or maybe review for us how you look at acquisitions? Are they typically accretive immediately or its in the first year? Are you willing to have a year of dilution from a deal before the accretion starts?
Michael Hilton: Yeah, so I think just a general comment on acquisitions. Our first screen is really from a strategic standpoint, does it fit areas that we think are good areas to invest in and are consistent with the kind of business model that we operate in, fit with the core skill sets that we have? Thats kind of the first screen and then the things that get through that and we look at individual deals, we are looking to earn several points above our cost of capital on those deals. What Ive said before is if it was dilutive in the first year that's probably okay. If it's dilutive in the second year, it's probably not a good deal and so you think about us putting some discipline around doing that and we typically are looking for high quality properties that we can add to and grow as opposed to things that we can go fix up. So were looking for leaders in the areas and niches that we think are interesting and Value Plastics fits into that category.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you (operator instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Liam Burke from Janney Capital. Your line is now open. Please go ahead sir.
Liam Burke: Thank you. Good morning, Mike, good morning, Greg. Mike, you touched on your continuous improvement initiatives and you sort of highlighted some of the activities that have been going on. Could you give us more or less a sense of timing of how those processes work through and when we would see that reflected in the operations or the financial operations?
Michael Hilton: Yeah. So Liam, there are sort of two levels of effort there. There is a level of effort that is really kind of taking us beyond lean at the operations level that youll see little bits of improvement on an ongoing basis and then there is some more substantial projects that might have sort of a multi-year effect. So in certain areas where were optimizing our supply chain, it takes some time to consolidate facilities where were doing that or in the case of our technology business, where were actually expanding our capability in China to better serve and match our supply and demand standpoint. It takes some time to build out. So those could play out over the next several years. So when we talked about at our Investor Day a multi-year plan that was with those sort of bigger projects in mind driving at least a couple of points of improvement in margin with our overall flow and I think were on track with that. But it's going to play out over the next couple of years. Its not going to play out over the next month, but we'll see. It will come in increments because some of the things are coming in phases and stages as opposed to big bangs.
Liam Burke: Great, thank you. And Greg, you have allocations of cash for acquisitions, you raised the dividend 19%. Where are buybacks in the general mix or priority of capital allocation?
Gregory Thaxton: Yeah. Liam, as you know weve got (inaudible) categories as we look at prioritizing the use of cash and I think buybacks historically have been an element of that. We look first to offset the dilution affect and then attempt to be opportunistic where we think we can be and we've been more aggressive as you know in this year and so it is an important part of our strategy.
Michael Hilton: Okay, let me just add a couple of other comments, Liam. If you back historically for long period of time, about a third of our cash went into sort of organic support for growth of business. So a third went into sort of dividends and buybacks and a third went into sort of M&A. A lot of that that went into supporting through the organic growth is building out our global infrastructure which is largely in place. Not 100%, as I just mentioned, we're doing some things in technology. So going forward, the need for cash to support that kind of organic growth will be more modest and the other two categories will get a higher emphasis in our view of where we want to invest the cash that we generate and I think youre kind of lost in sort of whats going on in the current macroeconomic environment is the strength of our cash generation in our base business and the continued strong quarter and we have this quarter on cash generation that we expect in the future.
Liam Burke: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Scott Blumenthal from Emerald Advisors. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Blumenthal: Good morning everybody. Mike, can you maybe characterize or put some numbers around how much you felt the situation in Japan with the tsunami affected sales and earnings?
Michael Hilton: Yeah. Certainly, if you look at our sales in Japan this quarter I think they were (inaudible). They were down
Gregory Thaxton: Yeah, they were down in volume about 11%.
Michael Hilton: Yeah. Volume they were down 11%, so not insignificant. As I said earlier, the encouraging news is we are starting to see sort of orders come back to a more normalized level. But we saw a little bit of impact in Q2, not very much. We saw a more dramatic impact here in Q3 and we do expect actually this will be a net positive, but likely a net positive in the next year.
Scott Blumenthal: Okay. So with regard then to Q4, which youve already guided for, you do expect your business in Asia to be sequentially better than Q3 and possibly at the level of Q2?
Michael Hilton: Thats a broad comment. What I would say is in general we would expect Asia to remain strong. We do have kind of a more seasonal pattern I would say typically in our technology business where our first quarter is kind of the softest and our second and third quarters tend to be the strongest, and the fourth quarter tends to be a little bit softer just because people have got in place what they need sort of for the holiday season. So we would expect that typical pattern. Overall, the fourth quarter tends to be historically for the Company, kind of our overall best quarter from a revenue perspective, but when you look at it, two, three and four historically are not very different.
Gregory Thaxton: Scott, this is Greg. Id add with regards to those two regions, specifically Japan and Asia Pacific, the latest 12-week orders in those two geographies were up 10% and 11% respectively.
Michael Hilton: And thats also pretty strong comparison year-on-year.
Scott Blumenthal: Okay, thank you. Thats really helpful. Greg, can you maybe characterize the size of the technology business in Asia and Japan as compared to your Adhesive Dispensing business? We understand companywide that Advanced Technology is, what, two-thirds of the size of Adhesive Dispensing, maybe 60%. Does that hold through in Asia and Japan?
Gregory Thaxton: Yeah, Scott, we for various reasons dont tend to go down at the geography level, but Id say in terms of Advanced Technology in particular, much of the activity, much of the manufacturing activity occurs in Asia Pacific. So from a waiting perspective, its a higher percentage of the overall segment revenue in Asia Pacific than the other segment. So its disproportionately Asia Pacific.
Scott Blumenthal: Okay and thank you for that and could you, Mike, could you let me know if it would be correct to characterize holiday production patterns that might trend towards a higher parts mix in the current quarter, parts and service as opposed to systems?
Michael Hilton: I'm not quite sure I heard the first part of the question. Did you say holiday?
Scott Blumenthal: Yeah, I guess right now many companies are producing for the holidays and that would lead us to believe that there would be higher parts and service mix in Q4 than systems and would that be a correct characterization?
Michael Hilton: No, that's not typically what we see. So certainly in our, two comments, in certain parts of our business like our Coatings business we would typically see strong systems sales in the fourth quarter. In our Technology business, we would see that typically softening a little bit. In our Adhesives business, we would typically see solid systems business in the fourth quarter. What we said coming out of the recovery is that we had a higher mix of parts to systems as you might expect, because the first thing that happened is operating rates went up that generates parts business for us and then people started making capital investments. So at the beginning of the year we were running about 45%. That's high relative to a normal typical activity which would be closer to the 40%, 41% and so what were saying is by the end of the year we see ourselves transitioning back to more of that typical mix of systems and parts and getting down to that low 40%. So no, we typically wouldnt see a holiday mix shift there that you thought you mentioned.
Scott Blumenthal: Okay, terrific. Thanks for taking my questions.
James Jaye: And I think in the interest of time we probably are going to have to move on to Mike to wrap up questions, to wrap up comments right now. So Mike I'll leave it to you for a few closing comments here.
Michael Hilton: Okay. Thanks Jim. First of all, there was a number of questions here about the sort of overall business and what's going on in the economy and so forth. I want to reiterate that the business quality that were seeing and the orders were bringing in and executing on are no different than what weve seen throughout the year. So it remained very strong and most of what you see in terms of our guidance around margins and so forth is really a function of shift in mix between the various elements that we've talked about. So I think about where we're at and I look at Nordson. I think the first thing Id like you to take away is were a Company that continues to deliver. Absolutely in this quarter, we saw some softening in the U.S. and Europe and the underlying markets, but we still put up some very good numbers and when you look at this quarter and particularly the nine months here to-date, what you see is that were bringing innovation and value to our customers. They are valuing that, they are paying for that and we're delivering in terms of bringing orders in and getting profit to the bottom line. Second, as we look at our outlook for the fourth quarter, we see a very solid fourth quarter. If we comment at the guidance that were talking about, we're going to be at record levels from overall revenue standpoint very, very high levels of performance not only for the quarter but for the year in an environment that's a little bit softer. So that points to the focus we have on key niches, the focus we have on key customers and the robustness of our model and so we feel encouraged about the outlook for the fourth quarter in the environment that were operating in and lastly, we dont do this without having the best team out there, the best team in front of our customers, the best team developing our new products, the best team out there manufacturing what we have to deliver and distributing to our customers. So we feel very good about a team that brings innovation and value to our customers and is not complacent. Its not looking to stand still but always looking to continue to improve in everything that we build. So I want to thank them for their performance to date and what I expect will be a continued good performance into the fourth quarter and thank you for participating in our call today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of the day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Nordson fourth quarter and FY 2009 results conference call. (Operator instructions) Mr. Jim Jaye, Director of Communications and Investor Relations, you may now begin your conference.
James Jaye: Good morning. Thank you. This is Jim Jaye, Director of Communications and Investor Relations for Nordson. I am here with Ed Campbell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 17, 2009 on Nordson's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.nordson.com and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Thursday, December 24th by calling 1-800-642-1687. You will need to reference ID number 44672558. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question and answer session. I would like to now turn the call over to Edward Campbell for an overview of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009 results and Nordson's future outlook. Ed?
Edward Campbell: Thank you, Jim and good morning to all of you on the call. Thank you for attending Nordson's conference call discussing our 2009 fourth quarter and full year results. Our comments this morning will provide highlights of strong operational performance in the fourth quarter as well as some perspective relative to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. Relative to the fourth quarter I am pleased with the strong performance delivered in the quarter with sales, operating profit and earnings per share all improving sequentially when considered before the impairment charges booked in the quarter. The impairment charges obviously had a big impact on the reported results and we will talk more about these charges as we get into details of the fiscal fourth quarter but as you all know these are non-cash charges that have no impact on the organizations ability to serve our customers or deliver results to our shareholders going forward. Operating margin performance in the quarter at 20% excluding impairment charges underscores the strong performance in the quarter. In terms of our outlook for the coming year there are positive indicators the global economy is improving and we are seeing positive signs specifically related to Nordsons businesses as well. I will be speaking more directly to current trends and our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 but before that I will turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a summary of our fourth quarter results.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you Ed and good morning to those listening. Regarding the fourth quarter results, sales were $237 million, down 20% from the prior year with volume down 21% from favorably currency effects of 1%. I will remind you we are comparing to a prior-year fourth quarter that was an all-time record for Nordson. Looking at sales on a segment basis, adhesive dispensing sales volume was down 14% in the quarter as compared to the prior-year fourth quarter and advanced technology and industrial coating sales volumes were down 22% and 39% respectively. I will also make the point here to highlight we have changed the name of the industrial coating and automotive systems segment to industrial coating systems which we believe more accurately reflects the composition of this segments revenue and customer base. As we look at our sales performance on a sequential basis, that is a fourth quarter 2009 as compared to third quarter 2009, sales are up 15% comprised of 12% volume growth and 3% favorable currency effect. Each of the three segments delivered sequential volume growth with industrial coating up 25%; adhesive dispensing up 14% and advanced technology up 5%. Looking at the 25% sequential growth in industrial coating, this growth reflects improvement we have seen in this segment since orders bottomed in the third quarter as well as some reduction in backlog associated with year-end shipments. With regards to the adhesive dispensing segment, all product lines within this segment were up sequentially with the non-wovens product line being the largest contributor of growth. As to the advanced technology sequential improvement, we noted back in our second quarter earnings conference call we were seeing improving trends in certain end markets associated with semiconductor and consumer electronics and we delivered third quarter sequential growth of 38% over the second quarter. These favorable order trends have continued but I am highlighting here our fourth quarter sequential performance is comparing against a relatively strong third quarter. Moving down the income statement, gross margin in the quarter is 58% which is strong on a historical basis due to favorable product line mix, a higher composition of spare parts and consumables and a reduction in manufacturing overhead. As we look at operating performance in the quarter obviously the impairment charges have a big impact on reported performance but as Ed noted earlier, these charges are non-cash and do not impact our ability to execute going forward. Of the $243 million expense booked in the fourth quarter nearly all relates to the write off of acquisition goodwill. This charge is the reflection of the significant decline in the global economic environment as compared to the time we completed these acquisitions. This charge does not imply the reporting units associated with these charges will fail to perform to our expectations in the future. Of the total $243 million charge, $3.6 million relates to the industrial coating segment and the remainder is associated with advanced technology. We have included a supplemental financial schedule with our earnings release to reconcile GAAP amounts to adjusted results excluding impairment charges for certain performance measures. For the fourth quarter excluding the impairment charges the operating margin is 20% and this includes $2.3 million of restructuring charges booked in the fourth quarter associated with our spending reduction efforts. Without this charge, operating margin would be 21% in the quarter reflecting very strong operational performance, a level that has not been achieved in 20 years. In addition to strong gross margins in the quarter the fourth quarter operating margin is being driven by the 20% reduction in selling and administrative expenses from the prior year. On a segment basis, in the adhesive dispensing segment, once again delivered very strong operating margin in the quarter of 29%, up from 25% in last years fourth quarter and matching the level delivered in this years third quarter. Advanced technologys operating margin excluding impairment charges associated with this segment was 16% in the quarter as compared to 17% in last years fourth quarter and 18% in this years third quarter. As compared to the third quarter a decline in gross margins primarily associated with the mix in product lines negatively impacted the operating margin for this segment. Industrial coating margin performance excluding the impairment charge improved from negative in the third quarter to 6% in the current quarter primarily due to increasing sales volumes. Net income, excluding impairment charges was $29 million, an increase of 21% over the third quarter of 2009 and just $1.9 million below last years fourth quarter, again which was an all-time record. At 12% of sales, this adjusted net income is reflective of solid execution in the quarter. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share excluding impairment charges is $0.85, down just 6% from the prior years fourth quarter, again an all-time high. The current quarters performance included restructuring charges of $0.04 per share. Cash measures in the quarter were also very strong. Sources of cash were $45 million of net income plus non-cash charges and $23 million of working capital. Uses of cash in the quarter included a reduction in long-term liabilities of $19 million, capital expenditures of $3 million and dividends of $6 million resulting in adjusted free cash flow after dividends of $40 million in the quarter, more than triple the level generated in the prior-years fourth quarter and up 15% on a sequential basis. The current quarters EBITDA, excluding impairment charges, is $54 million, up 20% on a sequential basis. On a full-year basis, sales reached $819 million. The current years operating profit excluding the fourth quarters impairment charges is $115 million or 14% of sales inclusive of restructuring charges. Excluding both impairment charges and restructuring charges, operating margin for the full year is 16%. Free cash flow for the year was $140 million, more than double the level generated in the prior year. In summary, we are encouraged by the 15% sequential growth in fourth quarter sales and pleased with our fourth quarter operating performance and cash metrics. On a full-year basis, the spending reduction initiatives we began in September of 2008 contributed to a 20% reduction in total selling and administrative expenses inclusive of restructuring charges enabling us to mitigate the large portion of the sales volume impact on operating profits.
Edward Campbell: Thank you Greg. I will now turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal 2010 but before I do I would like to add some perspective on the outlook we will share. Although we continue to see significant challenges in the global economy, we also see indicators that convince us the worst is behind us on a macro basis. However, the shape of the recovery is still very uncertain. Specific to Nordson I do believe we are seeing recovery in many of our end markets as evidenced by our sequential sales performance in fiscal 2009 and our recent order trends. We have provided our most recent order data both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. As a reminder, these orders are for the latest 12-weeks as compared to the same 12-weeks in the prior year on a currency neutral basis. Looking to these orders for the 12 weeks ending December 13th, overall they were up 4% from the same 12-week period in the prior year. Within adhesive dispensing orders were up 3% from the prior year on a 12-week basis. The product lines within the segment that serve consumer non-durable end markets are driving the growth in this segment. Regarding advanced technology our order patterns have continued at a strong pace where 12-week order rates are up 20% from the prior year as many of the end markets served by this segment continue to recovery including semiconductor and consumer electronics. More specifically, of particular recent strength is our technology supporting PC microprocessors, Smart Phone applications and LED applications. Something that is particularly noteworthy is the return of order demand from sub-contractors serving these consumer electronic end markets as this volume had been missing for quite some time from our order books. Finally, orders associated with the consumable product lines within this segment have increased on a sequential basis as consumption of components has increased. Within the industrial coating segment, the latest 12-week orders are down 22% which is reflecting of easier comparisons and continuing weakness in systems demand in consumer durable end markets. Demand in this segment appears to have bottomed about three months behind the company as a whole but we have not yet seen signs of a recovery of any significance. Looking at our order rates on a sequential basis, that is the latest 12-week orders as compared to the preceding 12-week period, we continue to see improving order trends where orders for the company are up 12% again on a currency neutral basis. Overall, I am pleased with these improving trends in orders and optimistic that business conditions are getting better. As we look at expectations for the first quarter we currently project sales growth of 13-17% over the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Volume growth is expected to be in a range of 7-11% with favorable currency benefits of an additional 6%. Given the mix of products assumed in our forecast, we expect gross margin to be about 58% in the quarter and total selling and administrative expenses should come in roughly equal to the prior year with volume declines offsetting currency effects. We do expect a one-time tax benefit in the quarter of about $3.5 million or $0.10 per share and a $0.01 per share charge restructuring cost. This outlook results in estimated earnings per share for the quarter of $0.61 to $0.71 per share with the midpoint of this range double the prior years $0.33 per share and up from 2008s first quarter earnings per share of $0.62. In summary, we are encouraged to see the pace of our business improve although we recognize the current business environment continues to be challenging and the shape of recovery is still uncertain. Although we will see levels of selling and administrative expenses return in 2010 as we move forward with restoring some benefits to employees that were eliminated in 2009, we will take a cautious approach with regards to managing the business while continuing to fund those investments that are important to our underlying business. Furthermore, we continue to believe we have the products, organizational talent, resources and liquidity that leave us in a strong position relative to our competition and we are well positioned to respond to a global economic recovery. Now lets turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Charlie Brady  BMO Capital Markets.
Charlie Brady: With respect to the orders in advanced technology up 20% on a 12-week basis, how much of seasonality if at all played a part in that and what kind of follow through would we expect going into the quarter? Im trying to understand if you had a rush coming in from the lump that might steady out after that up 20%?
Edward Campbell: Actually I would say our orders are unseasonably strong. In other words this is a time generally across all of our businesses that orders begin to weaken a bit beginning in November and moving into December. Although I will say that seasonal pattern is a little less consistent in advanced tech. We clearly have seen a real pop in orders in advanced tech as we have I would say in each of our segments. There seems to be some trends here of momentum that I think are quite interesting. Greg I might ask if you can make reference to what we have seen since the beginning of the fiscal year, at least directionally.
Greg Thaxton: Since the beginning of the fiscal year as Ed mentioned we have had a bit of a pop in some demand. You are referencing the 12-week comparison as compared to the prior year so we have some element of comparison to some weaker performance last year but clearly as we look at orders in the current fiscal year which is the last six weeks as compared to the same six weeks of the prior year. The total company, our orders are up 18%.
Edward Campbell: I would just amplify a bit on the environment we are seeing in the technology markets. I will, as we often do, refer to Gartner, as a public data point of reference. Back in September they had put together a forecast for 2010 that indicated they expect spending for packaging and assembly equipment to be up 41% in 2010. They have now raised that forecast from 41% to 53% rate of growth in 2010 and that is not because they are comparing to a weaker 2009. In fact they increased their 2009 forecast and significantly cranked up their 2010 forecast. In automated test equipment that same pattern continues. They are now projecting growth and the demand for automated test equipment and semiconductor markets to grow next year by 60%. I think what we are seeing and what is indicative in some of these public forecasts is that there is a real pop going on in these technology markets and we have seen even just since our Investor Day a real increase in the most recent 12 weeks of technology orders.
Charlie Brady: On the ICF business, the margins there from our perspective were surprisingly strong. Has that business finally turned a corner to where we are in the black now and you would expect that to have positive margins on a go-forward basis?
Edward Campbell: It is going to be driven by volume. The cost reduction efforts and restructuring that the leadership and team in that segment put together has been very significant. Those changes are in place. The organization is stable. It is operating on an entirely different cost base. I think if you just look at the revenue we had in Q4 compared to the revenue in Q3 there is a pivot point in there that is going to be a function of our ability to continue to drive revenue at the levels that would be more positive. We indicated in our comments the volumes that we saw in the fourth quarter reflected improvement from the low point in demand that we saw in Q3 but it also reflected some shifting down of a bit of backlog in the fourth quarter. I think as we go forward we will be operating at a level that is going to be driven by where orders seems to be on a go-forward basis. I think we are probably just in the range of that pivot point and until we see the improvement in orders from the trend they have been here in recent weeks.
Charlie Brady: Is Q3 of this past fiscal year the low point in terms of sales do you think?
Edward Campbell: I do.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville  Keybanc Capital Markets.
Matt Summerville: In the press release I think you mentioned for the full year Nordson was successful in taking about $86 million out of SG&A. I am trying to get a feel for as you build your view on 2010 or fiscal 2010 how much of that do you view as permanent, structural in nature versus how much should we think about coming back through the P&L this year?
Edward Campbell: I will give you some broad strokes. The first quarter was a quarter of transition last year as we had some of our spending reduction efforts implemented but not all. If you look at the dollars of SG&A that the corporation incurred in quarters 2, 3 and 4 you can see we were running $94-96 million kind of run rate. Im sorry, $84-86 million run rate. We talked about on a volume basis being down about $80 million for the full year and about half of that coming back. So if you say half of the 80, $10 million a quarter, I think that gives you some kind of a perspective from that $84-86 million kind of run rate that in broad strokes would be where we anticipate we will be across the year.
Matt Summerville: If we look at that $40 million that sort of comes back, is there a way to bucket that in terms of how much is discretionary spend related versus top line driven? Obviously your selling expense is going to be up if your volume is higher.
Edward Campbell: First of all, we have merit increases we have reinstituted across the board. So we have a level of compensation increase that reflects those changes we have done. We also have a portion of compensation that is tied to the performance of the organization and various forms of incentives. That total set of compensation changes, presuming we hit our performance targets or better, would be more than half of that. Then on top of that we have some things that are tied to travel and probably increased selling and marketing expenses associated with programmatic activities that we believe merit spending in the year to achieve the kind of opportunities we think are out there.
Matt Summerville: I was hoping you could talk about a little bit more in advanced tech. You mentioned in the quarter maybe mix was a little bit adverse. I guess when you look at the order book how should we think about mix going forward? Advanced tech before the downturn prior to some of the acquisitions you made the last few years were running into the 20% or so plus or minus operating margin. Is that a run rate you feel based on the trends you are seeing would be attainable at some point during this fiscal year?
Edward Campbell: First of all let me talk about the quarter. There clearly was mix in the sales that we had in Q4 as it compares to Q3. We had our first big step in recovery in quarter three that was focused within those product lines that had particularly good margins. What we saw in Q4 and what we are seeing the order strength now is strength across all of our product lines and some of those that are comparatively contributing less than some of the others affected that. Revenue that was up to 6% it had a different mix of products and so on. I think as we look into what we see in 2010 obviously there is a volume effect as well. I would expect we would see not necessarily a mix that would turn back more to the second and third quarter necessarily but I think with the kind of forecast that industry observers are saying is available to organizations like Nordson that volume effect is going to provide some lift. As to giving a specific forecast I am not inclined to do that.
Matt Summerville: Can you talk about what your view is on pension expense fiscal 2010 versus fiscal 2009? Ed maybe you could comment how the management transition or the CEO selection process is evolving here?
Greg Thaxton: On pension expense and just for the benefit of everybody else who may be on the call, we measure our liability at the end of our fiscal year. At the end of October of 2008 interest rates were very high and they have come down dramatically to the end of October 2009. So that has a big impact on the discount rate that affects that pension expense. In total, I would estimate pension expense about $6 million in 2009 increasing to about $15 million in 2010.
Edward Campbell: As you will recall, the board of directors announced my desire and intention to retire early in calendar 2010. Obviously the board of directors has been engaged in managing that process on behalf of the corporation and while there is no announcements to be made today I think it is reasonable to project that timetable will be met.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gregory Macosko  Lord Abbett.
Gregory Macosko: Could you give a little color on the impairment charge? I realize it is non-cash and realize it wont affect the individual companies, etc. Could you go through how will that affect the D&A going forward and how much is goodwill versus actual assets?
Greg Thaxton: Of the total charge the majority of that charge is comprised of goodwill. Call it 90% or so of that charge is goodwill. There is no amortization impact associated with that write off. The other largest piece of that were other indefinite live assets that also you dont amortize. So it wont have an effect year-over-year on amortization expense.
Gregory Macosko: Indefinite?
Greg Thaxton: An indefinite live asset would be something like trademark or trade names.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Franzreb  Sidoti and Company.
John Franzreb: I want you to talk a little bit about what is going on in adhesive dispensing. The order book is only about 3%. I wonder within AD are we seeing relative pockets of strength in packaging or weakness in parts and assembly? Could you provide a little bit more color on what is going on in adhesive dispensing and what your thoughts are going into 2010 and how that plays out?
Edward Campbell: As we had in the press release, orders compared to the same period a year ago were up three but if we look sequentially, in other words the most recent 12 weeks compared to the prior 12 weeks, they are up 12% and if I look at the period since the beginning of the fiscal year which is about six weeks, they were up 13%. The strength we are seeing is actually quite broad based. Our packaging business has numbers that look very similar to the segment numbers. The durable goods segment that we call product assembly has similar kinds of sequential numbers. It is really quite broad based. I am encouraged by the fact we are seeing this kind of performance in all product lines within that segment.
John Franzreb: Is that also true across geographies?
Edward Campbell: I dont have that data right in front of me but this is a business generally that is comprised of many, many small customers rather than dominated by a few across the entirety of the segment. I dont think it is dependent upon any narrow group of customers. I will also indicate there has been quite a bounce in orders we have seen since the Investor Day, looking at the absolute dollars of orders we were looking at back in the middle of October versus what we are seeing today in the middle of December. There is real encouraging signs the order pace is strengthening.
John Franzreb: Are we seeing an increase in system work there?
Edward Campbell: Yes. We are seeing an increase in systems as well as parts. In fact, when we see bounces like this where we are talking about 12% growth in sequential volumes or 13% year-to-date kind of volumes those are disproportionately systems because of the stable nature of the spare parts orders.
John Franzreb: Regarding advanced technology it has been talked about a bit but you kind of left out anything on EFD. Can you talk a little bit about what is going on in the EFD side of the business?
Edward Campbell: I guess we tried to make reference to the fact that the order rates in advanced tech for the consumable portions of the business were up nicely as well which is indicative of faster run rates. It has numbers on both sequential basis and year-to-date basis that are up high single digits.
John Franzreb: I hate to go back to this as I know I can check the transcript, but did you saw your SG&A assumption was flat year-over-year for the first quarter?
Edward Campbell: Yes. In nominal dollars. In other words, because the dollar is weaker that means the foreign currencies are stronger and are therefore spending just that line item on the income statement. We have a currency portion and then we have a volume portion. The currency increase is offsetting the volume decrease so on a nominal dollar basis we are saying flat year-over-year.
John Franzreb: What about the increased accruals for compensation?
Edward Campbell: They would be included in that number in the volume.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville  Keybanc Capital Markets.
Matt Summerville: I think you had indicated for the last six weeks the total company has seen an 18% increase in orders. I think that was on the heels of a comment you made, Ed, where you feel that kind of pace is unseasonably strong now. For my benefit is there any kind of historical reference that you can provide that helps put a little more context around that? Then Greg, I was wondering if you were willing to give the 18% if you could give the break down between the segments?
Edward Campbell: Im not sure I can necessarily give you a historical context just sitting here right now. I will put some perspective on the companys total orders. If I look moving away from percentage comparisons to the prior year and just look at what was the order rate we were seeing for the previous 12 weeks from the Investor Day in mid-October in millions of dollars and I compare what it would be looking back in the most recent 12 weeks from last year, orders have increased by $100 million annual run rate. So that is a real meaningful pop. We are operating now with the highest rate of orders we have seen since more than a year now and we are not back at the billion run rate level but we are in the range of $900 million to $1 billion run rate in orders right now.
Matt Summerville: With the conversations you are having with your customers in advanced technology and moving the Gartner forecast aside for a second, just more based on conversations that Nordson is having with its key customers in the space how do you feel about the sustainability of the tempo in that business right now overall?
Edward Campbell: The technology markets generally, as we all know, are cyclical. These cycles can be very independent of economic cycles. They are a function of capacity and demand and most importantly new products and items that could drive consumer demand and the pull through with capital equipment. It is pretty clear beginning in late 2009 continuing into 2010 the broad industrial technology market investment pace has really picked up. So we are now back in the sweet part of the cycle. It is not economically driven, it is just the investment in new technologies. In the world in which we operate, the big drivers that if you will are driving this are associated with all forms of personal computing. They are associated with Smart Phones and they are also associated with a lot of investment in high brightness LED lighting that are being used in flat panel displays. There has been a lot of conversation around televisions. Also all forms of back lighting for computer monitors, notebook computers and all of the other areas where we see flat panel displays are now being manufactured with different types of technologies. So broad based but even within some of the packaging markets we deal with there are disproportionate paces of investment in some of the [stack guy] and entry level packaging concepts that we have talked with Investors about in prior sessions.
Matt Summerville: Are you seeing a pull through on the test businesses at the present time?
Edward Campbell: That business is also strong, yes. In fact, we are seeing that in our own order book and it is reinforced by the observation Gartner is talking about with growth rates being up 60% in 2010.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to you.
Edward Campbell: Thank you. Just as we close I would like to summarize those points I think are key take-aways from todays call. First the impairment charges we booked in the quarter do overshadow somewhat what was otherwise a very strong quarter where net income excluding the charge was approximately equal to that of the prior record year amount. As we have previously stated impairment charges in no way impact this organizations ability to deliver value to our customers or our shareholders. Secondly, Nordsons end markets continue to show signs of improvement and we are pleased with the improvement in order rates both sequentially and also compared with what we had across 2009. This improvement in order rates supports our strong outlook for the first quarter of 2010. Third, the investment we have made in our spending reduction efforts in 2009 have contributed to strong operating performance and excellent cash flow and we expect to see these benefits in 2010. Lastly, during 2009 we continued to make the appropriate investment to improve our competitive position in the marketplace and we are going to continue to do that in 2010 although we will be managing the business with conservative bias regarding operating expenses. So this concludes the call. I would like to thank all of you again for your continuing interest in Nordson.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-08-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation third quarter fiscal year 2009 results conference call. (Operator instructions) Thank you, Mr. Jaye. You may begin your conference.
James Jaye: Thank you. Good morning. This is Jim Jaye, Director of Communications and Investor Relations, with Ed Campbell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, August 21, 2009 on Nordson's third quarter fiscal 2009 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.nordson.com and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Friday, August 28th by calling 1-800-642-1687. You will need to reference ID number 23947653. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a brief question and answer session. I would like to now turn the call over to Edward Campbell for an overview of our third quarter fiscal 2009 results and Nordson's future outlook. Ed?
Edward Campbell: Thank you, Jim and good morning to all of you on the call. Thank you for attending Nordson's conference call discussing our 2009 third quarter results. Our comments this morning will provide highlights of our third quarter performance as well as some perspective relative to our outlook for the fourth quarter. Relative to the third quarter, I am pleased to report that Nordson delivered very solid performance in the quarter with sales, operating profit and earnings per share all improving sequentially. Operating margin and return on sales in the quarter are indicative of very strong operational performance. Compared to a year ago, performance was impacted by the weak global economy. However, as we suggested during last quarters conference call there are positive indicators the global economy is improving and perhaps the worst is behind us. I will be speaking more directly about current trends specific to Nordson and our outlook for the fourth quarter but before that I will turn the call over to Greg Thaxton, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide a summary of our third quarter financial results.
Greg Thaxton: Thank you Ed and good morning to those listening. Regarding third quarter results, sales were $206 million up 29% from the prior year with volume down 24% and unfavorable currency effects reducing sales by 5%. On a segment basis, adhesive dispensing sales volume was down 21% in the quarter as compared to the prior year third quarter and advanced technology and industrial coating and automotive sales volumes were down 23% and 37% respectively, again as compared to the third quarter of 2008. As a general comment, as has been the case for each of the preceding quarters of 2009, some portions of our business associated with consumer nondurable systems as well as consumables and after market demand in all segments has continued to perform comparatively better during the quarter. Most softness as compared to the prior year we have seen in the engineered systems product lines within each of the segments. As we look at our sales performance on a sequential basis, that is the third quarter of 2009 as compared to the second quarter of 2009, sales are up 9% comprised of 5% volume growth and 4% favorable currency effects. Advanced technology was the driver of the sequential improvement as sales increased 38% from the second quarter while adhesive dispensing sales increased 1% and industrial coating and automotive sales declined 10%, all as compared to the second quarter of 2009. With regard to the advanced technology sequential improvement, we noted in our second quarter earnings conference call that we were seeing improving trends in some of our advanced technology end markets and this trend continued during the quarter. The end markets associated with this growth are semiconductor and consumer electronics. Operating margin for the quarter is 18% including $1 million of restructuring charges associated with our spending reduction efforts. Excluding this one-time restructuring charge operating margin is 19% in the quarter. There are two noteworthy items contributing to this strong level of operating margin. First, gross margin of 59% in the quarter is a high mark for Nordson over the last 12 years and is reflective of several factors; a higher concentration of spare parts and consumables in the quarter, a greater mix of higher margin products as compared to prior quarters and a reduction in manufacturing overhead costs. The second item contributing to this level of operating margin is the reduction in selling and administrative expenses of 24% from the prior year. At this pace we are on track to achieve the $80 million savings from the prior year that we previously communicated excluding restructuring charges and before currency effects. On a segment basis, the adhesive segment once again delivered very strong operating margin in the quarter of 29%, up from 28% in the second quarter of 2009 and 27% in last years third quarter. Advanced technologies operating margin improved to 18% in the quarter up from slightly negative in the second quarter of 2009 and 17% in last years third quarter. In addition to the gross margin improvement and operating expense reductions, this segments operating margin clearly benefited from the 38% sequential growth in sales. Industrial coating and automotive operating margin performance has improved on lower overall sales as compared to the previous quarter and we remain optimistic when this segments sales return to the revenue levels of 2007 and 2008 we will see double digit operating margins. Net income for the company in the quarter was $24 million; an increase of 73% over the second quarter of 2009 and at 12% of sales is reflective of solid execution in the quarter. Fully diluted earnings per share is $0.71 in the quarter. In addition to the $0.02 per share charge in the quarter for restructuring charges, the quarters results include a one-time tax benefit of $0.02 per share. Cash measured in the quarter were very strong. Sources of cash in the quarter included net income of $24 million, depreciation and amortization and other non-cash charges of $11 million, working capital of $2 million and changes in long-term liabilities generating $6 million. Uses of cash in the quarter included capital expenditures of $2 million and dividends of $6 million resulting in adjusted free cash flow after dividends of $35 million in the quarter. This quarters performance is more than double the $17 million adjusted free cash flow of last years third quarter. The current quarters EBITDA is $45 million and our debt leverage, measured as debt to total capital, ended the quarter at 25%. Net of cash, this ratio would be 23%. In summary, although we continue to operate in a challenging environment from a sales perspective the organization has responded appropriately and delivered very strong operating performance in the quarter. In addition we generated excellent cash flow and continued to maintain a very strong balance sheet.
Edward Campbell: Thanks Greg.  I will now turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2009 but before I do I would like to add some perspective on the outlook we will share. Although we continue to see significant challenges in the global economy there are indicators that broadly suggest the worst is behind us on a macro basis and several major geographies appear to have turned the corner on recovery. The shape of the recovery is still very uncertain though. Specific to Nordson, I do believe we are also turning the corner as evidenced by our recent order trends provided both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. As a reminder, these are orders for the latest 12 weeks as compared to the same 12 weeks of the prior year on a currency neutral basis. Looking at these orders for the 12 weeks ending August 16th, overall they were down 21% from the same 12 week period in the prior year. At the time of our second quarter conference call in May the order rates were down 25% and orders were down 31% at the time of our first quarter call in February so we are seeing an improving trend in orders. Within adhesives, orders were down 14% from the prior year primarily due to a reduction in those product lines associated with durable end markets which tend to be larger dollar systems such as product assembly systems supporting housing end markets and general industry. Orders associated with consumer nondurable end markets and spare parts have held up fairly well. Regarding advanced technology, 12 week order rates are down 23% from the prior year reflecting an improvement from our 12 week order report we shared in our second quarter conference call where orders were down 33% from the prior year. Although customer volume patterns have not fully recovered, we are seeing improvement in many of the end markets served by this segment including semiconductor and consumer electronics. More specifically, of particular strength recently is our technology supporting low end computing needs and Smart phone applications. Also, as in other segments, orders associated with consumable product lines within this segment have fared reasonably well. Within the industrial coating and automotive segment the latest 12 week order rates are down 38% as this segment continues to be challenged by the weakness in consumer durable end markets. Recovery in this segments end markets tend to lag overall economic recovery. Looking at our order rates on a sequential basis, that is our latest 12 week order rates as of the end of July as compared to the preceding 12 weeks again on a currency neutral basis, orders are up in all segments and up 13% for the company. We have used the end of July as a reference point for the sequential comparison as a way to exclude holiday seasonality as the month of August includes holidays and shut downs in much of Europe as well as Japan. Overall I am pleased with this improving trend in orders and optimistic that business conditions seem to be improving. As we look at the fourth quarter we currently project sales of between $224-235 million. At current exchange rates, currency effects are expected to be neutral as compared to the prior years fourth quarter. On a sequential basis, the midpoint of this guidance represents sales volume growth of 11% with an additional 1% increase due to exchange rates. Given the mix of products assumed in our forecast we expect gross margin to be about 57% in the quarter. Selling and administrative expenses in the quarter including restructuring charges of approximately $2.2 million will be down approximately 23% from last years fourth quarter reflecting very aggressive spending controls. As Greg noted earlier, we are on track to deliver on the $80 million reduction in selling and administrative expenses before currency and restructuring costs. In terms of our outlook for operating margin in the fourth quarter we do expect another strong quarter where the midpoint of the sales guidance would generate operating margin of approximately 19%. This results in earnings per share for the fourth quarter of $0.75 to $0.87 inclusive of restructuring charges estimated to be approximately $0.04 per share. At this midpoint of this range and assuming a consistent share base from the third into the fourth quarter return on sales would be 12% matching the strong performance of quarter three. In summary, the current business environment continues to be very challenging. As such, we have taken significant steps to mitigate the effects on our business by responding very quickly and aggressively to control spending, protect profitability and focus on cash flow. Our strong balance sheet provides an advantage against much of our competition and we do continue to fund those investments that are important to our underlying business. Furthermore, we continue to believe we have the products, organization, talent, resources and liquidity that leaves us in a stronger position relative to our competition and we are well positioned to respond to global economic recovery. Let us now turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Kevin Maczka  BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Maczka: The first question, remarkable gross margin performance to put up a record like that with down nearly 30% revenue. My question is just to try and understand the sustainability there. I guess you are looking for 57% in Q4 but can you talk a little bit more in detail about some of the mix shifts, some of the aftermarket mix that really drove that upside this quarter? Maybe talk about how much different are the margins in some of these high profit products or these aftermarket products and why that might not be the same in Q4 and beyond.
Edward Campbell: Clearly when we look at the revenue that we had this year versus revenue last year it is down big double digit percentages. If you look at what is not in the income statement this year that was in the income statement last year it is disproportionately systems. That is true in each of the businesses by the dollar amounts we have fallen short. Clearly some consumables and spare parts are down somewhat but not nearly as much so we have a favorable mix. Now, those systems that we didnt sell if I can describe it that way, they carry gross margins that are substantially higher than the operating margin of the organization so the recovery of those systems and the associated expenses if you will to install and get those sales, all other things being equal, tend to be accretive to operating margins not to gross margins. We have been able I think to yes generate very strong gross margins because of that mix and we have been able to generate strong operating margins as we have taken out cost, again with a good gross margin as well. I think if we look at the performance we would expect going forward without trying to get specific around time, I think we would see that okay the recovery will disproportionately bring to us systems revenue as compared to incremental parts and consumables revenue and it is reasonable to expect the gross margin to come down. I think as we begin to have a healthier economic environment we will look on a targeted basis to add resources to get that next round of sales or do the things to support the investment initiatives the customers may have and we may see some changes if you will in the spending pattern sequentially as we begin to put bonus programs back in and unfreeze wages, as we have done for the last year. I am very optimistic the changes we have made have taken us to another level in operating margin performance from where we have been and I think we will see shifts within the income statement but I am pretty optimistic the overall operating performance of the company is going to look differently in this recovery than it might have been in another period.
Kevin Maczka: How much higher is the aftermarket spare parts mix now than it typically is?
Greg Thaxton: I would say several percentage points higher than what we have seen historically.
Kevin Maczka: If I could ask one on ICA, I think I heard you say that if revenues get back to the 2007/2008 levels you would expect a double digit EBIT margin there. That seems like that is probably a long way away given the later cycle nature of that business. So is it your expectation, maybe without quantifying anything that those revenues sequentially continue to decline whereas of course the other two units are not?
Edward Campbell: I dont know that I would expect a sequential decline. In fact, in some of the end market segments it is hard to imagine for them to get materially weaker and you have a number of plants out there in various markets where over the past several months they have been operating on reduced shifts, reduced days of the week of production and so on because the demand for some of the products they sell whether it is appliances or office equipment or in fact things that might go directly into housing and the like. Some of the anecdotal things we are hearing about and we are hoping we can connect those dots is we see that shifts are getting added, the amount of incremental production people are engaging in is improving sequentially. We may have because of the lumpy nature of some of the orders we have in this business, sometimes multi-million dollar orders, we can bounce around. But I think the trend from where we would see today is going to be tilting upwards. I would also say just to put it into perspective I think we have a forecast we feel pretty good about for the fourth quarter in terms of the financial performance and profitability we expect to deliver in quarter four and I will tell you we are not assuming any improvement in the profit contribution of that segment in quarter from what we have seen in quarter three.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Franzreb  Sidoti and Company.
John Franzreb: My first question is regarding the cost savings. You kind of inferred last quarter that roughly half of it was variable but given your comments this morning it seems like more of it is going to stick around than we had previously thought. What are your thoughts about how much of the cost savings is sustainable in a recovery?
Edward Campbell: I am going to ask maybe Greg to put some numbers behind what I am going to share. What is in the cost savings this year of course everything has been measured and compared against 2008 which was a year in which we performed well. Those portions of the employee base that have some of their compensation be variable they had the benefit of achieving targets and so we had a year of incentive compensation that was above the zero amount that will be provided to leadership team this year. I would expect assuming 2010 is an average year with various units performing well and perhaps some others being challenged we will see incentive compensation and some amounts being paid that will be all incremental expense to the P&L next year. We expect that with our employee population more broadly we will unfreeze the wages and it is my expectation we will see in our financial performance next year the cost of reestablishment of those kinds of traditional things we have had over time. I think some of the restrictions that we have imposed relative to discretionary spending; some of the travel and some of those other things that have been throttled back will have some amount of increase associated with activity at customers that merit the kind of travel that is productive and useful at a time of increased investment in the marketplace. All of that is going to go up absent the addition of a single employee. We have during this period of time made continuing selective investments in employees as it makes sense for opportunities to fund investments around new products or to support customer activities in some emerging economies where we have not had representatives before. That will continue next year. I think if I look at the structural things we have been able to do in some of our organizations where we have combined some of our engineering teams, for example, or where we have gone to more consolidated production activities in certain places and the like. Some of those structural changes I think will continue regardless of what happens within the economy. I think we have proven to ourselves we can perform at a very high level with resources that are down substantially from what we had before. So, my view is I think about it on a macro basis just to see the gross level of the financial statement. In fact, dating back to the announcement we made in September we said some of the changes we were making as part of the cost reduction program we announced in mid-September is that we expected operating margins to expand by about 2 percentage points from what they otherwise would be. I think some of the benefits of those programs that even were expanded from where we had started back in September have shown that the operating margin we are producing now are substantially higher than the operating margin we had in the last periods of weakness back in 2001, 2002 and 2003. It would be my expectation that we will see good operating margins in 2010 presuming some of the sequential improvement is sustained and maybe even continues even if at only a modest amount. Greg let me I guess see if you want to make anything more specific.
Greg Thaxton: Clearly what you said we will have some of that spending coming back into the P&L but with the structural changes we have made and our focus on modifying our processes and procedures to help prevent some of that spend from coming back into the P&L I still think my estimate would be of that total savings the structural change should allow us to keep I would say half of that out of the P&L and some of the variable spend associated with the travel, compensation and the like. We will see that come back.
John Franzreb: Regarding the timing of that coming back should we be thinking about that as a calendar type of event? Maybe some time next year? Even as just kind of a fiscal event as the fiscal calendar turns? On top of that question, given that advanced technology has come back the quickest, how soon will you have to re-staff there? What kind of revenue levels do you start to think about re-staffing there or adding to the bonus system there compared to the other businesses?
Edward Campbell: All good questions. First of all, in terms of the base salary of our employees around the world we tend to make changes once a year and they tend to be either at the beginning of the fiscal year or in early January depending upon the country. Our first quarter will have assuming all things play out as I described will have higher run rates of spending and I would expect in our December conference call we will quantify some of those numbers just so people get a sense. You can make some assumptions around the employee population and average salaries globally. With regard to bonus systems they tend to be annual plans and we tend to accrue on the financial statement the amounts that we would estimate based on performance as it moves across the year. So we will have within the first quarter income statements both those accruals and some higher based salaries and in the second quarter we will have the full boat because some of those dont kick in until January 1.
John Franzreb: Regarding advanced technology?
Edward Campbell: Let me also comment that all of this is revenue dependent. Back to advanced technologies, first of all with regard to the production activity we flex those resources according to the demand we see. In advanced technology we use part time workers and temporary if we have a surge of work going through. We do everything we can to protect the job security of our permanent employees. That flexing occurs on an ongoing basis. Im sure we have resources on some of these units today that are higher than you saw back in January and February. With regard to the portion of the spending that has to do with selling and administrative resources that is sort of semi-variable if you will. That is more associated with the investment opportunities or if we have a major investment program occurring within one of our customers and they have a very significant branch of resources within that facility then we might add some support personnel in that local site to enable the quality of service and support that we give the customer to be there. These are frankly lost in the scope of the margins that kind of curtail in my example would support.
John Franzreb: The revenue outlook and the margin outlook for next quarter, does that kind of assume more systems sales and adhesive dispensing given your comments in coatings? Is it less of parts mix? Can you just give a little bit of color to what you are expecting as far as systems and parts in Q4?
Edward Campbell: I guess the answer is all of the above. We do expect more systems sales as a percentage of the total. We work that margin estimate from a bottoms up basis across our various business units. Then look at system shipments they would expect to ship before the end of the fiscal year. They will factor those in. So it bottoms up rather than top down. It is not unlike the process we used in the outlook we gave you in the third quarter and Greg our outlook for the third quarter I think was 57 also? Was it?
Greg Thaxton: No, our outlook for the third quarter as in the 55
Edward Campbell: Okay so what that does to us is so we had more revenue when we had more margin. Sometimes some of those estimates that are bottoms up and we of course will look at it from a consolidated basis and upon our best judgment but we also have good mix or we have success in realizing systems sales at better margins than we might have anticipated. Sometimes we had geographic mix where we enjoy better performance on a system or part in that particular territory than we might in a different one. Our ability to very precisely forecast this stuff has its boundaries but I think reflected in our fourth quarter forecast is that bottoms up view based upon where we think we will be.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville  Keybanc Capital Markets.
Matt Summerville: A couple of questions. First, if you can comment in the second quarter I asked a question regarding the sustainability of the operating margin performance and obviously that improved sequentially. I think some of your comments led me to believe that run rate was not sustainable due to in part the favorable mix you were enjoying which obviously looked to continue in the third quarter. I guess as to your comments this morning and moving in the other direction maybe you do think this kind of run rate in margin in adhesives is sustainable even if mix starts to swing against you in 2010. I just want to make sure I understand all these dynamics correctly.
Greg Thaxton: It is a good question. The margins that we enjoy on a gross margin basis in that business are obviously reflective of good margin positioning and differentiated product offerings. The systems versus parts mix we have been experiencing has been very favorable on an average basis but we have within the adhesive businesses seen shortfalls in the demand for some of the engineered systems and we have seen shortfalls with regard to demand for some of the things that we sell through OEMs that come in thinner margins than the average in other systems and would come in a lot lower than the spare parts. Our cost to deliver those systems though is not large. So these systems are accretive to operating income and would come in obviously better than the kind of operating margins that we perform. So as long as we can control the cost structure of the organization I think I am more optimistic than I probably was a quarter ago we can maintain these kinds of operating margins. Widening them becomes more challenging of course but I think for the reasons we have been talking about today I think we are going to work hard to see if we cant sustain this and establish with the structures we have put in place a new target for ourselves.
Matt Summerville: In your prepared remarks I believe you indicated, and I think it is helpful to talk about as well, the sequential order performance for the company overall I believe was plus 13% for the period ended July. Can you comment on what sequential order activity looked like by business segment?
Edward Campbell: I am going to let Greg look at his numbers and decide what he feels. We typically dont do that.
Matt Summerville: You have been providing year-over-year order activity for awhile and there is definitely more of an emphasis on your part in both your comments today and your comments on the last call that you want us to focus sequentially and I thought it might be helpful.
Edward Campbell: I will tell you they are all up. Using that same data sequentially all three segments are up. The advanced technology segment is up most sharply. That is reflective, I would like to actually come back and talk a little bit about what is going on in some of the advanced technology end markets, but we are also seeing sequential improvement within our industrial coating and automotive segment that is not significant. That may be too strong of a statement but it is very meaningful.
Greg Thaxton: You are talking about sales sequential Q3 versus Q2? Quarters?
Matt Summerville: Quarters.
Greg Thaxton: So it is strongest in advanced tech followed by ICA with adhesives being the most stable as it typically is. Meaningful itself as well.
Matt Summerville: My next question was a little more detail on what you are seeing in advanced tech so if you want to go ahead and make those comments that would be great.
Greg Thaxton: We talked about the fact that revenue was up 38% sequentially quarter two to quarter three. We have seen that in a couple of different end markets as I mentioned in my comments, both low end computing technology as well as Smart phones. This would be to the whole supply chain, these products are becoming increasingly complex and the componentry that goes into various of these end market products has a whole network of areas where there is a lot of investment going on. This is not just something you will hear from Nordson but I think you are going to hear it from other people. If I use, and I often times quote Gartner as a publicly available data source, the most recent thing I think we quoted March data when we were together last time when they were forecasting for 2009 packaging and assembly equipment would be down 47% but in 2010 rebound by 30%. They have since updated that in June and now the expectation of growth for packaging and assembly equipment in the semiconductor equipment markets is to be up 42% next year and then as they described the demand for things like test and measurement they use terms like explosive growth and the fact they are beginning to see some signs of change. Then more recently another data point that is more recent has been the earnings announcement at the end of July of [inaudible]. They talked about their sequential growth wherein their quarter third ending at the end of June their revenue was up 106% from the second quarter and their outlook for revenue growth in their fourth quarter which would be end of September would be up between 85-90% because of really very strong dynamic demand they are seeing in a lot of end markets. I guess I would say there clearly is, you have heard it in our comments and in our conference call three months ago and we are continuing to see several different sectors not only is it those two I mentioned but we are seeing life science continue to be plugging away. We have seen steady demand for some small bits of aerospace and in military that we have access to as well in some of our business units. So it is very encouraging we are seeing sustained activity and we see it not just in our own orders but we see it in the people that we see out there in the network of companies that there is a lot of stuff going on in the technology markets right now with I think some growing enthusiasm that not just this year but next year is going to be significant.
Matt Summerville: Are your customers in advanced tech starting to put together their capital budgets yet for fiscal 2010? I guess in the conversations you are having with them do the numbers they talk about or the numbers they are discussing with you do they sort of line up with what you have shared from other non-Nordson sources and the comments you just made?
Edward Campbell: I would say it is interesting. Our customers fall into various different categories. There are some well known companies out there that they will give you an order and say can I have it tomorrow and the visibility is not particularly meaningful or useful. Then there are other people that take different approaches that might give you a very long-term forecast with milestones across those time periods and continuing to update it. I would say if we look at all of the sources of input that we have, it appears that there is a lot of very good things going on. I dont want to overstate this either. There are also some segments, some large global accounts we would deal with that are important in some of these markets that have not really begun to step up and make big capital expenditures. So as we sit here in August of 2009 where they are talking about industry investment being significantly below where they were in 2008 there are sectors that are contributing to that less than robust total activity but there is a lot of rumbling out there and of course we are seeing very meaningful expansion in the pace of business we are getting.
Matt Summerville: Back to orders, the current pace of orders you are seeing for Nordson overall right now, would that coincide with year-over-year order growth in the fourth quarter as you are up against the first large negative comparison?
Edward Campbell: Im sorry, would you say that again?
Matt Summerville: I guess I am trying to get, if you look at the pace of incoming orders Nordson is seeing right now would that number suggest that as we move into fiscal fourth quarter would that support year-over-year growth in overall orders? Im trying to think about the fact you face a pretty sizeable negative comparison beginning when the credit markets froze. I guess Im trying to get a sense of are we back above that pace?
Edward Campbell: Back above the pace we had seen, that we were experiencing in October and November of last year?
Matt Summerville: Yes.
Edward Campbell: Clearly our run rate, if you use the midpoint of our guidance and do a full year, our revenue of $811 million or some such number as that in terms of the full year there was a period of time if you just looked at what was going on with our shipments and our backlog in the first part of the year we were well below that. Well below those amounts. Correspondingly the run rates we have been at right now if you annualize the fourth quarter we are talking about $900 million kind of pace. So we are seeing that kind of sequential growth. It is kind of the 11% number on the $800-900 million. Those kinds of ranges that we are seeing sequentially going on and we are going to get to a point where we are lapping where we were a year ago and I think there will be some interesting comparisons and we will be operating as we enter that period with a lot less expense than we were a year ago.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak  Barrington Research.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to try and put some numbers to the leverage ratio in the discussion you had earlier. It sounds to me like the recovery is sustainable especially in Asia and that the margins are sustainable, operating margins and the 16-17% rate because of the costs out. Is that right?
Greg Thaxton: In other words we are talking about 18 this quarter. You do the arithmetic as we mentioned in our guidance on the various lines on the income statement. We are expecting 19% in quarter four at the midpoint of our guidance. The first quarter is traditionally a seasonally slower quarter and we will have a little more expense cranked into the income statement but you do the math on that and I would think that if this environment sustains itself at the level we have seen now with a little bit of sequential growth taking out seasonal factors, I think we are going to have some nice comparisons as we enter 2010 compared to the very challenging times we had back in 2009.
Walter Liptak: Fair enough. I guess Im trying to factor in if revenue is flat next year which it doesnt sound like it is going to be, it sounds like it is going to be up, these high teens margins are a new operating structure. A new return rate for Nordson?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, we did 17% operating margin in 2006 and again in 2008. I think if you do the four quarter average of what we have talked about in our guidance and the actual numbers we have for nine months we are talking about something order of magnitude that is 14% for this year and I think as we get full year benefit of this new cost structure even with some additional costs that would factor in we are going to be operating at a level that whatever the revenue is assuming it doesnt go down from where we are it is competitive with what we had in our best years of late. I think with any meaningful recovery we might be able to hit some new high water marks.
Walter Liptak: That is the thing, the new high water mark. If you just take out and do simple mathif you added $50 million in revenue it sounds like $25 million of that could fall to the operating line? If that were the case then you would be talking about operating profits in the low 20s again? Or I guess that would be like you said a new high water mark.
Greg Thaxton: Again, I will use your math. I think the $25 million gross margin would be a little bit better on that $50 million kind of assumption. On 3,750 employees we are going to have call it on average 3-4% cost inflation plus some incentive compensation that creeps back in. We will probably have, and I dont want to throw a number out because it would be wrong, but we will have some offset to that increased gross margin in there. I am not ready to embrace your low 20s but I think you can do the math pretty simply on that inflation.
Walter Liptak: Because of the cost out, we are looking at Nordson that is going to have high returns in the next up cycle than it has ever had previously.
Edward Campbell: At least in the last 20 years. I think that is right.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Blumenthal  BMO Advisors.
Scott Blumenthal: Ed considering the remarks you made a little bit earlier, I am not sure if it was you or Greg, that parts were several percentage points higher than historically. Can we assume that most of that percentage in the product type mix came from these systems portion of the business and that the standard products were kind of flat?
Edward Campbell: No, I dont know if you can necessarily say that. The mix is clearly more consumables and spare part and less systems. Now the split between standard systems and engineered systems which is one we typically speak to periodically, I think we have seen both weakness in some of the standard systems particularly in our adhesive markets where for example some of the OEMs have not had customers making the investments even in these nondurable markets but the plants are still running and the spare parts are still being consumed. Then as you get over in lets say industrial coating and automotive those are what you have asked or postulated is correct. We have seen particular weakness in some of the engineered systems because they tend to carry a higher price tag. So it is really across both of those.
Scott Blumenthal: So when you say or when Greg said that parts and spares was several percentage points higher than historically, are we talking double digits percentage higher?
Greg Thaxton: No it would be more close to mid single digits.
Scott Blumenthal: The $1 million in restructuring charges, where does that appear and in which number is that?
Greg Thaxton: In the financial exhibits with our press release it is in the corporate managed number.
Scott Blumenthal: One other modeling question. Did you give a tax rate assumption for Q4?
Greg Thaxton: We did not but I would use 35%.
Operator: I am not showing any further questions at this time. Do you have any closing remarks?
Edward Campbell: I do operator. Thank you. Let me summarize it by what I believe are the take aways from todays call. The economy does appear to be turning the corner and more specific to Nordson we are pleased with the improvement in order rates and sequential improvement in sales during the year. Our favorable mix and spending reduction efforts have generated strong operating performance and excellent cash flow. Nordson does have its sectors of comparative strength and these include our spare parts and used once then disposed components, our nondurable end markets like packing and non-woven, life science, technology and other emerging markets and applications and cost saving systems and we continue to make the appropriate investment to improve our competitive position in the marketplace. So as I conclude the call let me again thank all of you for your continuing interest in Nordson Corporation. This ends the call.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-02-20 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning.  My name is Rebecca and I will be your conference operator today.  At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation first quarter fiscal year 2009 results conference call.  (Operator instructions). Thank you, Mr. Jaye.  You may begin your conference.
James Jaye: Thank you.  Good morning.  This is Jim Jaye, Director of Communications and Investor Relations, with Ed Campbell, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Thaxton, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, February 20, 2009 on Nordson's first quarter fiscal 2009 results.  Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.nordson.com and will be available for 14 days.  There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Friday, February 27th by calling 1-800-642-1687.  You will need to reference ID number 84392409. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  During this conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ.  After our remarks we will have a brief question and answer session. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Edward Campbell for an overview of our first quarter fiscal 2009 results and Nordson's future outlook.  Ed?
Edward Campbell: Thank you, Jim and good morning to all of you on the call.  Thank you for attending Nordson's conference call discussing our 2009 first quarter results.  My comments this morning will provide highlights of the performance in the first quarter as well as provide some perspective relevant to our outlook for the second quarter. Regarding first quarter results, sales were $187 million, down 24% from the prior year.  Sales volume was down 19% and unfavorable currency effects reduced sales by 5%.  The quarter's revenue performance was obviously impacted by the global economic slowdown and perhaps more importantly, the near collapse of the financial sector, which occurred shortly before the start of our first quarter still exists today in the form of very tight and expensive credit. The resulting absence of liquidity on a global basis has caused companies to abruptly stop spending. I would also make the point that the time period covered by our first quarter overlap several holidays during which many, many companies reacted to this economic environment by extending holiday shut downs beyond the normal week shut downs we've seen other years.  This would include CHaimese New Year, which was the last week in January and impacts much of Asia. With regard to segment revenue performance in the quarter, adhesive dispensing volume was down 11% compared to the prior year first quarter.  And advance technology and industrial coating in automotive volume were both down 27%, again as compared to the first quarter of 2008. As a general comment, the portions of our business that are associated with consumer nondurable and after market demand performed comparatively better during the quarter.  Also two of our product lines within adhesives associated with longer lead time system orders experienced strong performance in the quarter relative to the prior year. Where we do see softness in each of the segments is in our large dollar system businesses which was highlighted in our last conference call as we talked about ordering trends heading into the quarter.  Those areas of our business with an industrial coatings and automotive segment associated with consumer durable end markets have continued to be soft and the advanced technology segment is being impacted by the slowdown in spending across most of the end market served, including semiconductor and consumer electronics. Geographic revenue data has been included with the earnings release and I'll share a few comments about this information.  U.S. volume in the quarter, down 23%, is largely driven by softness in the large dollar system product line in each of our three segments.  This would include product assembly, which is in our adhesive segment as well as the powder and automotive product line within the industrial coating and automotive segment. Again most end markets in advanced technology are soft on a global basis impacting revenue in all geographies.  Regarding Asia Pacific where volume is down 29%, this performance is largely impacted by the weakness in advanced technology markets as much of the demand for these end markets is produced in this geography.  First quarter adhesive volume in Asia Pacific was up as compared to the prior year. Operating profit as reported is 7% of sales and this includes $8 million of restructuring charges associated with our spending reduction program announced in September.  Excluding the one time restructuring charge, operating margin would be 11% in the quarter.  I will also add parenterically that the gain on a real estate sale of $5 million is below the line in operating income and does not inflate this operating margin of 11% with the one time item. In a period with reduction in sales of 24%, this performance demonstrates our organization's ability to respond to external challenges with appropriate actions to reduce spending.  In addition to the spending reduction actions discussed at our last conference call, which included head count reductions announced in September of 2008, as well as a freeze on compensation, this quarter's performance also benefit from our tight management of travel, overtime compensation, marketing expenditures, and other discretionary spending. However, the quarter did not reflect a full quarter savings as most of the head count reductions were completed in the second half of the quarter. On a segment basis, the adhesive segment has once again delivered very strong margins in the quarter or 25%, up from 23% last year.  In addition to the benefit of our focus on spending management, this segment's margin was also helped by a higher mix of standard systems and after market parts that carry higher gross margins. Both the advanced technology and industrial coating in automotive margins were impacted sales volume declines that more than offset the reduction in spending generated in these segments.  I would also like to add that the majority of the head count reduction actions within advanced technologies were not implemented until early in the second quarter. Net income for the quarter was $11 million or 6% of sales, and fully diluted earnings per share was $.33 in the quarter.  And again this quarter's result included two nonrecurring items, restructuring charges of $8 million and a gain on the sale of real estate for $5 million.  Excluding these two items, adjusted earnings per share would be $.39 for the quarter and the return on sales would be 7%. Cash measurements in the quarter were very strong where an addition to net income and depreciation and amortization of $8 million, sources of cash, including working capital, of $10 million, and reduction of property plant equipment and other long-term assets, net of capital expenditures $2 million. Dividends were $6 million in the quarter resulting in adjusted free cash flow of $25 million in the quarter.  The current quarter's EBITDA was $28 million and our debt leverage, as measured as debt to total capital, ended the quarter at 33%.  Net of cash this (inaudible) would be 31%. In summary, I'm pleased with the way our organization has responded to these unprecedented global forces.  We have maintained reasonable profitability in a quarter that is typically our weakest quarter and this particular first quarter overlays a very difficult period that included frozen credit markets, a global occurrence of plant shutdowns around holiday periods, and a general pause in capital spending as customers assess the impact of the abrupt global economic slowdown. In addition, we have generated excellent cash flow in the quarter allowing us to maintain a very strong balance sheet, which is critical in these uncertain times. I'd now like to turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the second quarter of 2009, but before I would like to add some perspective on the outlook we'll share.  The U.S. and global economies continue to operate against a set of challenges more difficult than any of us has faced in our lifetime. And yet as difficult as these times are and in every scenario that we believe is reasonable Nordson remains profitable with positive cash flows during 2009.  Looking at order trends, we've provided recent demand data as measured by orders both on a segment and geographic basis with our press release. We're confident that these orders are not reflective of a change in our competitive position, rather these order trends highlight that we're still in an environment where customers operate with a cash preservation focus. I would also like to highlight again that the time period covered by this 12-week period, ending February 15th, includes a period of many extend holiday plant shutdowns globally.  A recent positive indicator is the credit market seem to be thawing somewhat since the beginning of the calendar year both in terms of pricing and demand.  In addition our order trends over the last few weeks appear to have leveled off. However, it is premature for us to imply that we've seen the bottom and I dont think thats the case with the global economy.  Regarding the orders for the last 12 weeks ending February 15th, measured in constant currency, our orders overall were down 31% from the same 12-week period in the prior year. Within adhesives, orders are down 19% from the prior year, primarily due to reduction in those products lines associated with larger dollar systems such as product assembly in nonwovens.  Within this segment, orders for spare parts have held up very well interrupt year-over-year in certain geographies. Regarding advanced technology, 12-week order rates, which are down 43% from the prior year, we are seeing more, most softness again within the large dollar system businesses that is most pronounced in Asia Pacific. Again as another segment, orders associated with the consumable product lines within this segment have fared better than the systems product lines.  Within industrial coating and automotive, the latest 12-week orders are down 47% as this segment continues to be challenged by the weakness in consumer durable end markets where our customer's buying behavior reflects a pause in spending. With this (inaudible) order trends, we've recently implemented additional spending reduction efforts associated with the reduction in head count.  Our second quarter results will therefore include a charge of approximately $5.5 million and we expect a savings associated with this recent action of approximately $8 million in the current year that will more than offset the investment. The annualized effect of these latest actions is a savings of $13 million.  You will recall that we announced a spending reduction program back in 2008 that was primarily associated with headcount in the adhesives and industrial coating and automotive segments.  This most recent action is primarily associated with advanced technology and combined with our 2008 headcount action, will result in savings of $28 million in 2009 and over $40 million on an annual basis.  These actions are largely complete. Over and above these savings, we have reduced discretionary spending that will yield an additional $30 million or so this year.  These include manufacturing overhead savings to offset under absorption, a worldwide freeze on wage increases, and lower operating costs associated with plan facility consolidations.  We've also put in place very tight control on capital expenditures. As we look at the second quarter, we currently project buying will improve by about 3% sequentially from the first quarter.  This sequential growth will be offset by recent appreciation of the dollar against most major currencies resulting in flat revenue comparisons to the first quarter. This outlook acquaints to a decline from last year's second quarter volume of between 27% to 31%.  Currency effects are expected to create a headwind of approximately 7%, compared to last year resulting in overall sales for the quarter of down 34 to 38% as compared to the prior year's second quarter.  Given the mix of products, we should see gross margins around 55%. Spending in the quarter, excluding restructuring costs, will be down approximately 23% reflecting very aggressive spending controls.  This outlook result in earnings per share for the second quarter of $.17 to $.32.  This range is after restructuring charges.  Net of other one-time effects in the second quarter, they're estimated to be approximately$.04 per share. We do believe that 2009 will be a very challenging year for all capital goods suppliers.  And as previously outlined we have taken significant steps to mitigate the effects in our businesses. This management team has responded very quickly and aggressively to control spending.  Our cash flow remains relatively strong even in this down year in revenue our business generates a lot of cash which coupled with the available free board under our credit facilities ensure that we will be continue to maintain a strong balance sheet providing financial strength as a competitive advantage. Furthermore, we believe we have the products, organization, resources, and liquidity that positions us to gain share during these turbulent times.  And in closing let me state that we expect that conditions will likely worsen further before they begin to improve. In our approach to this environment we are not making decisions based upon any single point forecast or an expectation that the global economy will improve any time soon.  We have taken the steps we need to take now but if conditions do deteriorate we are prepared to respond as may be necessary. Never the less I am confident the steps we have taken or will take, as the case may be, the liquidity we enjoy, the fundamental strength of Nordson's businesses and the quality of our organization will see us through these challenges and leave us in a stronger position relative to our competition when markets return to normality. Let me now turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions).  Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Macaka, you have the floor, sir.
Kevin Maczka: Good morning everyone.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Kevin Maczka: Ed, I guess my first question is on margins.  I thought it was a remarkable performance that you could increase gross margins year-over-year in this macroenvironment when your revenues are down 24%.  And it sounds like you're looking for them more like 55 in the second quarter.  But yet you just talked about all the headcount reductions and other cost savings that did hit until late in Q1 or even into Q2. So I guess maybe just give a little more color on how you achieved that margin and why it may not hold up as well going forward?
Edward Campbell: Well, first of all in terms of how we achieved the margin its two issues.  Its mix and its cost reductions in both the manufacturing segment, as well as, on the operating margin level of the SG&A. Mix obviously is a very strong determinant.  We've not had the decline in parts and some of the consumables that we have had in systems.  And, in fact, we have positive comparisons year-over-year in terms of some of the parts and consumables, not all areas but some. And the good margins we've received there in quarter one reflect that relationship.  With regard to quarter two I point out that currency has moved quite a bit.  I know a couple analysts that follow Nordson have commented this morning that the results for the second quarter feel a little weaker than might have been expected given the Dow Jones interview that we participated in last week.  And that was actually published this week but the interview occurred last week. And I might point out that two things have occurred there.  First, the early part of last week which was when we were compiling the forecast that we shared in that interview the Euro, for example, was at over $1.30 per one Euro and in the last several days it has gone from over $1.30 to below $1.26. And it the guidance that we have published with our press release yesterday and discussed this morning we moved the center point of the forecast to be based on $1.26 per Euro and the same conditions are true with regard to the yen.  It's moved in the last week or so from 90 yen to the dollar to now it's in the 93 plus and our forecast was based  is now based on 93 versus the previous 90 and then that runs to both gross margins, as well as, to pressure on the whole income statement. The thing that has happened here of late with regard to currency is the yen has started to move.  The yen has been very strong here over the last several months during the entirety of this whole financial difficulties in world markets.  But here in the last few days the dollar has strengthened against the yen considerably and that does have an impact. The other point that I'll mention about our guidance for quarter one regarding quarter two rather, is that a week ago as we shared some guidance with Dow Jones we used a bottoms up forecast as the basis upon our comments about quarter two compared to quarter one. And we have chosen to make the center point of that forecast rather than a mid-point of a range we've made it at the high end of the range because we want to ensure that whatever weakness may be creeping into some of the world markets that we've seen even in recent days we dont want to be overly aggressive in our guidance and which is not to say we think it is overly conservative but we have shifted that forecast to be the high point rather than the mid-point.
Kevin Maczka: Okay so you're deliberately getting more conservative just in the way you handle guidance in general?
Edward Campbell: I would say that my own view of observing things that are developing in world markets in recent days you know so much of this is tied to confidence and as we've seen a word of great concerns about what's happening in Eastern Europe.  I think some concerns that are being manifested in financial markets of late about the continued weakness in the financial markets as well as some concerns about the effectiveness and timeliness of stimulus plans in various places that tells me that perhaps we haven't yet seen the bottom. But the broader point I'd make it is very difficult to forecast.  Who knows what this global economy is going to look like in April.
Kevin Maczka: Okay thanks for that Ed, and then your commentary around customer shut downs and the holiday periods, things like that, I guess can you just talk about how your order is down 31% in the last 12 weeks, how that progressed through the quarter and are you trying to imply that now that we're beyond holidays and shut downs and things like that, that you know that maybe those order trends get better even in the macro kind of stays unchanged?
Edward Campbell: Sure.  Kevin, it's interesting as we look  when we report these various order trends we're comparing to another period rather than reporting in the absolute.  And it's interesting that in the 12 weeks in the prior year, in fact, it was the oldest, if I could say it that way, of those 12 weeks.  The oldest four weeks so it's the last week in November and the first three weeks of December of the last fiscal year so that's 2007 calendar basis but fiscal 2008 were the strongest four weeks in the entire fiscal year. And so we have a real spike in orders a year ago that's comparing and if we just look at sequential orders they have been relatively flat here across the entirety of this 12-week period.  And we're not seeing any kind of a trend downward if we just look at the individual data points or perhaps very slight. Clearly during the two weeks around Christmas there is a real dearth of orders in all Western economies and correspondently in the last week February or January rather there is a weakness of orders in places like China.  But I'm not necessarily saying that we have seen the bottom in Nordson's order patterns but we've been bouncing along a fairly level point. And in fact while we've reported 31% down across the last 12 weeks our most recent data point, for example, was down 24.  So that and one week believe me does not make a trend but I'm just I guess trying to say that we dont see continuing deterioration.  Perhaps it's due to the fact that we're coming out of this holiday period and so we're intercepting a different trend line as plants are back up to a more stable level of running.  It's not clear. Let me make one other point and it's analogous to some of the work that we're doing, as well, here at Nordson.  We continue to see in many industries plants working less than full 40-hour types of production weeks.  And you will see plants that are working three days out of the five.  You will see plants that are working with fewer numbers of people or fewer lines proceeding.  And, in fact, we've done some of that ourselves as we have tried to balance the resources in our factories to the quantity of orders and production that we need to ship. And it's a continuing method that many manufacturers are using to keep things in balance.
Kevin Maczka: Okay, thanks for all that, Ed, and just one clarification if I could.  You said spending you expect down 23% year-over-year in Q2 was that your SG&A line item?
Edward Campbell: Yes, it is.
Kevin Maczka: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.  You have the floor, sir.
Charles Brady: Thanks, good morning.  Hey, Ed, can you just talk with respect to an adhesive and the spare parts business you mentioned that, that beared better than some of larger dollar types of products.  But I guess I'm just wondering was that in fact sparse up year-on-year?  And then can you speak just kind of the visibility you have on those type of products and similarly I guess with advanced tech on the consumables business.  A similar type question in terms of you know was it actually up year-on-year relative to a year ago? Or was you know and what's your visibility on the consumable side in advanced tech?
Edward Campbell: Sure, let me start with adhesives.  The spare parts and other very standard systems that are part of the adhesive systems segment were not up year-on-year in all geographies.  But they were up that way in a number.  And in other areas they were down a little bit as they are apt to do in this kind of a period. But they tend to be very stable.  And the reason that they're stable is the underlying production of packaged foods and consumable hygiene products like disposable baby diapers and so on.  You know people don't do a wait and see on buying food.  In fact, there are some arguments that would say that people are dining out less and eating in more that actually is helpful for some of these different types of products. But within that segment we also have some durable goods related markets.  Albeit a minority of the total sales in the segment but as we sell systems to manufacturers of windows and doors and furniture and appliances those are the kind of projects that  in plants that would be less apt to be expanding production.  And so as a result you might not see the big systems when they want to add an increment of new capacity or new capability.  You know those are generalities I'm making and so the parts versus the systems have that kind of bias. Standard packaging parts, for example, and standard packaging systems would tend to be more normal and more robust and less so in the durable goods.  As to visibility because we tend to ship these parts to our customers the same day they give us the order and we have proven to them that we have that kind of availability they tend to not tell us ahead of time that you know we need two dozen hoses or some such spare part as that. And so we dont have visibility but these things are quite stable over time.  And our production capacity is correspondingly geared to respond to that kind of quick turnaround build on demand.  And so we can flex quite easily.  But as it pertains to financial forecasting it's all we can really look at is macro trends and momentum rather than have any customer based visibility as to where it's going to be. Now if I turn to advanced tech, again, we have within advanced tech a very broad range of different product lines and components and even into markets that we're selling to.  So that large plasma systems or x-ray systems that would tend to find their usage in semiconductor manufacturing facilities or in large scale consumer electronics facilities that carry price tags that are often as not over $100,000 then less or multiple of that.  These are products that are going to be scrutinized more carefully by customers who are trying to watch their own cash resources. At the other extreme we have plastic use once and dispose components that would be used as the plastic dispensers to carry materials produced by various types of adhesives and other electronic material makers, for example.  And these are directly tied to the pace of production as compared to capacity that needs to be added.  And these are much more stable over time and would tend to be influenced by the run rates of the various businesses and customers that they're sold too. Now within that we have customers that would range from semiconductor and electronic assemblers at one extreme to life science customers that frankly have had no impact and continue to grow in these kind of market conditions. And so these plastic component portions of our advanced tech product lines are negatively influenced by electronic end markets but not nearly to the extent both because of the mix to other favorable end markets and because they're tied to run rates rather than capacity.  As to visibility we have pretty good visibility with big systems and by pretty good I mean these things are not shipped within one day but tend to be measured in multiple weeks. Usually within a quarter but sometimes accompanied with non-binding forecast extending beyond that and whereas the plastic components those were all shipped the same day we get the orders.  And so we have no visibility there.  Is that?
Charles Brady: That's great color, Ed, thanks very much.  I'll get back in the queue.
Edward Campbell: Okay, Charlie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Franzreb of Sidoti and Company.  You have the floor, sir.
John Franzreb: Good morning, Ed.
Edward Campbell: Hi, John.
John Franzreb: I guess my first question is in your closing comments you said you thought things would worsen before they improved.  But then if I heard you correctly you said that the order rates are sequentially generally flat and that you're forecasting volume to be up 3%, I think it was or 2 or 3% in the next quarter, could you just talk  what are you talking about when you saying things are going to get worse before they improve? Are you talking about the macros, talking about the business, can you just clarify that a little bit?
James Jaye: Absolutely, yes when I talked about I think things are going to get worse before they get better I am talking about the global economy.  And I'm you know as a student of these types of things I guess I watch all these indicators very carefully and I dont think we've seen the bottom yet. I think there is a lot of reason to believe that the impact of decreasing demand on employment and a variety of other conditions themselves have secondary effects that have some lag before we really see the consequences of reduced, you know, further reductions in consumer spending and all that does to everything from retailers to real estate property owners and on it sadly spirals. And I think the stimulative effects of government programs may be having effects with regard to bank liquidity but I think there is quite a delayed effect that we're going to see in consumer spending levels and consumer confidence and so you know if I had to bet up versus down from this point today I'd say we've got another round of things that we're going to hear and in public news announcements on a macroeconomic level. We may not see from here, in my personal opinion, the same pace of declines but I think the absolute direction is further weakness.  Now if I shift back to Nordson you know we have both the real data we have from customers and the real trends that our sales organizations are seeing both with regard to existing customers but also some very good work they're doing in building the business.  And I'm going to come back to that in a minute because I think it's an important point. And that generates for us a bottoms up forecast but then we apply our own color to based upon sort of some of those macroeconomics that Campbell is adding to the mix and Greg correspondingly does as well and we come up with something has got some maturity around it because you know we collectively, you and us, are on uncharted territories here. And so that 3% reflects the mix of those opinions and bottom up forecast but I'll also share with you that there are sequentially more work days where plants tend to be open in quarter two than quarter one because of the holidays.  And it's very normal for the quarter two to be higher than quarter one. But we sort of have the intersection of in quarter two a full quarter of the full impact of current weakness but more work days as compared to the first quarter's some declines still occurring at the beginning of quarter one but fewer work days.  And you net those two out and we get the positive three in volume. Let me come back to this point about what our sales organizations are doing and seeing.  And it really is quite interesting I think.  Theres no doubt, particularly in durable good markets and technology markets, there is large scale customers and factories that are building and selling less product.  And whether it is appliance makers or cell phone makers, you know, these are big segments of some of the end markets that we sell to in the vines lower and theres no doubt we have direct impacts and you see it in the order rates. On the other hand, weve got a sales organization that is motivated and incented to go out there and find ways to build the business.  And my observation is we are working in environments, competing against, in many cases, small private, regional competitors that are suffering.  And we are having more wins of competitor new applications. We are seeing customers that are looking to find ways to take cost out and as one of the sales managers wrote to me the other day, he said, In our business it is to save people money and theres never been a better time to work with customers to enable to do that. And were finding ways to frankly, gain share, sell new technology, convert people to more efficient lines, things for example, on linkwork systems, something that weve talked about in prior calls that are a point of productivity for bottlers and can companies that are putting labels on bottles and labels.  That business is up 65% in the first quarter from the same period a year ago. Were seeing our high speed segment 5 PA electric jets.  Picodostec was the acquisition we bought back in 2007.  These products are very high speed and enabling people to do all sorts of things and the wins were getting is just very exciting.  And some of that, if you will, runs counter to these macroeconomic forces that Ive talked more broadly about.
John Franzreb: I guess in a related question, you know, based on (inaudible) the historical trends are based on maybe the pent up demand that you are hearing from the sales force.  Which segments would you expect to see orders to turn first, based on the current outlook?
Ed Campbell: I first of all would say, that the technology markets, semiconductor and electronics, are going to, to a certain extent, be geared to new consumer electronics that, you know, the IPOD phenomenon, for example, using that as one that we all understand and capacity in some of these fixed capacity type economic business relationships. As compared to a more confidence driven set of equations that would hit some of the markets like industrial coating and automotive, as well as some of the small durable goods segments within adhesives. Clearly, adhesives is down less and I think it tends to be more meted in the impacts, and so when we see plant shut downs for holidays, it happens quickly, because so many of the products are bought as theyre needed and manufactured by us as the customers want to put them into place, as compared to the longer lead time stuff they might get elsewhere. So, I probably see adhesives returning back to positive comparisons as a segment as probably the first thing that we would see and then I think the other two segments are going to lag a bit from there.
John Franzreb: Great.  Thanks a lot Ed.
Ed Campbell: Youre welcome, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Key Banc.  You have the floor sir.
Matt Summerville: Morning.  A couple of questions, and I apologize if you already said this, but what is your head count reduction target?  And I guess if I look in the press release, as of the end of fiscal Q1, youre down about 132 heads sequentially from the end of the year.  I guess, have there been a lot of head count reductions since then?  And really what Im trying to kind of back into is where were at with the cost take out in Advance Tech.
Ed Campbell: Yes, Im glad you asked that question because frankly, Im not real happy with the data that we have around head count on some of our publications, because we have, overtime, discovered that historically there have been inconsistencies in using temporaries versus full time employees. In certain countries of the world the definition of what a full time is is a function of local laws that are different than what you might expect in a western country and  for example, if you look at the year end 2008 headcount, youll see a different number in the annual report from the press release. So, lets cut through all that and let me talk about where we are.  Where we have moved so far, is a reduction of over 400 employees, and that is largely done from where we were back in, call it September of 2008.  So, 10% is the head count reduction and I believe with my understanding where we are, that is largely complete. There may be some people that might be considered temporary, but that has to do with the staffing strategies where in certain factories we have a permanent layer of temporary workers for protection against volatility of demand and we flex up and flex down.  But, many of those are with us for extended periods of time.  It may not be the same individuals, but it would the same type of head count.  So, 10% is the number.
Matt Summerville: And then, when we look at Advance Tech margins, I think in the quarter there were about 2 to 2.5%, you mentioned that that segment really didnt see, at least on a comparable basis to the other two segments, as much benefit from cost takeout, so in the context of lets assume Advance Tech revenue is down a bit sequentially, how should we think about the operating margin performance of that specific segment in light of what youre doing on the cost side?
Ed Campbell: Yes, Im going to ask Greg to chime in after I share something.  The head count across the whole company, I told you was 10.  In Advance Technology, the head count reduction is about 15%.  Obviously, their business is down more than the corporations business as a whole, and we responded correspondingly. And the majority of that reduction occurred at the beginning of the second quarter.  And the benefit of those actions is not included in first quarter results, but is embedded in our forecast for quarter two.  As to operating margin, I  Greg I dont know if you can 
Greg Thaxton: You know, we really dont take the forecast down to that level, Matt in sharing the outlook by segment, but I think clearly the comments Ive made with regards to spending will have a positive impact in that particular segment. That segment, as well, is generally less impacted by currency trends as other segments may be.  So, we tend towe generally dont get specific into guidance with regard to our segment outlook because theresyou knowat some point we dont go to that level of specificity, but we will get some benefit out of spending.
Matt Summerville: With respect to the mix of business, you spent a lot of time talking about that, is there anyway you can quantify or give us a sense maybe, volume on a year-over-year basis?  The change in volume, I should say, between Engineered Systems standard products, as well as spare parts?
Ed Campbell: The mix of those?
Matt Summerville: Yes, either the mix in the quarter or just the year-over-year change in volume across those three categories, again, trying to get a better feel for the overall mix.  Obviously, spare parts are clearly helping based on the gross margin performance.
Ed Campbell: Yes, they sure have.  Im not sure that I can give you specific numbers right here in this call, but I can tell you one of the measures is the fact that weve shifted a lot more towards these standard products and replacement parts and spare parts, and the like, is the size of the backlog has shrunk considerably from where it was a year ago. Ill call that more normal times than where it is today, and that reflects, not necessarily a shrinkage.  I mean, if you compare the size of the backlog to the sales forecast, for example, and back into the number of days, you see its much shorter net because all those standard parts and systems are shipped very quickly, depending upon the business unit.  And Greg, what are the days?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, you know, if you look back not too  you know, if you didntnot too far in the past, backlog might have been mid-40 to high-40 number of days.  And that number is now closer to 37, high 30s, so I think it is reflective of the fact that 1- its the weakness in orders of the larger dollar systems, and primarily comprised of the shorter lead time items.
Matt Summerville: Okay, theres a question on the balance sheet.  It looks like you have roughly $210 million of debt coming due this year, can you talk about, I guess, at what rate that is financed at the present time? And when the timing is of when you have to refinance it?  What the overall plan is there?  And will that financing rate move higher in a meaningful fashion?
Greg Thaxton: Matt, that 200 million is where we choose to show the outstanding balance of our  what was it, five year committed revolving credit facility.
Matt Summerville: Okay
Greg Thaxton: That facility is  I would say its a five year facility that takes us through July of 2012.
Matt Summerville: Oh, okay.
Ed Campbell: And the rate is?
Greg Thaxton: And the pricing on that is based upon a spread over LIBOR that most recently was 28 basis points over LIBOR, over one month LIBOR.
Matt Summerville: Perfect.  And then last question.  Ill hop out.  As far as your operating cash flow expectation for the year, Greg, can you talk a little bit about that?
Greg Thaxton: Well, what we  you know, as Ed shared in his comments, we tend to look at different scenarios that we think are reasonable, if you will, for the balance of the year, and in each of those cases, we expect to be cash flow positive for the year.
Matt Summerville: Is that again on a operating cash flow basis or free cash flow basis, Greg?
Greg Thaxton: Free cash flow basis.
Matt Summerville: Great.  Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Barry Haimes with Sage Asset.  You have the floor, sir.
Barry Haimes: Good morning.  I have one just following up on an earlier question, in terms of some of the partial service and short cycle versus some of the more expensive bigger ticket items that may be more capacity related.  Whenever the upturn might come, what in your experience has been the normal lag between when your partial service and shorter cycles start to turn up, along with say, industrial production?  And then, how long does it take before you tend to see the bigger ticket, more in capital items orders start to pick up?  Thanks.
Ed Campbell: First of all, Id say that of these big systems, capacity is probably one of the last reasons that people by systems from Nordson, more typically, they tend to buy them for capability reasons.  For example, Ill start with technology, but I can move to the industrial coating segment as well. They tend to be bought because there is something about their product, whether it is a new cell phone or it is a new pacemaker, or it is a new powder painting booth, there is a capability that they dont have, and in order to have features, or in order to be able to make it smaller or faster, or theres an economic payback, that is far and away the largest reason to people make the investments they buy these systems. And so, we have for example today, large powder painting systems that were continuing to sell.  Some of these  Ill give you a couple of examples, that are other than capacity.  One has to do with a customer who is interested in reducing overall production cost in their relocating factories from high-cost regions of the world to a low-cost region of the world.  And as a result of that, were replicating their entire painting capacity. In another example, there is merchandising and marketing reasons that multiple colors are necessary, as compared to a product strategy in the past.  It might have a more limited color spectrum and they need the latest technology that enables them to rapidly change colors from one to another in small batches.  And so again, theyre replicating or adding capability, and thus, we sell the system. And these are though, nevertheless, influenced by whether its pure cash conservatism on the part of customers, or, in some cases, theyll make due because they dont have the need.  But, nevertheless, there is a component of our demand that has to do with capacity and I would say that its probably tied to the specific economics of the cycle where they operate. Portions of our business are consumer durable goods and if it is a capacity to use that reason that some people buy, then it would lag the recovery.  In our adhesives and more standard product businesses, because the dollar cost is relatively low, it would probably be current with the cycle. And then, Ill tell you the technology products really are in a much higher case, they are tied to the next generation product that theyre releasing.  To get consumers to be interested and continue to buy cell phones, or what every other product may be, theyre embedding new features, and those new features, frankly, require them to have new capability that we can offer.  And its not often that its capacity driven.
Barry Haimes: Got it.  Thanks very much.
Ed Campbell: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walt Liptak with Barrington Research.  You have the floor, sir.
Walter Liptak: Alright, thanks.  Good morning everyone.  Ed, when I go through and put in some of the guidance numbers, revenue down at the low end 38% and the SG&A decline of reduction down 23%, I have a little bit of trouble coming up with getting to the low end of your EPS guidance of 17.  And I wondered if theres something below the line, in maybe currency transactions, that youre accounting for to get to the low end number?
Ed Campbell: I dont think that youre going to find it as currency transaction.  The currency effect of this year versus last year, where the Euro, for example, was in the 153 range versus where it tends to be today, we expected negative currency to influence this by about $0.15 per share.  We also have in there a restructuring charge that will be about $0.11 a share.  If you strip those effects out, you come up with a  at the low end from operations, something in the range of $0.21 to $0.36 a share, low to high.
Walter Liptak: Okay.  Okay, the spending level is down 23% at the low end.  That gets me to sort of like the 85 million to 86 million run rate.  Is that a level that we should use in the back half of year two?
Ed Campbell: I dont know, Greg.
Greg Thaxton: Yes, no, I think back second quarter, as we mentioned earlier, some of the actions that weve taken with regards to spending reduction have occurred during the second quarter.  So, I think that, coupled with some of the comments that we made earlier on, continued focus on discretionary spending items, might suggest that our comparison as you go out, as compared to prior year volume spending could improve.
Walter Liptak: Okay.  Okay.  Could the tax rate for the second quarter in the full year?
Ed Campbell: For the full year, wed be looking at in the out quarters about 35%.  The second quarter will include a couple of some discreet items that are booked in the quarter that relate to adjustments to prior year returns, but, your rate going out for the provision should be 35%.
Walter Liptak: Okay.  And then, youve done a great job with taking costs out and being early in whats been a real brutal environment, and I guess, for uses of cash share repurchases one.  Can you talk about what you did during the quarter?  What you expect to do the rest of the year?
Greg Thaxton: We, I think, bought back a few shares at the very beginning of the first quarter, but the remainder of the quarter we have not bought back shares.  As attractive as the share price might appear, we feel like as we prioritize the actions that we take, the first and foremost of importance to us is that we make sure that weve got a very conservative cash flow attitude.  And so, we have backed away from active share repurchases, which is not to say that we may not change that opinion at some point.  But, weve not been in the market of late.
Walter Liptak: Okay.  Right, so your expectation is in the coming quarter, coming couple of months, youd be out of the market.
Greg Thaxton: I think until we see some change in external circumstances, were apt to be less active.
Walter Liptak: Okay, okay.  Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with Key Banc.  You have the floor, sir.
Matt Summerville: About $0.15 of FX headwind, in terms of EPS in fiscal Q2, and then also what then was the FX EPS headwind in fiscal Q1?
Ed Campbell: $0.05 in Q1.  $0.15 in Q2.
Matt Summerville: And then how should we think about Q3?  Q3 the FX headwind could actually be worse than in Q2.  Am I right on that?
Ed Campbell: Yes.  I think the just  and I dont have precise numbers, just looking at an FX chart it looks like order magnitude  Q2 has got about $1.53 in the Euro and Q3 something in the range of $1.57. And those are not precise numbers, but 
Greg Thaxton: I think those are pretty close, yes.
Ed Campbell: So, that would say, yes a little bit more headwind, and then of course, in Q4 the comparisons collapse back to ease here.
Matt Summerville: Greg, you talked about the tax credit thing in the back half of the fiscal year, but I was left unsure as to what the tax rate is that is embedded in your guidance and what you expect the magnitude of those discreet items you referenced to be in fiscal Q2?
Greg Thaxton: Yes, the Q2 items would be about $0.07 per share of discreet items.  Thats where in the press release and in the comments we talked about a net $0.04 charge for non-recurring items.  That would be the restructuring charge in the second quarter and then the benefit, if you will, will be some tax adjustments.
Matt Summerville: So, what is  just to make sure Im crystal clear on this, what is the anticipated per share, just the restructuring charge, in the second quarter?
Greg Thaxton: $0.11.
Matt Summerville: Okay.  So, youre netting the 7 against that.  Got it.  Okay, thanks.
Greg Thaxton: Yep
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue.  Please proceed with your closing remarks.
Ed Campbell: Okay, thank you.  As we close, Id like to summarize what I believe are the takeaways from todays call.  This recession is unprecedented and severe and its impacting every geographic market in nearly every end market to some degree.  We do have our sectors of comparative strength, including spare parts, used once and disposed components, nondurable end markets like packaging and nonwovens, life science and new technologies, and cost saving systems, as well. Thirdly, our favorable mix has supported relatively good operating margins and we continue to operate with excellent cash flow and excellent liquidity.  Fourth, Nordson has started early to deal with these challenges with cost reductions, which are largely implemented, of nearly $60 million in savings this year, compared to last year. And that is both the headcount reduction, as well as other savings of operating expenses, and the like.  And lastly, we have the plans and are fully prepared to adjust, regardless of the direction this economy takes. So, that concludes the call and Id like to thank all of you again for your continuing interest in Nordson.  Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.  You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-12-18 08:30:00) =====
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to James Jaye,
James Jaye: Good morning. This is James Jaye, Director of Corporate Communications for Nordson, with Edward Campbell, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, December 18, 2008 on Nordson's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.nordson.com and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Friday, January 9 by calling 1-800-642-1687. You will need to reference ID number 76441871. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Edward Campbell for an overview of our fourth quarter fiscal year 2008 results and Nordson's future outlook.
Edward Campbell: Thank you James, and good morning to all of you on the call and thank you for attending Nordsons conference call discussing our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008 results. My comments this morning will provide highlights of what turned out to be another very strong quarter and year for Nordson in terms of revenue growth, operational performance, and earnings. In addition Ill provide some perspective relative to our outlook for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Regarding fourth quarter results, we ended the year with a very strong quarter generating record sales of $298 million, up 2.4% from the prior year. And I would add that the prior years fourth quarter was a very strong quarter with record sales at the time and total growth of 20% in the quarter, so we were up against very difficult comparisons in each of our segments. Regarding the current year performance, fourth quarter sales volume increased 2.8% of which 0.6 percentage points of this increase represented the first year effective acquisitions and unfavorable currency effects reduced sales by 0.4%. The sudden strengthening of the US dollar against most major currencies which began in August and accelerated with the September financial turmoil impacted our results as currency became a headwind in the quarter. The fourth quarters revenue performance included strong results from our two largest segments as well as solid revenue for the industrial coating and automotive segment. Regarding the adhesive dispensing segment, prior years fourth quarter performance generated sales growth of 16%, a very impressive growth number for this segment and again establishing a very difficult comparison for the current year. Over this we generated sales growth of 2.3% driven by strong results in our non-wovens and paperboard converting product lines. The advanced technology segments turned in another solid quarter following six consecutive quarters of sales growth in excess of 18%, advanced technology grew 10% during the quarter. Excluding currency and the first year effect of acquisitions organic growth within this segment was an impressive 11%. Within the industrial coating and automotive segment, again up against a difficult prior year comparison. The 9% decline in sales from the prior years fourth quarter is primarily centered in the US, and is associated with the economic conditions impacting consumer durable spending. On a sequential quarter basis, sales in the current quarter represented an increase of 24% over third quarter results primarily driven by volume growth in power system sales in all regions. On a geographic basis all regions except the United States generated solid sales volume growth rates in the quarter. The US performance as noted previously is associated with the weakness in industrial coating and automotive performance. The 10% volume growth in the Americas was driven by increased demand in all segments most notably in advanced technology, and industrial coating and automotive. Asia Pacific and Europe also experienced growth in all segments with most pronounced growth within the adhesive segment in Asia Pacific and the advanced technology segment in Europe. Japans growth was also led by demand for advantaged technology systems. Operating profit as reported is 16% of sales and this includes $5 million of restructuring charges associated with our spending reduction program announced in September. Excluding these restructuring charges operating margin was 18% in the quarter equaling our margin performance of the past two quarters. As I noted during our third quarter earnings conference call I am encouraged by the operating margin improvement that we have delivered during the last few quarters. These operating margins are at the highest level that the corporation has delivered on a full year basis in nearly 20 years and the spending reduction initiative that we announced in September will allow us to continue to improve operating margins over what they would otherwise be by approximately two percentage points in 2010. On a segment basis, the adhesive segment has once again delivered very strong margins in the quarter of 25% of sales. Advanced technology operating margin of 17% reflects the negative impact of currency and weakness in non-dispensing product lines. With regard to industrial coating and automotive, the 10% operating margin is reflective of strong sales volume in the quarter and profit enhancement initiatives we have implemented over the last couple of years. Net income for the quarter increased 4% over the prior year to a fourth quarter record of $31 million and fully diluted EPS increased 3% to a fourth quarter record of $0.90 versus $0.80 in the prior years fourth quarter. Excluding the restructuring charge in this years fourth quarter EPS growth would have been 15% over the prior year fourth quarter. Let me provide some perspective on cash flow for the fourth quarter. In addition to net income and non-cash charges of $10 million, other long-term assets added $4 million. Regarding uses of cash, working capital increased by $18 million, net capital expenditures were $8 million, and dividends were $6 million in the quarter. This resulted in adjusted free cash flow of $13 mill in the quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was $57 million and our debt leverage measured as debt to total capital ended the quarter at 33%. Net of cash, this ratio would be 32%. In summary this fourth quarter performance provided a strong finish to what was an impressive year for Nordson Corporation. Overall I am pleased with the sales volume achieved during the quarter by each of our segments in light of the difficult comparisons to the prior year as well as the global economic conditions we faced during the quarter particularly in September and October. In addition I am pleased with the continuing strength in our operating performance where operating margins excluding restructuring cost were 18%. On a full year basis we achieved new milestones for sales, operating profit, and earnings per share. Sales reached a record of $1.1 billion, an increase of 13% over the prior year. Operating profit increased 25% over the prior year to a record $190 million inclusive of restructuring charges. Fully diluted EPS for the year also a record, increased 29% over the prior year to $3.43 per share inclusive of restructuring charges of $0.10 per share. The full years EBITDA was $227 million, up 24% over the prior year. In summary, fiscal 2008 was another outstanding year for Nordson and positions us well for what I expect to be a very challenging fiscal 2009 for all capital goods suppliers. I would now like to turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the first quarter of 2009, but before I do, Id like to add some perspective on the outlook that well share. I believe the US and global economies are dealing with a set of challenges more difficult then in any time during my business career of over 30 years. And yet as difficult as these times are and in every scenario that  we believe is reasonable, Nordson remains profitable with positive cash flow during 2009. Let me start with orders, we have provided in the press release information on recent demand as measured by orders both on a segment and a geographic basis. Adding a few comments to these order trends, Ill start with reminding you that our order rates at this time one year ago, were very strong and led to what became a record first quarter sales for Nordson. But our outlook is less about the prior year and more about the uncertain economic environment we are now facing. We are operating in unprecedented times where global conditions have continued to deteriorate and major economies have slipped into recessions. Even China, a significant driver of growth over the last several years, is experiencing a deceleration of growth not seen in many years. Against this economic backdrop companies on a global basis are also operating in an environment where liquidity is either non-existent or at a minimum, very expensive. And although liquidity is not a concern of Nordsons we nevertheless sell capital goods and like other capital goods suppliers, we are seeing a pause in spending by our customers at a rate indicative of a singular focus on cash preservation. For the last 12 weeks ending December 7, measured in constant currency, our orders were down 21% from the same 12-week period in the prior year. Within adhesives orders are down 14% from the prior year primarily due to a reduction in those product lines associated with larger dollar systems such as product assembly and coating. Coating orders in the prior years 12-week period contained two large dollar orders, one in excess of $3 million so the lumpiness of these orders creates somewhat of a distortion in order rates. In this product line which is the smallest within the adhesive segment does contain the most volatility in order rates due to these big dollar systems. Excluding the coatings product line orders from this 12 weeks analysis, adhesive orders would be down 11% from the prior year due to softness primarily in the US and Japan. Regarding advanced technology 12-week order rates, which are down 29% from the prior year there is a mix of activity within the product lines that comprise this segment. For the most part, we are seeing softness again within the larger dollar systems businesses and this is related to the global economic weakness rather then market share. This weakness is most pronounced in Europe and Asia Pacific where many of our customers are putting orders on hold as they assess the severity of this downturn. Within the industrial coating and automotive segment the latest 12-week orders are down 27% driven mostly by softness in the power and automotive product lines, again, those associated with larger dollar systems serving consumer durable end markets where, like the other segments order rates, we are seeing deferrals and postponements in our customers buying behavior. With this perspective on order rates, we currently have an outlook for a sales volume decline from the prior years first quarter between 15% to 19%. With the appreciation of the US dollar against other global currencies as compared to where exchange rates were last year, currency effects are expected to be a headwind of approximately 5% resulting in overall sales for the quarter of down 20% to 24% as compared to the prior years first quarter. Given the mix of products we should see gross margins around 55%. Spending in the quarter excluding restructuring cost will be down approximately 14%. We are estimating a tax rate of 35% for the quarter and [indeed] for the full year up slightly from the prior years first quarter rate of 34.3%. Excluding restructuring cost associated with our previously announced spending reduction effort this outlook results in earnings per share for the first quarter of $0.27 to $0.38. This range includes and anticipated gain of $0.09 per share on the sale of real estate assets. Restructuring charges in the first quarter are not included in this range but are estimated to be approximately $8 million or $0.15 per share. Let me say a few things about the effects of currency on our first quarter outlook, the dollar has been very volatile over the last several months. We started the first quarter of fiscal 2009 with the Euro at $1.27. The dollar is now 13% weaker, just over $1.46. Likewise with the Yen we started the quarter at 98 Yen to the dollar and the dollar is now 10% weaker at 88 Yen to the dollar. And Ill mention that the numbers in our outlook are based upon the final six weeks of the quarter averaging about $1.41 at the Euro. In light of what we believe will be a very challenging year ahead, we have taken significant steps to mitigate the effects on our businesses. These include, investments made towards our spending reduction program announced in September will generate annual savings of $30 million and we are well on our way to implementing on those savings. We have put in place very tight controls on headcount additions and capital expenditures. I anticipate operating capital expenditures to be well below run rates of the last couple of years. We have initiated a worldwide freeze on wage increases. We will lower experience lower operating costs in fiscal year 2009 associated with planned facility consolidation efforts. And finally to comment on Nordsons liquidity position, even in a down year in revenue our businesses throw off a lot of cash. This cash flow coupled with the available free board under our $400 million revolving credit agreement ensures that we can continue to utilize our financial strength as a competitive advantage. These efforts as well as the fundamental strength of Nordsons businesses and the quality of our organization will provide the ability to navigate these challenging times. Id like to step back and talk a bit about the outlook for the full year, today the US and global economies are at a very low point. Business and consumer confidence is extremely low, forward visibility is limited. And business decisions are being driven by two forces; uncertainty and liquidity concerns. Nordsons orders from customers over the past 12 weeks, there is a full impact of these forces. However there are also powerful forces in play that push the other way. Energy prices, interest rates, central bank loan guarantees, the stimulus packages, and many other actions governments have been putting and are continuing to put in place are all individually and collectively unprecedented. The [stimulative] effect of these actions are enormous and at some point we will see the results. I cant say when that will be and our visibility is no better then others but I do expect however, that economic conditions during the second half of the year to be better then the first. My personal view is that were going to look back at this time and be amazed at asset pricing and spreads and I believe the distortions in markets are extreme, unprecedented, but temporary. Lets now stop and turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets
Charlie Brady: Can you just speak in terms of your supplier base and given the liquidity issue, are you reaching out to your suppliers to make sure that they in fact are in a financial situation where they can keep supplying you and how are you addressing that.
Edward Campbell: We are, we have been proactive in that regard. Obviously the financial well being of anybody in the supply chain and customer chain are things that were paying very close attention to and the same kinds of analysis that we would do with regard to customers are things that our purchasing department is taking a close look at and that includes suppliers in places like China. Let me just say that nothing has risen to my level of attention and the investigations have been done. Our folks are on it.
Charlie Brady: In regards to the orders in the prior 12 weeks, looking at your individual businesses and I know you dont want to get into that kind of granularity, but are there any particular standouts either generally much worse then the overall trend or maybe not quite as bad doing better then the overall trend.
Edward Campbell: I think what you see as you go across the businesses, those businesses that are associated with large portions of spare parts or selling consumable components that are used once and disposed, our packaging business, other businesses that are related to consumer non-durables like non-wovens, those are all if you will, large businesses that are doing well but then within businesses, we see bright spots that would include things like life sciences continuing on without impact. In a number of our businesses we have a number of projects surrounding solar that despite energy prices where they are today, those seem to be going forward without any deceleration. Also in technology markets were seeing some areas like LEDs and low cost computers and a variety of spots where either there is something about the economics in our customers world or alternatively where weve been able to gain share. Examples would be in some of the corrugated or folding carton markets that weve been able to gain share. New technology to automate the high-speed application of labels on packages. We continue to be able to win with some of our technology driven activities but I guess another area thats been interesting is within technology, smart phones for example. The shift away from a traditional cell phone to those that can do all the things that were now dependent upon like emails and other web browsing. The investment in the technology to make those phones or the investments to move to the next generation of architectures for things like memory continue to make progress and theyre offsetting broader declines where we see, is it sort of a general description, we see a lot of organizations that are taking advantage of the Christmas shutdowns that are traditional. In certain industries and geographies you see more of those being extended. You see customers saying that theyre going to wait until after the holidays before they make any judgments on various investment projects. In Asia where Chinese New Year is a very big period of time, you sort of get that, lets wait until after the Chinese New Year before we make a decision whether were going to proceed with various projects. So the counterforce to a lot of the good things were doing is that general wait and see attitude.
Charlie Brady: Just regarding the cash flow and sort of preference, now weve got a share repurchase, a new one in place, preference Im assuming is to share repurchase relative to acquisitions right now.
Edward Campbell: The share repurchases that we have historically done have had as a base load if you will, the offset to the dilution that might otherwise occur from employee benefit plans. And then we have been opportunistic over time, and this dates back over multiple years, to buying on [dps]. Either to do what I just described, offset those benefit programs, but we exhausted the other program in the early days of 2009 and so what we have is just simply a replacement in capability. Theres no change in strategy to be inferred by the establishment of a new program.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company
John Franzreb: I might have missed this number but you said youre pulling back the capital budget, did you say what the CapEx plans were for the year ahead?
Greg Thaxton: We had in fiscal 2008 about $15 million of operating capital and I would anticipate in 2009 were going to be below that number. Id estimate around $12 million.
John Franzreb: And thats your base maintenance level spending there?
Greg Thaxton: Right.
Edward Campbell: I might add that would also be in that some capital associated with new products particularly in our plastic components businesses where there is a certain amount of investment required to introduce new molded products.
John Franzreb: I was just wondering given the difficult operating environment youre kind of painting there, are there any covenants that we need to worry about in your debt structure that may be stressed anytime in the near-term.
Edward Campbell: We have very traditional bank covenants and I might mention that we have a very attractive revolving credit agreement that doesnt expire until the middle of 2012 and it has, the principal component is the ratio of debt to EBITDA, 3.5:1 and were just over one I think right now.
Greg Thaxton: Right.
John Franzreb: Adhesive dispensing, I guess Im a little surprised about the magnitude of the order drop-off given that that business is supposed to be more stable of the three, could you just talk a bit about what your customers are telling you about their spending plans for the balance of calendar 2009, not so much with what were seeing in the near-term, but what kind spending ramp you expect to see or dont expect to see next year.
Edward Campbell: My observation, and weve reached out to our frontline sales people to get a very comprehensive looking of what theyre hearing from customers and if I could generalize, I would say across all of Nordsons businesses, there are no 12-month plans that are operative right now. I think as you can imagine, I imagine everybody on this call would share the same sets of questions about what kind of global economy are we going to be looking into six, eight months from now and I think you can have a wide array of opinions. So theres not a lot of visibility. I would say that what we do see within adhesive segment to come back to your specific question, is that obviously the purchasing of spare parts is continuing. There is on new capital programs, they are really tied to the specifics of customer plants in the consumer non-durable areas like packaging and non-woven and some of the paper products and so on. Were beginning to hear things about new discipline on tangible paybacks in terms of the returns they get for new equipment and some of the new products weve introduced have been very helpful in that but frankly as the new methodologies get approved its added steps in the selling and evaluation and improvement sequences. I would say as a general notion approvals are occurring at higher levels in organizations with less delegated authority down to frontlines that you might see in more normal times. I also frankly have some questions of ourselves in that we did do a very good job of driving sales in the fourth quarter of 2008 and while we dont have and wont ever have crisp answers as to whether theres a degree of the softness that we see in orders in the 2009 outlook, whether some of those actually got sold due to great performance by our frontline people at the end of 2008. But as a general notion the softness that were seeing is in systems businesses, its in areas that are away from the consumer, non-durables and they tend to be directionally projects where customers are changing the manufacturing process as we sell them new methodologies to manufacture their products and that whole change is one thats being confronted with greater caution by customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville - KeyBanc
Matt Summerville: With respect to the order declines in advance tech, would you say that that is in fact centered on more the capital intensive larger dollar purchases versus consumables and if so can you give us a sense just how well the consumables piece of that business is holding up and then if you can provide similar color to the adhesive business with regards to what youre seeing on the replacement parts side.
Edward Campbell: First of all the assumption thats behind your question on advance tech is exactly correct. The plastic consumables businesses that sell both to material suppliers that in turn sell on to their customers or our direct sales to end users that use our plastic dispensing components are holding up very well and have positive comparisons in the most recent periods, or not down, depending upon the sub unit. And were very encouraged by that of course and these are high gross margin, operating margin business units. With regard to those areas that are soft within advance tech, they are the larger systems and they tend to be sold in, those that have been sold into areas that are, if you will, more traditional aspects of technology markets. You know, the non-smart cell phone activities, those customers, the contract manufactures in Asia are taking very extended shutdowns over the New Year holidays and up to Chinese New Year. Those shutdowns and the lack in some of the traditional cell phones as an example are causing the need to make capacity or capability investments slower then weve seen in prior periods. And I mentioned earlier some of the bright spots that were seeing that offset some of those areas. With regard to the spare part components in the adhesive businesses, which is a big part of that segment, those are holding up well. They vary somewhat by customer to customer. In some cases as customers are anticipating in durable good end markets like kitchen cabinets, if I could use that for an example, some of those areas might be suffering from extended shutdowns, manufacturers of doors and windows and some of those markets are very soft. And they would be down big percentages offsetting some of the stability that we would see in the non-durable areas.
Matt Summerville: With regards to what youve contemplated in terms of cost reduction measures, you kind of laid out the framework I believe back in August when you reported Q3 for what you intended to do, given the degradation youve seen in just general across the businesses as measured by orders in the most recent 12 weeks, is there more you think you need to do there and then can you remind us how much of the anticipated savings you anticipate capturing in fiscal 2009 versus fiscal 2010.
Edward Campbell: First of all, with regard to whether we need to do more, thats a dynamic issue and there are levels of activity that would cause us to reexamine where Nordson is but we are not at that point today. We have announced a series of actions and the implementation of those actions are well on their way. Of the, and what we announced was a gross reduction in cost of $30 million and a net reduction of $25 million that would be fully realized in the full fiscal 2010. But I would tell you that of the gross $30 we are basically $20 million through that by the end of this calendar year. So that starting in January our continuing month-to-month operating results will be reflective of two-thirds of the total work that we need to do. There are some other systematic things that we will do to take cost out, some of those are related to the real estate changes that are implied by the things that weve just talked about. Ill also mention that the original $30 million that we talked about did not contemplate a wage freeze that we have put in place here in recent days. As a matter of fact internal announcement only went out today. And so that will on an annual rate add another $6 million or so. The duration for which this wage freeze extends, I think we will wait and see but that is a step that weve taken here most recently beyond those that we previously announced.
Matt Summerville: Going back over the last 12 weeks in terms of orders can you give us a little bit of color in terms of what youre enter versus exit rate was. I guess what Im trying to get a better feel for is more of the current tempo youre seeing in regards to order activity.
Edward Campbell: Ill tell you when the liquidity markets shut down on whatever that day was, September 17, we were having positive order comparisons to last year, and it happened quite suddenly when large commercial paper borrowers were unable to roll their paper and treasury rates went negative and it was a sudden stop and we saw a dramatic change. It turns out that our 12-week order rate that were sharing with you is after that date so the 12-week orders that we have shared with you encompass a period that is inclusive of when all of that started. I would tell you that the first few weeks of the 12-week period thus being September were not as severe as the average overall. My own sense is that were probably in all of our markets seeing a December that is worse if you will then September. I think that, and incorporated into our forecast is a weak January. My personal view is that these stimulus actions and its not one but collectively, there is enormous monetary and fiscal stimulus out there that is tremendous in its force and while there is very little monetary movement right now, there will be a point when it starts to go and I think when it goes it will go very quickly. I am no expert in terms of when I think this is going to happen but I do expect that these actions will have at some point a very significant effect and it could occur very quickly in the new year.
Matt Summerville: This relates to pension expense, what do you anticipate your pension expense being in fiscal 2009 versus 2008 as it pertains to the P&L and then any major change in cash pension expense as well, or cash outflow regarding pension.
Greg Thaxton: In terms of the question on expense, we wont see a significant deviation or fluctuation if you will from what we incurred in the current year. Thats driven by on the one hand, yes, theres a change in the value of the assets but theres also a change in the discount rate assumption. So generally speaking its not a significant change from what we saw in fiscal 2008. And we also wont see a funding requirement in 2009 of any significance either.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walt Liptak  Barrington Research
Walt Liptak: If we could go back to the cost take-out and understand that you dont have a second round of actions that youre doing yet, my understanding is that your manufacturing operations are already pretty leaned out and I guess the question is if you needed to take more costs out if this slowdown continues well into 2009 are there costs that you can take out.
Edward Campbell: We do have flexibility and I think we have shown our ability after the 2001 weakness that we saw in our businesses and the actions that weve taken now. Theres always cost that we can take out. We are reluctant to take cost out because frankly we think that the organizations are filled with, if you will, effective operations and talented people and we would frankly look at a variety of other methodologies to reduce cost beyond simply reducing headcount. But we think that we have methodologies that can be in place. I would mention that we have really clamped down on both capital spending and any hiring. I personally approve all expenditures that are being made and hiring thats being done and just the normal attrition produces savings as well.
Walt Liptak: I wonder if you could help with this one, given the cost savings that youll get from the actions that are done plus the revenue declines I wonder if you can calibrate the under absorption that you might be looking at over the next couple of quarters, I guess as a negative leverage number.
Edward Campbell: Well clearly its there and I would also tell you that were not going to, were going to let the demand from our customers drive the velocity of production to our facilities so to the extent that we are producing less this year then we did last year, there will be negative absorption. You see the gross margin for the quarter that we forecasted 55% from the say 57% numbers that weve had in recent quarters. Thats driven by that absorption. But some of the costs that we have taken out offset some of that of course and so were looking very keenly at any kind of discretionary spending that can offset that absorption. But were well aware of it and some of the actions that weve taken address those issues and we think we always have capability to do things. Were just going to do it judiciously.
Walt Liptak: The gross margin that you mentioned, so none of that decline is related to pricing.
Edward Campbell: That is correct. Im sure here or there, somewhere there might be a pricing action taken but on the other hand were very conscious of pricing relative to whats happening in exchange rates, any other thing that would influence the whole profit equation and we have raised prices in this fiscal year at the beginning of the year in a variety of places and our forecast is reflective of both the benefits of those price increases as well as the absorption issue that you raised.
Walt Liptak: Do you also do a January price increase, or when do you typically raise prices or has that already passed?
Edward Campbell: We traditionally raise prices, if there is a traditional, at the beginning of the fiscal year so that would be November 1 but in recent quarters as weve had fairly dramatic movements in both directions, in currencies, weve had movements in raw material cost, there have been opportunities to introduce new products and that creates a new opportunity to address the value equation. We have been more dynamic in adjusting pricing in our businesses around the world in the last year and probably have been for quite a long time before that.
Walt Liptak: And these are price increases, not surcharges or raw material cost pass-throughs.
Edward Campbell: I think we have a few of those, but the predominant thing we do is we just adjust the price.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets
Charlie Brady: Just in terms of the spare parts business I know overall for the firm its generally been a little less then 40% but can you just remind us what the sort of after market type of business is for the three segments and then relating to R&D spending, youve talked about really tightening down the spending Im wondering what your mind set is on what youre doing with R&D spend.
Greg Thaxton: On the spare parts, as you saw for the corporation its slightly below 40%. In the adhesive segment its closer to a 50% kind of number. Advance technology would probably be then just slightly ahead of that corporate average and industrial coating then would be below that number to then get you to the average.
Edward Campbell: And with regard to the R&D spending we have, the focus of our spending on building our businesses is both the traditional development of new products and it would probably in Nordsons case more tied to the word development then the word research, but its also investments in business development where we are looking to introduce new solutions for customers and it brings a whole variety of things to introduce new technologies, go into new end markets and the like, and those costs are many times theyre not reported in footnotes as R&D but they are every bit investments that we make to drive the future of the business. And our pay plans for our executive team are tied to developing these new markets and to increase the share of our business that is tied to these new applications, new end markets, driven by technology or just driven by a good application development with customers. Thats vital to what  we do. There may be some proportion adjustments that weve made based upon the performance of some of the initiatives and whether they are now part of the mainstream or not but we clearly have not done anything to gut the future of this organization with the actions that weve taken.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up from the line of Matt Summerville - KeyBanc
Matt Summerville: How are you feeling about your own inventory levels relative to demand and then what do you traditionally do around the holidays as far as any normal shutdowns and if there are such a thing, what are you contemplating in light of this environment if in fact your inventories are out of balance with demand.
Edward Campbell: Weve been alert to inventory builds, I actually dont have data here with me. But its something were very much aware of. Our production philosophies are tied to reorder point philosophies that would say, you sell 10 you make 10 rather then you do anything thats tied to forecasting and so on. And as in various products or sub assemblies and the like, if we see diminished demand for certain things we may even shrink some of those reorder points to be smaller in a proportional way. These things generally work very well on the upside as well as the downside but weve alerted our leadership teams to really drill down and pay close attention to this because we have no interest
Matt Summerville: And then as far as you have been somewhat acquisitive over the last 24 months, have you performed any necessary impairment tests and if so is there anything thats come out of that one way or the other.
Edward Campbell: We do that impairment test as a part of the year-end audit. That work is done shortly before year-end and there is no impairment in the results that we announced yesterday. With regard to shutdowns, our standard practice is we shut down for a week between Christmas and New Years and we will do that again this year with no extension beyond that.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments.
Edward Campbell: Let me summarize if I could, Id like to leave you with what I think are the take-aways from todays call. First Nordson had a tremendous 2008 and fourth quarter and it was good by any measure and significantly exceeded expectations including our own. Second were now in a recession that is severe, one that is impacting every geographic market and nearly every end market to at least some degree. Third Nordson customers are being impacted and in turn, our order rates from them. Fourth, we believe that year-end holidays and January are going to be an especially weak period of time due to customer extended shutdowns and customer conservatism until after the New Year or the Chinese New Year with a wait and see attitude. And while visibility is difficult I believe that the extraordinary government actions are likely to have an impact before too long in 2009. Fifth Id like to remind you of Nordsons bright spots; spare parts, used once and dispensed components, non-durable end markets like packaging and non-wovens, new technologies and cost savings systems like labeling, LEDs, life science, solar, smart phones, low cost computer components, and advanced memory packaging architectures. And sixth Nordson has started early to deal with these challenges. We have excellent cash flow, excellent liquidity, and cost reductions largely implemented on our way to hitting our $30 million goal. And I thank all of you for your continuing interest in Nordson and I look forward to talking to you all as we proceed through the quarter. And lastly I wish all of you and your families a very Happy Holiday season. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-08-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation third quarter fiscal year 2008 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Barbara Price.
Barbara Price: This is Barb Price, Manager Shareholder Relations along with Ed Campbell, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday, August 22, 2008 on Nordson's third quarter fiscal 2008 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.Nordson.com and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Monday August 29 by calling 1-800-642-1687 and you will need to reference ID number 59750313. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call forward looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Ed for an overview of our third quarter fiscal 2008 results and Nordson's future outlook.
Ed Campbell: Thank you all for attending Nordsons Conference Call discussing our third quarter 2008 results. My comments this morning will provide highlights of what turned out to be another very strong quarter for Nordson both in terms of revenue growth and operational performance. In addition I will provide some guidance relative to our outlook for the fourth quarter. Our third quarter performance generated record sales of $288 million up 12% from the prior year driven by volume increase of 6% and favorable currency impacts of 6%. Of the volume increase the first year effective acquisitions added approximately 3%. This quarters performance included very strong results from two of our segments and as expected a decline in revenue in the Industrial Coating and Automotive segment. Regarding the Adhesive segment this the second consecutive quarter with growth of 20% or more which is very impressive for the segment. Favorable movements in exchange rates were significant contributors to the Adhesive segments growth in the quarter however the underlying 9% volume growth is very impressive performance and reflective of the success we are enjoying globally in the Adhesive segment. Following four consecutive quarters of revenue growth in excess of 20% the Advanced Technology segment turned in another solid quarter with growth of 18%. Excluding currency and the first year effective acquisitions organic growth within this segment was 8%. Within the Industrial Coating and Automotive segment the 18% decline in revenue is primarily centered in the US and the Americas. I will remind you that a large component of this segment is large dollar engineered systems and this a Nordson segment most sensitive to general economic softness and any associated pause in capital spending. On a geographic basis Europe and Asia/Pacific continue to grow at a very rapid pace where we experienced growth of 28% and 19% respectively driven by demand for both adhesive and advanced technology system sales and with Europe benefiting from weakness in the Dollar. The sales decline in the US and the Americas are attributable to economic conditions impacting the Industrial Coating and Automotive segment and are most notable within our Powder Engineered systems and automotive systems product lines. Japans volume decline is also attributable to Industrial Coating and Automotive but is more related to the timing of large shipments versus any economic impact on this regions results. The overall gross margin rate of 56.3% in the quarter was in line with our guidance. Operating profit increased 25% to a third quarter record $51 million or 18% of sales, equaling our margin performance of the second quarter. This level of operating margin is at a level that we have not seen since 1989 on a full year basis. On a segment basis Im very pleased with the operating margins in the Adhesive segment, again demonstrating the leverage that revenue growth has on our operating performance. Advance Technologies operating margin declined from the rate that we had achieved in the second quarter of this year due to a number of factors that came together in the third quarter. Of the three point decline in operating margin from the second quarters 20% approximately 1% is associated with transient costs that we do not expect to see repeated. The other 2% is attributable to mix and that is mix across Advanced Technology products and geographic and end markets where net margins are lower than the mix of sales that we had in quarter two. Looking forward we believe Advanced Technology operating margins will improve in the fourth quarter from third quarter levels and over time will average in the range of the 20% level we saw in the second quarter. Our guidance that we intend to share for the fourth quarter is based on an 18% operating margin in Advance Technology. With regard to Industrial Coating and Automotive this segments performance is clearly reflective of the difficult economic environment and the associated impact on certain consumable durable end markets. The decline in operating margin is directly related to lower sales and production volumes. Our management team is sharply focused on taking the steps necessary to improve this segments performance and profitability. Id like to add a couple additional comments on operating margins. No doubt there are plusses and minuses in the performance of the individual segments. Overall I am encouraged with the operating margin improvements that we have delivered during the last couple of quarters. Since 1997 we have pursued continuing and persistent strategy of improving operating efficiencies. Over the past 10 years we have improved the ratio of SG&A expenses to sales by five percentage points. This has directly translated to improving operating margins by five percentage points as well with the average through the first nine months of 2008 at 17% and the last two quarters at 18%. I believe that over the next 18 months we have the opportunity to improve operating margins to 20% of sales all other things being equal. Although weve not yet finalized our detailed plans around the actions we will be taking and Im therefore unable to provide much specificity at this time I would expect to update all of you at an appropriate time certainly within the next few weeks. Net income for the quarter increased 32% of the prior year to a third quarter record of $32 million and fully diluted earnings per share increased 29% to a third quarter record of $0.93 versus $0.72 in the prior years third quarter. Let me provide some perspective on cash flow for the quarter. In addition to net income, non-cash charges added $14 million. Regarding uses of cash excluding $7 million of stock option tax benefits that show up as both a use of cash from operations and a source of cash from financing activities. Working capital increased by $5 million and other long term liabilities decreased by $12 million. Net capital expenditures and dividends were each $6 million in the quarter resulting in adjusted free cash flow of $17 million in the quarter. The current quarters EBITDA was $62 million a 27% increase over last years $49 million. Our debt levers measured as debit to total capital ended the quarter at 31%. Net of cash this ration would be 29%. In summary, the third quarters strong performance follows a very solid first half of the year with sales, operating profit and earnings per share at record levels through nine months. Let me now turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2008. Recent demand as measured by orders both on a segment and geographic basis has been provided with our press release. In summary, orders for the last 12 weeks ending August 17, measured in constant currency and including acquisitions in both years were up 3% from the same 12 week period in the prior year. To add some perspective to the segment order rates, Adhesives 5% growth in orders is a good rate for the segment and reflective of solid growth rates across most of our geographies. With regard to Advanced Technologies 1% growth in orders we continue to see double digit growth rates in those of our businesses that are associated with material deposition. This growth has been offset in the recent order period by weakness in our other Advance Tech businesses such as Test and Inspection Equipment. To put our numbers into perspective Gartner Group is forecasting the Test and Inspection Equipment for semi-conductor markets will be down 20% in 2008 but will rebound in both 2009 and again in 2010 with growth rates of between 16% and 17%. Regarding the Industrial Coating and Automotive segment we are encouraged with the 1% increase in order rates, this increase in the second quarters weak order rate is driven by strong Powder system orders in recent weeks. With this perspective on order rates we currently have an outlook for a sales volume change from the prior years fourth quarter of down 3% to up 1%. Ill add that the prior years fourth quarter was very strong with revenue growth of 20% so were up against very difficult comparison in each segment. At current exchange rates currency effects should contribute a 2% benefit the year to year sales and I might comment I think we did our outlook at approximately $1.47 per Euro today its a little bit above $1.48. This currency together with volume results in overall sales for the quarter of down 1% to up 3% as compared to prior year record for fourth quarter. Obviously this revenue guidance is below the preliminary estimate for the fourth quarter that I shared during our second quarter earnings conference call and I would like to provide some insight as to what changed. First, currency rates have clearly moved of late with the US dollar strengthening against the currencies that impact us the most. Also with another three months behind us we have a better understanding of how the current economic environment is impacting our Industrial Coating and Automotive segment. While our preliminary estimate in May had forecast a rebound in Industrial Coating and Automotive sales we are now projecting a further decline for the fourth quarter. There are some positives, however, and as demonstrated by the backlog weve built during the third quarter and the improving order trends weve seen in recent weeks. Given the mix of products we should see gross margins around 56%. This outlook results in earnings per share for the fourth quarter in the $0.84 to $0.94 range versus the prior years $0.87. This outlook does not include any non-recurring charges associated with operating improvement activities that I commented on previously. I would like to comment on whats changed since our preliminary estimate for fourth quarter earnings per share that we shared during our May conference call. Our reduced outlook for the fourth quarter sales in Industrial Coating and Automotive coupled with a more modest benefit from currency accounts for all of the $0.14 per share change in our earnings guidance for the fourth quarter. The strong performance delivered through the first nine months of the year coupled with this outlook for the forth quarter will generate another very strong year for Nordson with revenue exceeding $1.1 billion and record earnings per share. Let me now turn to your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Kevin Maczka  BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Maczka: I want to touch on visibility in general because I think last quarter you did something that you dont normally do which is provide a more detailed outlook two quarters out instead of just one. Obviously some things change and you just described some of those. Can you comment on visibility in general that you have in your three major businesses?
Ed Campbell: Across the 17 businesses we have and product lines across the three segments it does vary greatly Ill put a caveat right out front around my comments. At EFD for example substantially everything that we sell we ship the same day we get the order so we have literally no visibility. At the other extreme have one business in the Adhesive segment where the average lead times are well in excess of six months and so we have quite a bit of visibility. More generally if we look across the businesses our backlog averages 45 days so that is obviously less than a quarter and as we look out one quarter at a time there is not a small degree of forecast that were relying on not just the backlog but the quoting that were doing for some engineered systems. We look at momentum factors around spare parts kind of purchases and the like as well as standard systems. Over time we have done reasonably well with our forecasting for the near quarter. When we go out beyond that were now delving into economic analysis as to the pace of end market growth and were getting outside our comfort zone and as a matter of practice we dont believe its helpful for us to project more than one quarter. The reason we did give the extended preliminary look back in May for the fourth quarter of this year is that we were concerned that the momentum that we had announced in the second quarter and was embedded in our third quarter guidance was not going to be extending into the fourth quarter so we did in fact have a volume underlying the specific numbers. The volume forecast in quarter four back in the May guidance for quarter four that was down considerably from what we shipped in quarter two. We thought if we gave our best estimate it would be helpful for analysts and investors to at least have some perspective on the outlook that we were seeing. I dont expect us to continue to do that.
Kevin Maczka: On the Industrial and Auto segment the weakness there you commented a little bit geographically that that was mostly related to the US and the Americas but Im wondering can you give a little bit more color around the three buckets there, the Container Coating, the Powder Coating and Liquid Finishing business was there any relative strength or weakness between the three of those?
Ed Campbell: The principle area of weakness that weve seen in ICA (Industrial Coating and Automotive) over time has been Powder Coating primarily North America and Latin America as well but primarily in those areas. Its also been associated with declining demand for automotive systems and just as significantly automotive spare parts which are proportionately more profitable than the engineered systems. The Automotive spare parts has been a function of run rates and the quantity of vehicles being produced. Weve seen significant drop off in the use of spare parts for our systems that are involved in the production of light trucks and SUVs but weve also seen some reduction in the scale and scope of the systems demand there. Likewise in the Powder Coating business weve seen frankly fewer people being prepared to make big systems investments in the domestic market. A not insignificant piece is in this market are sales associated with systems being used to manufacture products that would find there way into housing and to markets like appliances and the like. We have seen some recovery here of late. Weve had some nice orders in recent weeks. Were beginning to lap ourselves some of the comparisons in certain markets are probably getting a bit easier as we saw some softness in some of these markets filter in over the last few quarters. Those have been the principle areas. The Container business has been one that is generally steady. It does have its own peaks and valleys that are associated with investment cycles more than anything thats tied to the economic cycles. We had good demand in the later part of last year. We had good system sales in the first half. We have seen a little bit of weakness in container orders of late. I dont think that that is anything other than those same kind of volatility and lumpiness that we see in demand for those kinds of systems.
Kevin Maczka: On the Advance Tech side the revenues and the order growth continues to outperform these Gartner forecasts for the semi-cycle and Im just wondering Im sure a lot of your new product introduction has a lot to do with that. Can you talk about what else is driving that if there are big market share gains or something else going on there because Im assuming you expect to continue to outperform that forecast?
Ed Campbell: We do and in fact Ill tell you embedded in our guidance for the fourth quarter is another quarter of rounding double digit volume for the Advance Technology segment of Nordson. The particular strength that weve enjoyed as I mentioned in the order rates that we had in the most recent 12 weeks has to do with our dispensing product lines. That would be a Asymtek, EFD, TAH, Pico Dos Tech, these are products that weve enjoyed the benefit in the case of Asymtek with good demand arising not only from new products that weve introduced that have had a positive reception but also a steady and growing demand for the kind of dispensing capability that we have as a company thats being used in a whole variety of end to markets like cell phones and other handheld devices. There is contemporaneous with that same Gartner forecast that talks about a decline in the demand for semi-conductor capital equipment is forecast by them that handheld devices the demand for those, cell phones in particular, will grow by 11% this year. What were seeing in the Nordson end markets is good demand generally for assembly systems that are used for these consumer electronic handheld devices but there is in generalized market for semi-conductor capital equipment a decline. That area of decline is more centered in the demand for tools to make memory chips where theres been an overcapacity of both chips and production capacity. Our dispensing equipment it does not particularly rely on demand for those systems that really is strong elsewhere. Some of our general test and inspection equipment probably has broader and less focused application for some of the strong areas and would have some exposure to some of those memory markets. I think what were seeing here is industry typical softness and the demand for some of the test and inspection equipment but a lot of forecasters all call lessing around of view that 2009 is going to be a very handsome snap back in demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets.
Charlie Brady: Can you give us any color regarding the comment on the adjustments in the operating improvement activities to improve operating performance you talked about in the release? What kind of costs or charges you might expect from that and the timing of this process?
Ed Campbell: I cant really because if were going to launch a program theres a lot of audiences that we need to be sensitive to and Id like to just leave it at the comments Ive made. I would want to reemphasize that we will be back in a few weeks to be able to talk about these things. The next time we have officially scheduled to be on the record with FD is going to be our Investor Day on the 12th of September and I look forward to having an opportunity to talk by then if not sooner.
Charlie Brady: Your comments on the Industrial Coating and Automotive systems business going into Q4 when you talk about further deteriorating are you talking about it sequential or are you talking about it on a year over year basis?
Ed Campbell: Year over year. When we talked about the fourth quarter back in May we indicated that we expected a rebound from a forecast decline in quarter three. We no longer believe it will rebound, by that I mean have a quarter of growth over the prior year as compared to a quarter of decline over the prior year in shipment. Our current forecast is following the decline we had in quarter three compared to the prior year of sales decline and additional decline or another quarter of declining sales quarter four this year compared to quarter four last year. That spread in the forecast from the May guidance for quarter four to the current guidance for quarter four coupled with slightly less currency about one percentage point and less currency benefit accounts for all of the $0.14 per share decline between the $1.03 we talked about three months ago and the $0.89 were talking about now.
Charlie Brady: Would you expect a sequential improvement in that segment on both margin and sales from Q3?
Ed Campbell: Well get back to you on that during this call. I dont have it at my fingertips.
Charlie Brady: On Adhesive dispensing business that order goes to 5% a pretty respectable for that business. Any kind of lumpiness in big systems order in that 5%?
Ed Campbell: Actually not. Im particularly pleased by the fact that its broad based. It is centered in the product lines within Adhesive that have good margin and have less of that long lead time lumpiness. The Adhesive segment is performing very nicely. I will say that in the fourth quarter of last year we did have some of those big system shipments that were very long lead time and probably were in backlog all the way through 2007 and shipped in the fourth quarter. I would say directionally this years fourth quarter doesnt have some of those big shipments as much, it has a few, but the demand that weve seen in the orders is the kind of demand that wed like to see.
Greg Thaxton: We are looking at a sequential improvement in the Industrial Coating and Automotive segment fourth quarter versus third quarter.
Charlie Brady: In terms of margin and sales?
Greg Thaxton: Certainly in terms of sales and I think with that volume growth there would be some margin improvement.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Franzreb - Sidoti & Company.
John Franzreb: Id like to talk a little bit about the growth in Europe nearly 15% in volume. Can you talk a little bit about what the driver was in the growth in Europe? Also, about your concerns about potential deterioration on the continent and what youre hearing as far as quotation activity.
Ed Campbell: Our European business is disproportionately associated with sales of Adhesive systems and in particular Adhesive systems that are targeted at packaging and non-woven end market. The reason for that is that many of the OEMs that make the integrated packaging in non-woven assembly lines are based in Europe and they export from that location to places around the world that our sales gets booked at European sales. That tends to have a little less volatility then perhaps the Industrial Coating and Automotive segment that is more dominantly US as a percentage of our US sales. Never the less we do have all of the segments represented in Europe. Where we see the biggest demand softness is in Industrial Coating and Automotive. There is some deferral in customers attitudes and the like. Greg you might want to comment on some of these numbers.
Greg Thaxton: As Ed mentioned certainly some improvement within the Adhesive segment and his comments on Industrial Coating some softness there as well. Were seeing some pick up in Advance Technology in Europe as well current quarter versus prior year third quarter.
John Franzreb: You anticipate Europe remaining strong in your outlook.
Ed Campbell: Your own view in terms of volumes in Europe is continued double digit performance. I just looked at the wrong column. Continued positive growth but Ill eliminate the double digit adjective.
John Franzreb: Your initial restructuring of what was then the Finishing and Coating business if I remember correctly was designed so that during down turns you wouldnt have as much of the margin deterioration as we just saw. What happens to the initial restructuring compared to your expectations?
Ed Campbell: The kind that weve seen within that segment has been directly attributable to less revenue with fixed costs existing both in the manufacturing operation and the selling organization. It has flowed right to the bottom line. You look at revenue minus material costs and it fell at the bottom. We did nothing in this quarter to address spending rates its not where our focus has been. Our original strategy around the restructuring of the organization in Europe and in North America had to do with moving away from some product lines that were not performing, moving some of our fixed costs to variable costs in Europe, all towards an eye that we would have operating margins well in excess of our cost of capital across the business cycle. I think as weve said in a couple different quarters were not finished with the things that we think that we need to do in that segment and the management team is focusing not only at spending issues but also in looking at the products that we have and paring product lines and really looking to make sure that the investments that were making on an ongoing basis are targeted at high return activities. That continues and obviously well have more to talk about that in the future.
John Franzreb: In the Advance Technology segment were seeing a drop in the order rates this year has the Gartner expectations of growth deteriorated since May or is it still for a drop in 20%. Can you give us some color as why your order rates seem to be dipping and dipping and whats going on out there?
Ed Campbell: Some of the dipping that were seeing is lumpiness. As I mentioned in the last quarter order rates for Advance Technology products were 10% stripping out currency. While we talked about 1% this quarter I shared a double digit outlook for sales volume in the fourth quarter. This is not a segment that has huge and long backlogs, it is one that I think we have estimation of what people are going to expect from us. Embedded in that 1% are some areas that are disappointing. To answer your specific question around Gartner Im going to grab a number here and I may not grab it while Im actually trying to answer this call but before we hang up Ill give you what it was three months ago. I have it right now. Automated test equipment for 2008 back in a report published in May by them was down 13% as compared to todays down 20%.
John Franzreb: The end markets deteriorated since that timeline.
Ed Campbell: Whats interesting is that they still end up with a strong outlook in all scenarios 2009 and 2010.
John Franzreb: Youre comfortable with that outlook?
Ed Campbell: I dont have the ability to go out all the way into 2009 and 2010. I think we view that the information were seeing from a number of fondants is that the atmosphere is going to get better. Its directional in nature. I dont believe that a 20% versus a 13% directly translates into a different set of conditions for Nordson. I believe that the market generally for capital goods and some of these segments of semi-conductor assembly are not good right now. If it was centered around memory we do have some memory exposure in some of our test and inspection equipment companies. In the areas where our dispensing technology plays theres very good demand and I think thats reflected in what were doing. I think we have some of our own initiatives relative to expanding geographic reach of some of our products, changing some of our distribution patterns within Advance Technology where some of the acquired companies are now going to begin to get exposure in Asia and Europe compared to what they had in the past. Those things give me some Nordson specific optimism on top of what I think is going to be an improving environment next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Schenosky  Jefferies & Co.
Bob Schenosky: How much of the EPS change in the fourth quarter is a function of FX and can you remind us how much of the total EPS this year is FX including your fourth quarter projection?
Ed Campbell: The change in the fourth quarter projection is $0.02 per share. Its basically going from a 3% tailwind to a 2% tailwind and that rounds out to be $0.02 per share. In terms of the entire year for fiscal 2008 based on our current projections its $0.33 per share and this is the midpoint of our guidance and the increased volume that we have in products is $0.46 per share. Weve got some changing tax rates, weve got some benefits from the expiration of the inventory portion of purchase accounting and the like but $0.33 is the answer to your question.
Bob Schenosky: As we think into next year given where currency is right now its certainly fair to assume that this will flatten out and potentially even turn negative for your 09 results as compared to 08 as it relates to currency is that correct?
Ed Campbell: Thats correct. If you look at where rates are right now against for example using the Euro were at $1.48 this morning. If you go backwards in time it has been higher than $1.48 beginning around the first of March. Our first quarter is November, December and January; it should be probably a push from where we are right now. As we move into the second quarter assuming things dont change it would then be negative for the second and third quarters.
Bob Schenosky: Could you assume given youre using your European customers youre using that as an export base if the Euro does weaken versus the dollar could you see a little bit of that offset potentially in terms of increased orders because of the currency?
Ed Campbell: Probably not, we dont price based upon our costs, we dont gain volume and lose volume as a result of exchange rates. Well price to whatever the local market will bear so to speak. What we see with currency is that it flows through offset by local spending. It is sort of like a price increase or a price decrease. Where we do sometimes see volume impacts that are associated with currency is that our customers and the currency in which they operate may be influenced by economic activity more generally.
Bob Schenosky: Forgetting the Gartner forecast for a little bit but more so your view and your customer interactions the 1% new orders that you had in Advance Tech was this in line with expectations coming out of the second quarter and how does that relate in terms of your potential views looking into 09, is this a concern or do you think that it broadly speaking will bounce back.
Ed Campbell: If I look at how those numbers have looked, those numbers bounce around. To put in perspective two weeks prior where we have rolling 12 week average and two weeks roll in, two weeks roll off. The two weeks before it was up 1% it was up 10%. Two weeks before that it was up 13%. It bounces around and I dont wantthe 1% is real. During the 12 weeks compared to a year ago orders are up 1%. I think because we only share these once every three months one data point sometimes gets fixed in peoples mind in an exaggerated way. For the whole corporation three months ago it was 0% now its up 3%. If I look at where its moved around that period its been up more than 3% sometimes. It does bounce around and I guess when we look at the specific forecast that we have for the corporation for the fourth quarter it sort of reflects our judgment as to what were going to have ship.
Bob Schenosky: I recognize the Coatings business is certainly not one of the key components when we think about the company and stock price compared to the other two businesses but what specific end markets are worse than you had anticipated is it specifically automotive related or are there other surprises in terms of your forecast.
Ed Campbell: Powder is by far the biggest business in that segment. As Powder goes so go the numbers generally because the other pieces, liquid is quite small, our container business is generally stable and not tied to economic cycle thats more just the recapitalization and cycles of our customers. If you come back to Automotive and Powder as being the ones that are moving. Powder painting systems are used to paint metal and when you think about what is manufactured in factories around the world that are metal it tends to be generally durable products both for industry as well for consumers. We see the demand from office furniture manufacturers, from appliance manufacturers as being two very large end markets that use powder painting that are important to our revenue and these businesses are not very active right now. Some of the other end markets that we might sell to that would say be in China for example continue to move along at a reasonable pace. Our powder systems business worldwide is proportionately stronger in the US than our other two segments and US economic activity plays a big roll in that segment than it does in the other two segments for Nordson.
Bob Schenosky: As we look at the ABI index were seeing a dramatic fall as we get into 09 for commercial construction. Is that a surprise for you or at least surprise in terms of the significant drop off in office furniture, this early?
Ed Campbell: The office furniture market has been pretty weak for quite along time. Its not really been as active as it was in the 90s before the real bubble burst back after the dot com boom. Whats been more important to us I would say generally is a whole variety of end markets that have everything to do store shelving to racking and other industrial tools and then of course all of the various products that go into consumer durable products. The consumer is an important element to what goes on within our Industrial Coating and Automotive.
Bob Schenosky: Its more reflective of the general economic malay then?
Ed Campbell: I think it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Walt Liptak  Barrington.
Walt Liptak: Your margins in two of your three segments are for an industrial company very enviable. In the Industrial Coating and Automotive for quite some time I think these have been lower margins, they struggle from time to time. Youve demonstrated you can do acquisitions is this core business at this point, whats the long term strategy for C&A?
Ed Campbell: As weve talked on many occasions, the things that we focused on was in the other two segments has been to be best in class operating organizations, take care of the present set of customers with best in class products and services and find ways to grow the revenue by identification of new end markets and new applications. In Industrial Coating and Automotive its been different. Weve paid less emphasis on that third which is growing the top line and weve set our priorities to get the bottom line right. The profitability in that segment has not been adequate. I think the management has done a very nice job and the team that runs these businesses is fully engaged in doing all the things that they can to improve results and as recently as a quarter ago we had operating margins of 9%. Clearly though this is a business that is at the intersection of the weakness that were seeing in the US economy and that has affected demand and theres not much we can do to persuade customers that are concerned about capital spending and their own well being to induce them when were involved in this kind of environment. While were down as much as we are, we still are moving along at a pace that is 80% of where we were a year ago when business was very strong.
Walt Liptak: Youve got a long way to go to get to 20% operating margin in that business, do you think you can get there over the next couple of years?
Ed Campbell: No, I dont, thats not a number that weve ever described the business as doing. What weve talked about here is what do we need to do to get it to be 15%. Anything north of 10% we dont have a lot of capital invested in this business, anything north of 10% is providing a full return on our cost of capital of what we have invested but that eye on the leadership I think that this business can do better than that and weve set at least an interim target to say get this thing to 15%. Not at every point in the business cycle but at an average through the cycle. Thats the basis upon which were making the improvements that we are today.
Walt Liptak: Whats the tax rate assumption for the fourth quarter?
Greg Thaxton: 35.5%
Walt Liptak: Is there any thought of share repurchase?
Ed Campbell: I saw some of the after hours trading last night and that started to cross my mind and Im probably being a little bit facetious here Im not trying to make any broad pronouncement here let me give you more serious answer. We do have a share repurchase authorization, as I know is obvious within our SEC quarterly filings that we did buy shares back in the early part of the year as the stock began to move sharply upwards, it moved top side of the brackets that we had established in our 10B5 repurchase program. Weve not bought shares in the most recent quarter. Our ongoing belief is that share repurchases are one of the avenues by which we can use our excess capital and well do it from time to time so that we at a minimum offset the dilution that might otherwise occur in connection with our various stock based employee benefit plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Summerville  KeyBanc.
Matt Summerville: If you look at Advance Tech volume trends relative to order activity recently they havent been too far off one another and now we have 1% order growth and youre talking about double digit volume growth moving into the fourth quarter. Are you assuming test gets better is test actually gotten worse than how it had been trending. Im trying to put all those pieces together, can you go through that in more detail again.
Ed Campbell: As I mentioned a few minutes ago there is a certain amount of volatility around the orders. We had the last couple weeks were somewhat weak. If I look back 14 weeks ago we had a very strong order period and as we look at a moving 12 week average our most recent results no longer include that two week period where we had a big jump in the scale of our orders.
Matt Summerville: Have you started to see any of your major semi customers start to commit to major recapitalizations as youve launched the 900 series?
Ed Campbell: Now were talking Asymtek, part of what has driven Advance Tech this year has been really excellent performance by the Asymtek organization. Whats interesting about their particular success is that in launching the 900 series they had expected that they would have an opportunity to quickly move from some prior generations products into an order pattern that would be highly centered around the 900 series. What they found is that the 900 series has attracted a lot of new customers that have not in the past made the kind of investments in the capital equipment that they could with this product line and of course some of the new customers as well. We also have seen a real surge in orders this year compared to last year and the demand for the older products. Those have been more centered in customers that already have sizeable investment in those older products are not prepared to switch from operator familiarity point of view and from other reasons that they like the products they have. Were seeing high levels of demand for both the old and the new products at Asymtek. Over time Im confident that we will see a continuing shift away from the old to the new and that brings not only greater simplification within our production processes and supply chains but it also gives us an opportunity to expand margins from where they are today. The other point to answer your specific question, yes we have seen some investment programs by large customers in the 900 series. These are ramping up gradually rather than you just get this monumental order all at once. You sell a few and then they get those, get familiar with them, they buy some more and so on.
Matt Summerville: The other businesses within Advance Tech with the exception of test just to be sure Im clear are performing well and then has test actually gotten better or worse recently. How should we start to think about organic growth potential of Advance Tech in 2009?
Ed Campbell: Theres an environmental change that a lot of forecasters are saying that were going to have a more favorable operating environment. Im repeating their forecast, I dont have independent ability to be able to look at the ebbs and flows and capital investment in that industry so Im relying on that somewhat. Within the specifics of some of our businesses where we do have technology road maps in front of us in terms of what they intend to do when they plan to make investments our expectation is that were going to have a very good 2009 better than 2008 as weve said in the past, that external environment shares with that. Back to the non-dispensing businesses, they didnt have a real good third quarter. It was some of the mix within some of those businesses both in terms of the geographies where they sold where there was geographic strength versus geographic weakness. Some of the specific products within their product lines came with lower margins than the product lines that they might have sold in the other geographies. It was less about volume because the volume in this segment was pretty good but it was more about negative mix. That was a big factor in, not the revenue, but it was a big factor in the difference in our operating margin.
Matt Summerville: If were looking at double digit volume growth in Q4 why are you only anticipating roughly 100 basis points maybe a little less of sequential margin improvement there if we can account for that entire 100 basis points from what you described as transient expenses and then if you can also describe what exactly you mean by that?
Ed Campbell: One time charges could be anything from establishing reserves for inventory that we do periodically or special charges like that, its those types of things that are non-recurring that are in the production portion of the income statement. What weve based our assumption on in quarter four is another quarter three. Are we going to use all of our energies and efforts to do better than that, of course but we havent forecasted it and weve not asked you to plan on it.
Matt Summerville: Switching over to the Adhesive business, obviously organic growth has been excellent, the margin performance probably at or very near record levels. How should we think about margins going forward how is the mix in the third quarter, is there still upside to that 26.5% run rate. Maybe Ill leave it there on that question.
Ed Campbell: As we look at quarter four in Adhesives were probably going to see and embedded in the guidance that weve given for the overall company is essentially a flat Adhesives quarter compared to a quarter a year ago that was very high and had a lot of large engineered systems. I think this quarter is going to have a different kind of a mix, its going to have a mix of more standard systems and that generally come at reasonably good margins. I dont know, Greg, if theres any particular guidance you want to share with regard to operating margins in the segment this quarter versus next but I think the direction and my sense is good operating performance is expected again from this segment but perhaps not revenue growth.
Matt Summerville: As you look at order tempo has the last 12 weeks progressed at just through Adhesives, can you talk about what youve seen from a geographic standpoint, specifically I want to delve into more around if youve seen any major changes in Europe and I know a lot of that stuff gets exported that you sell there but have you seen any major changes in Asia specifically in China?
Ed Campbell: We continue to have double digit growth rates in Asia. We have strong high single digit growth rates in Europe most recently. Its interesting, the only place we have a little softness in Adhesive order rates is in Japan and frankly thats lumpy, its a smaller territory it can bounce around week to week. Were quite balanced.
Matt Summerville: What was in other income in the quarter, I think it was like $2.6 million, what were the big components of that?
Greg Thaxton: The biggest component of that would be unrealized currency gains in our balance sheet.
Matt Summerville: Should we be looking at something similar in the fourth quarter, how should we think about that?
Greg Thaxton: It depends on how we release some of those liabilities but a lot of that was in Asia as well as in Europe as the currencies reverse course we got some benefit out of that. Id say in quarter four we may have less of a benefit.
Operator: At this time Im showing no further questions.
Ed Campbell: I appreciate the interest everyones had. I wont go any further in terms of looking for questions. We all look forward to speaking to investors again at our Investor Day on September 12 and having an opportunity to update you on all of the programs and activities that were about. Thanks again.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-05-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation second quarter fiscal 2008 results conference call (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Price, you may begin your conference.
Barbara Price: Thank you, Kristel. Good morning, everyone. This is Barb Price, Manager, Shareholder Relations, along with Ed Campbell, Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer and Greg Thaxton, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Thursday, May 22, 2008 on Nordson's second quarter fiscal 2008 results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.nordson.com and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Monday June 9 by calling 1-800-642-1687 and you will need to reference ID number 47247543. Our attorneys have requested we open this call with a cautionary statement under the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call forward-looking statements maybe made regarding our future performance based on Nordsons current expectations. These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Ed Campbell for an overview of our second quarter fiscal 2008 results and Nordsons future outlook. Ed
Edward Campbell: Thank you Barb and good morning to you all. Thank you for attending Nordsons conference call, discussing our second quarter 2008 results. My comments this morning will provide highlights of what turned out to be another very strong quarter for Nordson, both in terms of revenue growth and operational performance. In addition Ill provide some guidance relative to our outlook for the third quarter and some general comments regarding full year performance. Our second quarter performance generated record sales of $294 million, up 22% from the prior year driven by a volume increase of 15% and favorable currency impacts of 7%. Of the volume increased, the first year effect of acquisitions added approximately 6% with 9% coming from organic growth, a very solid number for our mix of business. All segments contributed double-digit revenue growth in the quarter lead by Advance Technology segment gains of 26% its fourth consecutive quarter of growth in excess of 20%. Organic growth within this segment was approximately 8%, the second consecutive quarter of solid performance on an organic basis indicating improvements and some of our end to markets and revenue growth from new products and applications. Sales in the Adhesive segment grew by 23% in the second quarter, aided significantly by exchange rate movements, but even excluding these effects volume grew by an impressive 12.5% with much of the growth generated from our larger dollar per system product lines such as Nonwoven, Product Assembly and Coating. We did experience a sales volume growth in all of our product lines within the segment. Within the Industrial Coating and automotive segment the 10% growth is primarily centered in Europe, Asia Pacific and the U.S. I will remind you that this segment is driven by margin dollar engineered systems and this is the segment most sensitive to general economic softness and any associated pause in capital spending. On geographical basis, second quarter revenue was up double-digit growth rates in all geographic markets except for the Americas, which grew by 6%. This marks the second consecutive quarter with double-digit growth rates in these geographies. Asia Pacific continues to grow with a very rapid pace with the quarters growth of 31% exceeds the last five year average annual growth rate of 27%. The overall gross margin rate of 56.4% in the quarter was inline with our guidance and reflects the sales mix impact associated with margin dollar, in lower margin system sales noted in my earlier comments as well as the gross margin rates of acquired businesses. Operating profit increased 58% to a second quarter record of $54 million or 18% of sales a strong performance for any quarter. On a segment basis I am very pleased with the expanded operating margins in both the Adhesives and Advanced Technology segments. Weve return the operating margin and Advanced Technology to above 20% up the 10 point improvement in operating margin about 4% point reflects reduced, to purchase accounting affects with the reminder associated with the favorable mix of sales across product lines as well as improved operating performance in multiple product lines within the segment. With regard to Industrial Coating & Automotives performance, operating margin is down 1% point as compared to the prior year's second quarter due to a higher mix of OEM system sales and higher spending associated within an unusual pattern of trade shows and other activities that fell into this quarter and which we dont expect to see in the third and fourth quarters. For the first half, the segments operating profit is up 33% on a 9% increase in revenue and the management has continuing and active plans to address the segments profitability. Net income for the quarter increased 58% over the prior year to a second quarter record of $33 million and fully diluted earnings per share increased 59% to a second quarter record of $0.97 versus $0.61 in the prior year second quarter. Lower purchase accounting charges in the second quarter contributed 6% per share --    $0.06 per share as compared to the prior year's second quarter. Cash related measure reflected very good performance in the quarter. Contributions to cash flow were net income of $33 million, non-cash charges of $12 million and working capital of $6 million resulting in cash from operations of $51 million. Net capital expenditures and dividends were each $6 million in the quarter resulting in free cash flow of $39 million. Even after dividends we generated free cash of 118% of net income and this year's free cash was more than three times the amount generated during the same period last year. The current quarters EBITDA was $63 million, of 43% increase over the last year's $44 million. Our debt leverage measured as debt to total capital ended the quarter at 34%, net of cash this ratio would have been 32%, the change in the debt leverage ratio, which was 40% and 37% net of cash at the end of quarter one of fiscal 2008 demonstrates how quickly we tend to deliver. In summary the second quarter strong performance follows a very solid first quarter with both quarters generating record sales and earnings. Let me now turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the third quarter of 2008 as well as the full-year. Recent demand is measured by orders both on a segment and geographic basis has been provided in our press release. In summary orders for the last 12 weeks ending May 11th, measured in constant currency and including acquisitions in both years were equal to the same 12-week period in the prior year. To add some perspective to the segment quarter rates, the advance technology segments 10% growth in orders was fueled by growth in Europe and Asia Pacific were orders are up 32% and 27% respectively. This is the third straight quarter of double-digit order growth through the segment, demonstrating growth in both core businesses as well as acquisitions. Adhesives 12-week orders, which were equal to the same period of the prior year, are impacted most by deceleration of orders within the larger dollar nonwovens and coating systems product lines. Regarding the industrial coating and automotive segments decline in order rates, I would point out that orders at this time last year were up 8%, so we again have somewhat of the difficult comparison and a segment characterized by larger dollars systems, which had lumpiness, but as I stated earlier, this is a segment where demand tends to correlate to industrial capital spending. Even with these reduced current order rates, Ive remained confident that we will see respectable performance within the segment as management continues to execute on its profitability plans, but this perspective on order rates, we currently have an outlook for a sales volume increase of 8% to 12% for the second quarter, which includes 2% growth associated with the first year affect of acquisitions. Favorable currency affects should contribute an additional 5%, to year-to-year sales growth resulting in overall sales growth of 13% to 17% in the quarter. The sales outlook would be a record for any third quarter. Given the mix of products, we should see gross margins around 56% of sales. This outlook results in earnings per share for the third quarter in the $0.91 to $1.01 range versus the prior year's $0.72. Earnings in this range would represent record earnings per share for any third quarter with a $0.96 per share midpoint of this range being 33% higher than the prior year third quarter earnings per share. The strong performance delivered through the first half of the year, coupled with this outlook for the third quarter, puts us well on our way to a very strong full-year result. Well we have not had to practice of providing guidance from more than the next quarter I would like share some perspective on the fourth quarter. Based on current order trends in backlog, our preliminary estimate for revenue growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008, will be between 6% and 10% inclusive of 3% favorable currency benefits and earnings per share at the midpoint of this revenue range being approximately $1.03 per share. In summary, we are pleased with the results of our second quarter and the outlook for the balance of the year where we expect to generate record sales and earnings per share and before I -- now just opened up for questions. I guess I just liked to, if you will go of the notes and just make a couple summary comments and how I react to the quarter and where I see that we are right now. A couple of things really standout in my mind, a quarter ago we were talking about the Advanced Technology segment having operating margins that were down in the 13 or so range and we said that what we needed to do overtime was to work to return those operating margins back to 20% and Im really pleased that weve been able to do that so quickly. I think just an outstanding performance for that segment in the second quarter. The second highlight that standout in my mind is the cash generation of this business. Weve grown EBITDA in this year's second quarter over last year by 43% and the free cash flow after dividends, after capital expenditures and working capital and they are like is just very strong I mentioned a 118% in net income after those outlays and comparing to a year ago, we have tripled the free cash generation. I think that's just really great and then if I look at the profitability of the business to put some of the numbers that we've talked about in perspective. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales for Nordson was 38% in this second quarter. If you compare that to where we have been, you have to go all the way back 28 years to 1980 to the find the year, when we had SG&A that was at this kind of a level of sales. The team here has done a very good job of controlling costs while growing revenue and that correspondingly has produced operating profit of 18.4% in the quarter and again you have to go back in this case to 1989 to see a full year that would be running at those of kind of rates and as I look at the guidance that we've shared for the third quarter and the preliminary estimates for the fourth quarter if you work through that and [Inaudible] assuming that we hit those targets, the same kind of relationships in terms of SG&A to sales and profitability, operating margin to sales and son on will be repeated and I think I think  Well be able to look back to full year comparison this year to those years that I mentioned that -- we really just generating some super performance. So I have to stop here and give my compliments to our team I think they really executed and with that we are happy to open this up for questions and comments.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company.
John Franzreb: Compared to your initial guidance, what was the biggest variance in the quarter, what business exceeded expectations compared to what you were thinking, say three months ago?
Edward Campbell: If I compare where we finished the quarter compared to the high end of guidance, we were just on the volume basis seven times, several percentage in growth rate above that high end of the guidance and I think in terms of execution we saw -- it's probably coming in a bit stronger than we had expected, they were above our own mid-point of our estimates, no doubt advance technology produced for us in levels that we are consistent with our best expectations and then on top of that from an earnings point of view, we clearly had currency with the nice tailwind and that added very good boost earnings per share that took us up a bit. We also, as I mentioned with cash flow and the benefit of lower interest rates, compared to what we might have expected the cash flow was strong and correspondingly weve benefited in terms of interest rates unlike and then last we did a good job in spending. So, on-- we really had good performance coming from a number of different directions.
John Franzreb: All right, and do you think the advance technologies margins, is its sustainable at this 20% plus threshold. Do you think its going to be kind of a lumpy kind of a margin quarter-to-quarter this early on?
Edward Campbell: I think the margins that we produced are consistent with the kind of volumes that we shipped and we from a source of that widened margin clearly we had a good mix in terms of one set of product lines with the other, we had strength in Simtech, we had strength in EFD and those were obviously favorable. We had good and improving performance from the acquisitions and so we had a lot of things operating in that regard. I think the biggest determinant of whether we will sustain those margins or see changes either better or worse is going to -- for the most part be volume driven.
John Franzreb: Okay and one last question, you kind of reference in your order discussion that the larger jobs are whats holding back what's going on in an ease of an industrials as far as the order book. Can you kind of talk about what you are seeing there, is there some sort of global equipment spending trend going on at that we should be cognizant of, just kind of talk about some of the larger jobs and why there is a little bit weakness going on there?
Edward Campbell: Well, the areas that have driven the good order growth that we have seen in the first part of the year, even I think in the tail end of 2007 were focused in those businesses where orders tend to be quite large and that being the non-woven adhesive systems   that are used for the assembly of baby diapers and feminine hygiene products and like wise the orders for large coding systems which are very large laminating systems using hot melt adhesives that tend to have very high ticket prices, long lead times in the like and these often times will come in particular the no-woven systems, they will tend to come in a pattern that might be associated with a large producer looking to recapitalize the production capability or in connection with the introduction of new products that they maybe rolling out in various geographies around the world. That tends to be source of the variability we occasionally see. This is a business where we have very good market positions and we saw in the orders in recent months and shipments as well, god activity in North America and so as you look at the geographical relationship of our orders, youll see that some weakness thats crept into the US and a portion of that is the same determinant that has caused adhesive orders to be lower in the most recent reporting period than we had previously. There is nothing though -- I think to answer your question more directly, there is nothing that I see associated with a shift in global patterns or anything like that, I think its more about the buying patterns of particular customers that it is a macro economic driver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Brady with BMO Capital Markets
Charles Brady: Thanks, good morning. Ed congratulations, obviously phenomenal results and should feel pretty proud of that as I imagine you are
Edward Campbell: Thanks Charlie.
Charles Brady: I had a question, on the margin in the adhesive dispensing -- they are obviously really god margins, but you are also talking about having a mix of the lower margin larger project business embedded in there and so I guess my question is this level of margin, it sounds there as though we are not going to have these lower margin projects or I guess how long do we have these lower margin projects in here, because it sounds as though the margins might have a tendency to move even above where they are at now once that mix shifts a little bit to the less of the larger project business?
Edward Campbell: I think thats a fair question, weve got a couple of different countervailing forces in there. As you note on the second page of the schedule, attached to the press release, we had very favorable currency in this segment as well, as a large portion of the systems that we sell or sold in international markets and that has a favorable benefit to not just to revenue, but also to gross margin and net operating margins and then the force going the other way of course is the mix within the products that we are selling within that segment in a sense moving against this and so, we were able -- the extra volume as well as the currency affect more than offset the unfavorable mix. If we can have the same volume, the same currency with the different mix of products you are absolutely right. There is significant additional operating in gross margin opportunities, but I think what we are talking about is less of a shift in the mix of these products -- its the same revenue, same revenue growth rate, but rather a portion of whats our overall growth for these lumpy sales and I think the deceleration that you see in the order rate in correspondingly the volume growth rate thats in better than our outlooks that we shared for third and fourth quarter are associated with some of these large systems orders are not associated with the period that we forecasting as much as they were in the prior periods.
Charles Brady: Thanks thats helpful. Can you expand upon the comment with regard to the industrial coatings business? The think you are doing to improve the margins there?
Edward Campbell: It is more about the operating margins that it is necessarily about the gross margins, but its a portion of that, these are businesses that are located in our Ohio campus and its an area where we have been active and looking at the how we can better utilize the investment embedded in that campus and we have activity underway to reduce some of the cost in there associated with how we operate. We also have been looking at the totality of the product line and focusing upon those portions of the product line that have best advantage to expand our emphasis and correspondingly for the portions of the various components to go into that that maybe there is area that we could deemphasize and that then gives us ability to correspondingly adjust all the support systems within the product lines in a consistent way that at the end of that those shifts will make us to be more efficient. We also have been about introducing some new products that are in their induction. Were a portion of the spike and spending that we had in this past quarter and there is a lot of excitement about these products, weve introduced these at shows around the world in recent periods and we expect that the profit performance of this group with the shifts to the new products, the reactions that we are getting in those things Ive talked about in terms of operating expense all add up to a better level of profitability that we would otherwise have at any level of revenue.
Charles Brady: One follow-up final question, Ill get back in queue. On the SG&A expense you commented about the sort of how far back you have to go to see a level that well, but you also commented, that you had sounded like some headwinds on additional costs on tradeshows in coatings and that arent going to be repeated. I guess my question goes to sustainability of SG&A at the Q2 level at least as a percentage of sales?
Edward Campbell: I think that the comment that I'd repeat is that presuming we hit these forecast that we have been laid, we are within that range and I would think that these relationships would be consistently sustained.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Summerville with KeyBanc.
Matthew Summerville: A couple of questions first Greg, can you quantify what the FX benefit was to EPS in the second quarter and then remind us what it was in Q1 and then if we go back to Eds outlook for the third and fourth quarter, what kind of EPS contribution you have embedded in that from currency.
Gregory Thaxton: Yes Matt, this is Greg. What I can say about quarter two is FX benefit to the high-end of our EPS guidance was about $0.05. Now we did have as Ed, mentioned some benefits with declining interest rates on our debt that added about our $0.02 to top end and then lower SG&A as well was in another benefited as Ed called out, in quarter one currency added about $0.06 to our earnings.
Matthew Summerville: So it actually added less in the second quarter?
Gregory Thaxton: What Im reconciling to  Im sorry my second quarter comments, is to our top end of guidance.
Edward Campbell: In the total Matt, the foreign exchange this year as compared to last year was $0.12 a share in earnings per share impacting quarter two. Net number was $0.06 in quarter one.
Matthew Summerville: Okay and then the back half of the year do you have something similar as to the $0.18 than total in the first half of are using the number less than that.
Edward Campbell: We are using a number less than. If you look at the currency, the currency gain on the revenue growth in the third quarter is that about 5% and in the fourth quarter is about 3%.
Matthew Summerville: Okay. All right I just want to verify that. I guess I think I probably know the explanation, but I would like to just digging a little bit Ed on the sequential decline in the overall backlog.
Edward Campbell: Yeah the backlog in the quarter one was as I recall. The exchange rates at that time something like 131 million and we are now at these exchange rates are 121 million and then a sense its -- if you look at the volume that we shifted, we shifted 9% volume and then we had orders depending upon the order dates dont exactly line up with the that reporting period, but weve talked in constant currency 8% order growth we see during the first quarters conference call, and 0% order growth in the most recent period looking backwards. So, its in my mind not surprising that the backlog can down a bit, particularly some of those large engineered systems jobs, the Costing jobs for example they were at Hughes, that were portion of our shipments in quarter two. These are jobs that are literally in the backlog for periods approaching a year and so, some of the growth that we had in orders, in the first half of 2007 are products that were being shipped in the most recent quarter.
Matthew Summerville: Okay. Thats kind of what I thought. Tuning to Advanced Technology, how do you feel about the sustainability of the organic growth youve experienced through the first half of the year, and then I just what has to happen for that to accelerate, and then I just want to see if there is consistency around that what your hearing from your key customers in and around Advanced Technology, that would reconfirm your prior statement. Do you think 09 is gong to be more robust than 08?
Edward Campbell: Yes, well first of all there is a variety of different factors that we look at and looking at our expectations for Advanced Technology. First of all if I start with a macro and I will immediately give a cavy that in our experience in present observations we often times perform a different levels in some of those macro trends we get, when you look at Garnett group and some of those, but nevertheless were a -- we do operate in some aspects of some of these broader markets and its always interesting to look at what they have to say. The most recent Garnett group forecast would indicate that the market for some of the capital equipment is very weak right now, primarily focused in derma capital equipment. There was a real -- I think in a lot of peoples mind an excess of capital spending to built the capacity, to build the volume of memory thats being shipped and now there is a gloat not only of capacity but also of inventory. Good for Nordson, we hardly operate in those areas today, I think over time going forward, we are going to see major changes in the architecture of home memory is assembled that will significantly benefit Nordson and the technologies that we bring to those markets, but as of today, we are not being impacted accept in  some minor ways. We are much more focused on capital equipment necessary to assemble that processors and the boards that are used in products like cell phones other handheld devices and personal computers. For example in cell phones, there is the macro numbers you see in cell phones that people probably tend to be most familiar with, but the reality is cell phones are getting significantly more capable. These cell phones are now coming with Bluetooth capability, camera assemblies are getting into a higher percentage of phones. There are tuners being put in there, TV tuners in cell phones in certain markets of the world. There are GPS system that are being imbedded in cell phones. Every one of these are subassemblies that are requiring the entirety year of whats going into a cell phone to be significantly more concentrated and assembled with architectures that we use. I recently saw report that took a leading brand named cell phone apart where they compared what one of the cell phones looked alike in a most recent assembly versus what they have might have looked like a number of years ago. A number of years ago, you might have seen one flip chip on these cell phones, the cell phone that we saw on this analysis had 25 and youre talking about huge multiples of concentration of architectures that come our way and we are just seeing an offer lot of demand for capability to put these increase -- these systems in the phones. Now, as to 2009 versus 2008, Ill remind the group that we did introduce at the very beginning of fiscal year 2008 and the Simtech an entirely new product line of platforms, with an eye towards - gradually obseleting prior generation platforms and what were enjoying right now is very robust demand for the new systems by very important customers and frankly very robust demand for the old systems. People who want to make sure that they have lots of those systems before we obsolete those and we are blessed with very good demand on both sides if you will, and being driven by those that same forces that I mentioned. Our visibility beyond some key customers that share with us, their own forecast so that they can ensure that we are ready for them and they are read for us is not great, we look at -- if you will, conversational things that we have with the important end to markets, we were projects that have being worked, we where a lot of things  the revolving and things like advanced packaging from memory that today is all traditionally wire bounded type assemblies and we just feel a lot of reasons for optimism, but we also recognize that these things can like lot of Nordsons business be lumpy from time-to-time. Our visibility out one quarter is good beyond that one quarter and important key customers, it becomes less robust in terms of its precision and we -- just probably react in our forecast as a result of that.
Matthew Summerville: Okay. Just sticking with the advance tech business can you talk about outside of the absence of inventories step up costs? What kind of operating margin improvement weve seen out of the businesses, youve bought recently?
Edward Campbell: We have seen a mix, we have one of the four companies and Im not get into specifics just for competitive reasons but we had one of those four businesses that has had significant growth in volume and corresponding benefits in the - in the arrangement  of their P&L. At the other extreme, we have a business thats primarily U.S. centric and it is suffered from weakness thats been specifically associated with some Advanced Technology weakness for businesses that are headquartered in the U.S. customers headquartered in the U.S. Our Asian businesses have been strong in advanced tech and general we are seeing expanding performance in the P&L as a result of that.
Matthew Summerville: Okay, then just one final - actually two final questions. First, whats the tax rate we should be using for the full year has that changed and then Ed can you qualify what you thought the excess spend was in industrial coating in the quarter?
Edward Campbell: Sure. As Greg, is grabbing the tax rate. The extra spending rate is in the order of $1 million.
Matthew Summerville: Okay.
Gregory Thaxton: And tax rate Mat is consistent with what we are seeing here in the second quarter about 35.5%.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your next question comes from the line of Bob Schenosky with Jefferies.
Bob Schenosky: Good quarter, first up, just one house keeping note CapEx estimate for the year?
Gregory Thaxton: Full-year estimates for capital expenditures from operations would be about $21 million and we -- as weve articulate in the past, well have some spending throughout the quarter associated with real estate and through the second half of the year.
Bob Schenosky: And then, just I want to clarify on the FX comments you made on the quarter at, you said that there was $0.12 in currency benefit in earnings, is that all translation or you will also mentioned interest rates, so can you break that out?
Gregory Thaxton: Im sorry this is Greg, that $0.12 is all currency benefit. Its not includes about the benefit from the interest rates.
Bob Schenosky: Okay, thanks. Youve been quite clear on the AT demand in the next year and also in the second half of this year, but what about the other two segments and related CapEx spending given macro concerns, commodity prices. Are you getting any indications that all from your customers in terms of then want to pullback some CapEx decisions?
Edward Campbell: No, its something that, I have asked regularly if our guidance -- we get together to try to understand. I think we have seen some conservatism of people in the industrial coating customer markets. Those are the market that, typically things that are painted with powder or made with metal and thats you are talking about durable goods that have a verity of end-market locations that are consistent with where we see weakness within the U.S. and embedded in our forecast for the third quarter is a decline in revenue associated with industrial coating activity, but we have some sense that the -- that that business can have an improved fourth quarter unlikely the dip that we see in the third quarter. With regard to Hughes we have less types of visibility and less observations around those kinds of patterns to back away. Weve had generally across all of the product lines, good performance in the product lines within the Hughes. These are businesses that have lots of orders and in the lead times other than those large systems that I have talked about earlier, tend to be very short. Products that are relatively standard and that we shift with them just a couple of few days from the time we get the orders. So, we tend to be more momentum focused in our own internal forecasting. The end to markets that we are selling to tends to be much less associated with durable good products that our customers are making with our systems and so, we dont expect, nor have we specifically observed the kind of things that weve seen elsewhere in the economy and within ICA in particular.
Bob Schenosky: Okay, thanks Ed and are you able to delineate any further for us, the strength that you have seen in Europe by geography. I mean, just certainly its a big dichotomy there with strength in Germany, but some other countries showing pretty extreme weakness now because of several issues
Edward Campbell: Yes, I think our pattern would not be -- unlike the things that you read about from various sources. Southern Europe is -- for the whole 90s Southern Europe is what really drove demand and Northern Europe struggled and here of late its been the inverse of that. Germany and the adjacent countries have been doing well and some of the Mediterranean countries have struggled a bit more; the UKs economy has been mixed as well.
Bob Schenosky: Okay and then finally, give the strength in cash and the balance sheet that you have, can you talk about acquisition strategy for the back half of this year and into 09?
Edward Campbell: I will talk about our strategy Bob and obviously we have got a very strong position, we have -- if you look back over the last five years, we have obviously concentrated our spending in 2007, but if you look at it over time we are spending -- the needs of our business for reinvested cash are not huge and so we have an ongoing expectations of our selves that we are going to find acquisition opportunities of high performing companies that because of their unique market positions, your technologies are going to deliver revenue and earnings growth in levels of profitability that are at or better than what we would average as a corporation overall. That strategy to find companies of that nature, that bring us not new end markets or geographic markets, so that we can bring them into those new markets is something we search for; always looking for a way to ensure that we are adding value and we are not just simply investing in areas where we cannot add that synergistic boost to performance. In terms of what we will find, I cant project. We have an active and ongoing look. I think that the level of sellers out there and looking to -- their initiative to sell businesses is not as high as it was a couple of years. I think theres a bit of latency added t it in many business owners, but on the other hand, we are very active in trying to find ways in which we can identify companies that we can establish relationships and do things to build a plan, particularly an entrepreneur founders plan at the time that they love to retire from their business with a partner that they are going to work with in terms of selling that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregory Macosko with Lord Abbott.
Gregory Macosko: Could you just remind me a little bit on the third quarter with regard to advanced tech -- I mean the margins clearly were tremendous. Where did they stand in the third quarter and relative to a -- on a comparison basis?
Edward Campbell: I dont have, Greg a specific operating margin to share with you for the third quarter, but
Gregory Macosko: No, last year excuse me, I am sorry.
Edward Campbell: Last years third quarter.
Gregory Macosko: Yes, excuse me.
Edward Campbell: Thats okay. We will grab that for you just a moment well
Gregory Macosko: And then with regard to the order growth as well there was a bit of a -- a couple of comparison in some of the sectors. I mean just again remind me how -- what those comparisons are in order of the rate -- growth look like in the three sectors for the third quarter of 07?
Edward Campbell: Yes, the third -- yes the orders looking at the order pattern. We had a year ago and I dont have the sheets in front of me, so I will dig off because I am drawing on memory here, but the adhesives and the industrial coating and automotive business segments a year ago had very strong orders around this time of the year and in fact if you -- as we could look at a graphical pattern that these orders have crossed the fiscal year 2007 you would see some humps that existed there in the mid part of the year and we are kind of driving into those humps as point of comparison right now and then the order rates in these segments were softer in the final four months or so of the fiscal year and at the rates that we are running out now if we just maintain those rates we will go from flat comparisons to positive comparisons. There is always a bit of seasonality and thats not to say that we might not have in a sequential basis some softness as we get into December months as we have in some years, but there is clearly a hump that we are having to compete with as we compare this year's dollar order rates compared to one year ago.
Gregory Macosko: Good and the margins -- the comparison in the Advanced Tech.
Gregory Thaxton: Yeah, Greg the Advanced Tech margins in the third quarter of 07 was 14.1%.
Gregory Macosko: And the fourth, do you have that?
Gregory Thaxton: And the will more -- in just a minute.
Edward Campbell: We had last year -- I will caution that last year's operating margins in Advanced Technology had within them these purchase accounting affects, for example in quarter two it was about $0.08 a share I think in quarter three it might have been something like $0.05 a share and maybe a penny or so in quarter four.
Gregory Macosko: And so that is going down now what we are seeing here and thats less now in the current quarter, is that right?
Edward Campbell: Yeah we picked up $0.03 a share.
Gregory Thaxton: $0.06 a share.
Edward Campbell: No, $0.06 a share pardon me -- $2 million; $0.06 a share in the second quarter and $0.05 in the third quarter.
Gregory Thaxton: And the prior year fourth quarter was 15.5%.
Gregory Macosko: Okay, so they have been progressing steadily nicely.
Edward Campbell: Yes.
Operator: At this time there are no questions in queue.
Edward Campbell: Okay operator, well thank you. Last quarter when we had this conference call we got that notice from the operator and I thanked everybody and hung up and I later heard from some people that you didnt give us a chance to push the button, so I guess as they sometimes say this is the last call, but as I give folks an opportunity to consider whether they have more I again just want to reiterate that we feel real good about the momentum that this business has. We have a good solid look at the third quarter. Its a less clear for the fourth quarter, but we wanted to share with you an outlook for the fourth quarter so that you could get a sense of the momentum and the pace of business that we see. I think if you look at the currencies that weve shared; 3% on revenue, we dont know what its going to be. That maybe slightly conservative, but we will leave it to you to do your own currency forecast but we thank you all for your attention. Operator, are there any more questions?
Operator: No sir, not at this time.
Edward Campbell: Alright, well then we will call it a day. Thank you, all very much. Look forward to having the same conversation with you in three months. Bye, bye.
Operator: This concludes today's Nordson Corporation second quarter fiscal year 2008 results. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-02-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good Morning. My name is Carmen and I'll be your conference operator today. I would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time simply press star then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press the pound key. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mrs. Price. You may begin your conference.
Barb Price: Thank you Carmen. Good morning everyone. This is Barb Price, Manager Shareholder Relations along with Ed Campbell, Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer, and Greg Jackson, Vice President Chief Financial Officer. We would like to welcome you to our conference call today, Friday February 22, 2008 on Nordstrom's First Quarter Fiscal 2008 Results. Our conference call is being broadcast live on our web page at www.Nordson.com and will be available for 14 days. There will be a telephone replay of our conference call available until midnight Friday February 29 by calling 18006421687 and you will need to reference ID number 34551546. Our attorneys have requested we open this conference call with a cautionary statement: Under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. During this conference call future statements may be made regarding our future performance based on Nordstrom's current expectations.  These statements may involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that could cause actual results to differ. After our remarks we will have a question and answer session. I will now like to turn the call over to Ed Campbell for an overview of  our First Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 results and Nordstrom's future outlook. Ed..
Ed Campbell: Thank you Barb and thank all of you for attending Nordson's conference call discussing our First Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Results. Much of the data that I have typically provided in my comments such as order growth rates has been included with the earnings release, so my comments this morning will provide highlights of what was a very strong quarter for Nordstrom, both in terms of revenue growth and operational performance. In addition, I'll provide some guidance relative to out outlook for the second quarter. Our first quarter performance generated record sales of $245 million, up 20% from the prior year driven by a volume increase of 15% and favorable currency impacts of 5%. Of that volume increase, the first year effective acquisitions added approximately 9% with 6% coming from internal growth. All segments contributed solid revenue growth in the quarter, led by the advance technologies segments' gain of 41%. Although much of this segment's growth is from the first year effective acquisitions, internal volume growth in this segment was approximately 9%. This is encouraging as it represents another progressively stronger quarter of advance technology shipments and reflects not only improvements in some of our end markets within this segment but also growth from products introduced in recent quarters. The 13% growth in the adhesive segment is also very encouraging, as the  growth is fairly broad based in terms of product lines and geographies. Within the industrial automotive segment, the 8% growth is primarily centered in Japan and Asia Pacific. I will remind you as well that this segment is driven by margin dollar engineered systems which can lead to volatility in both quarter sales and order entry comparisons. On a geographical basis, first quarter revenue was up double digit growth rates in all geographical markets except for the Americas which grew by 8%. Asia Pacific continues top be red hot with growth of 44%. Although the 20% sales growth in the first quarter fell just below our guidance range of 21-25%, I'll point out that we had a larger than normal value orders that were scheduled to ship in quarter one, but were rescheduled until later quarters due to customer requests. These are not order cancellations, they are request for delivery beyond the original delivery date for orders that tend to be margin dollar systems orders. The overall gross margin rate of 57.2% in the quarter was higher than guidance due to a variety of factors including favorable mix, including the shift of the orders noted above and down slightly from the prior year due to a higher mix of system revenue versus parts in the current quarter as compared to last years first quarter. Let me turn to the impact on 2008 current results from purchase accounting from the 2007 acquisitions. During the first quarter, the impact on earnings was neutral compared to last years first quarter. During the final nine months of 2008 the acquisition accounting will provide a favorable $.12  per share as compared to the charges in 2007. Operating profit increased 29% to a first quarter record of $36 million, or 15% of sales. A strong performance per quarter that is traditionally our lowest performing quarter. On a segment basis I'm very pleased with the improved operating margins in the adhesive segment, demonstrating the leverage that revenue growth has on operating performance. Likewise the 4 percentage point improvement in the industrial coating and automotive segment's operating margin is very satisfying. Although not yet at the performance levels we ultimately expect from this segment, we continue to see the benefits of our restructuring efforts. With regards to the advance technologies segments, we are seeing the mix impact associated with acquisitions in the current quarter, and like most of our traditional product lines the first quarter performance for the acquired businesses tends to be the weakest quarter performing quarter. I fully expect the margin performance of this particular segment to improve in the out quarters. Net income for the quarter increased 37% over the prior year to a first quarter record of $21 million in fully diluted earnings per share increased 35% to a first quarter record of $.62 per share versus $.46 in the prior year. Let me provide some additional perspective on cash flow. Contributions to cash flow were net income of $21 million, non cash charges of $10 million and $5 million from the net change in long term assets and liabilities. Typical for first quarter as we build inventory, the use of cash for net change and working capital was $23 million resulting in cash from operations of $13 million. Net capital expenditures in the quarter were $4million and dividends were $6 million. In addition, we did buy back approximately $7 million of stock in the quarter. The current years EBITDA, was $45 million a 36% increase over last year's $33 million. Our debt leverage measured on total debt capital ended the quarter at 40%. Net of cash, this ratio would be 37%. As we have articulated in the past, we are very comfortable at this level of debt and short of any acquisition activities we'll anticipate a fairly rapid reduction of this leverage  as we move forward. In summary, we have a very strong start to the year and I'm pleased with the sales growth and operating performance in each one of our segments. Let me turn to some brief comments about our outlook for the second quarter 2008. Back log at the end of the first quarter was approximately $131 million up $25 million in the same period of the prior year, and up $32 million from the beginning of the fiscal year, all measured in constant currency. Recent demand as measured by orders has shown considerable strength. The details of order rates by segment and geography have been included in their press release, but in summary, orders for the last 12 weeks, pending February 17 measured in constant currency including acquisitions in both years were up 8% from the same period from the prior year. To add some perspective to the current order growth rate the 12% adhesives order growth rate is certainly a strong rate for this segment and is broad based both geographically and across product line. Asia Pacific orders continue to  grow in excess of 30% within this segment. Within the advance technologies segment the growth of 10% is also fueled by Asia Pacific, orders are up 52% in this segment. I would also like to comment that this 10% order growth is the strongest we've seen for this segment in the last 5 quarters, and demonstrates growth both in our long standing product line as well as the new acquisitions. Regarding Industrial Coating and Automotive, the decline in order rate, one observation is that order rates at this time last year were up 15%, so we have a somewhat difficult comparison and as noted above, orders in this segment relate to margin dollars systems orders which can be lumpy on a quarter to quarter basis. Even with these current order rates, I remain confident that we will see respectable performances this year within this segment. With the perspective on order rates, we currently have an outlook on sales volume increase of 10-14% for the second quarter. Favorable currency affects should contribute a 4% increase to year to year sales resulting in overall sales growth of 14-18% in the quarter. The sales outlook would be a record for any second quarter. Given the mix of products, we should see gross margins around 57%. This outlook results in earnings per share for the second quarter in the $.77-$.86 range versus the prior year of $.61. Earnings in this range would represent record earnings for share for any second quarter and with the $.82 midpoint of this range 34% higher than the prior year second quarter earnings per share. Obviously the strong performance delivered in quarter one coupled with this outlook for the second quarter puts ups well on the way to a very strong first half of the fiscal year. Let me stop now and open it up for your questions.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone, in order to ask a question, please press star and then the number one on your telephone keypad. We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q and A roster. Your first question comes from John Francis with Sidoti and Company.
John Francis: Good Morning Ed.
Ed Campbell: Good Morning John.
John Francis: First question is a clarification; you said that purchase accounting was flat in the quarter. If I recall a year ago I think it was $.03. Does that mean that you had a $.03 negative impact on accounting in the current quarter?
Ed Campbell: Let me just give a broader background; The purchase accounting falls into 2 categories. The first is the short term inventory effect that are essentially all behind us as we now begin 2008. Last year's first quarter we had the inventory on the Dage acquisition as well as a small piece of that second element of purchase accounting which is the Amortization of the Intangible Assets associated with the purchased company. We're now in 2008, we have no more of the inventory effects but we have the intangibles from the four acquisitions coming through the income statement. We expect this year for those intangible to total around $.10, or between $.02-%.$.03 this quarter. That $.02-$.03 of '08 is equal and offsetting to the roughly $.03 that we had in the first quarter of '07. Then with the remaining nine months, it becomes quite favorable totaling about a 12% pickup as we have that continuing 2-3 this year compared to much larger charges last year.
John Francis: Understood, thank you very much. The adhesive dispensing order growth was rather impressive at 12%. You said it was broad based but I wanted to ask if you could provide some additional color as to what kind of end markets may be a little bit stronger than others?
Ed Campbell: If I look at the matrix of orders in that business geographically, the Asia-Pacific region is over 30% at it was last quarter so if you will, 6 months equivalent verses order rates, we've been trucking along at over 30%. We also see positive growth comparisons in all territories, including the US. If we look at the product lines within that segment it is all relatively strong as compared to what each of those product lines might traditionally deliver. For example, our packaging products tend to be quite stable but perhaps not with the kind of growth rate that we might get in assembly markets. Packaging relative to what it might be producing in other periods of time is moving along well. Or non woven business, again fueled by good strength in Asia is quite strong as what's encouraging about this, I think, that 12% this quarter was 19% last quarter. These are big numbers for this segment and reflect good levels of investment by customers and good success in some of our initiatives that we've got out there in the various regions and we're just real pleased with it.
John Francis: I agree, these are very impressive numbers. Last question is, the Industrial Automotive Business, I know you said you had a tough comparison, should we be concerned that business might dip into the red in coming quarters or is there enough confidence in the cautions taken out on that business or the potential order bulk, that we should not be concerned about that?
Ed Campbell: The first quarter for this segment is always the weakest. I think if you look back a year ago, my recollection is that impact on the income statement it had a down performance, it's not uncommon for it to have that kind of relationships in quarter one compared to out quarters. I'm not, I think the short answer to your question is, no you should not be concerned.
John Francis: Thanks a lot Ed.
Operator: Again if you would like to ask a question please press star the number one on your telephone keypad. Your next question comes from Matt Somerville with Keybanc.
Matt Somerville: Morning. Couple of questions, first, as you commented that you felt that there were some orders that you thought would ship in the first quarter that have been rescheduled for the later three quarters of the year, could you provide a little more granularity  in terms of was that relegated to a specific geography, a specific business segment, and then I guess how substantial would you say the dollar value of that business was and then is this something you traditionally see or should this be viewed as somewhat cautionary I guess?
Ed Campbell: First of all, I'll answer the second question first. I don't think you should be concerned, these are issues associated with logistics that our customers have in the facilities where they're looking to take these deliveries, its across a handful of orders, its not a large quantity of different circumstances, each has their own story, but I don't think its in anyway reflective of macroeconomic conditions but rather just particular customer circumstances. As to segment, it is substantially all in adhesives and geographically its not concentrated is it Greg?
Greg Jackson: No, it's not.
Ed Campbell: In terms of magnitude, in the internal growth rate its order magnitude couple percentage points, now we always have some of this that comes and goes at the end of every quarter. That a couple pf percentage points that we specifically identified isn't larger than we would typically see, but it would have changed had those circumstances not arisen, it would have changed the actual shipments in the quarter in the range that we had forecasted in our guidance in December.
Matt Somerville: For your volume outlook in the second quarter, I think the number that you provided was plus 10-14%. How much of that do you anticipate to be organic volume gains verses contributions from acquired business?
Ed Campbell: The acquired business are, in terms of the first year effect, are between 4-5%, so if I just split that number in the range for the volume would be 5.5-9.5.
Matt Somerville: Perfect. With respect to advance tech margins, I just want to make sure I understand the issue here. You had a couple extra cents of intangible amortizations, even if I add that back I can still, I would highly doubt I would see margin improvements. Can you help me close the loop on that? How profound was the mixed shift in the business and then do you expect in the second quarter to get back on that trajectory of margin improvements that can get you kind of back into the high teens range for the full year that I think you talked about previously?
Ed Campbell: Let me just talk more broadly about operating margins in that segment. 2006 was a year that the 4 businesses that we owned before the acquisitions in '07, was a very good year for 3 of 4 of those businesses, including 2 of the larger businesses, both had really good years, we had 24% operating margins in the segment on a full year basis. When we announced the financials associated with each of the 4 acquisitions that we did last year, we indicated that their operating margins were in the range of 20% of sales, that was before the impact of any acquisition accounting. So if you do a weighted average of the size of those businesses versus the size of the businesses that we have today, the combined organization would be aiming to produce 20% operating margins, including the effects of acquisition accounting, and we're obviously finishing this first quarter, which is always our weakest quarter a little more than 12% margin. If you adjust for the acquisition accounting, it still gets you up to 14, so we're very sure of the 20% kind of number that we think we ought to be setting our sights to the shareholders. There's a number of things that go on, one is just the seasonality. The first quarter is always a little b it weaker than the others. Second, the business we've talked about in 2007 regularly, is not at the rate of investment in technology markets as we saw in 2006 which was a very good year in those markets. '07 was weak, some segments of technology markets are projected to be even weaker in 2008, fortunately for us many of the product lines that we sell are actually targeted, advance technology and advance packaging assembly that have different dynamics than say do markets like memory, where there was real weakness in capacity and very limited investments, but we have some exposure to those markets and businesses other than at Simtech for example, so that the economic environment that is influencing our results in '07 and continuing in '08 is not back to where it was in 2006. So you combine those varying factors, the quarter, the rate of investment and the last I'll mention is that we made conscious efforts in  2007 to increase the rate of investment in new product development, some programmatic activity that is delivered, brand new product lines that we have introduced here in recent months, and multiple of our businesses that are beginning to fuel some of the order rates that we have reported in this most recent announcement. That spending though is measurable and visible in the operating margins that we're producing now, compared to the operating margins that we had in 2006 and we need to, as an organization, reap the benefits of those investments, look forward to improving environmental factors that should accelerate the rate of growth and we think that we're on the way to drive ourselves toward that kind of target that I shared. But I'm not forecasting that we will be at that 20% or greater operating margin in 2008.
Matt Somerville: As far as, in order to get to the EPS guidance you've provided for the second quarter now, I mean sufficient to say you're looking for a pretty measurable sequential improvement advance tech op margins. Is that fair, Ed?
Ed Campbell: I hear the question, I'm just reflecting on the very things that are in this report. I expect operating margins in advance technology to improve, frankly across most of our businesses in quarter two compared to quarter one. Simply as we grow, and the seasonality of the line that we have in quarter two compared to quarter one. I can't specifically speak to that margin because frankly I don't have that in front of me but I'll tell you that 7-8%, at the center of the growth guidance for the quarter before currency, we've got meaningful growth over a quarter of a year ago that obviously with the same seasonal factors we're stronger than quarter one, so I'd expect to see some improvement over operating margins. I think if you do the arithmetic on earnings per share you can back end the sequential margin change would be positive.
Matt Somerville: OK. As far as more broadly speaking about the semiconductor piece of advance tech, I guess the road maps to your key customers, or that you speak about your key customers sharing with you that gives you some level of longer term visibility, over the last quarter or so, have those road maps become more favorable, less favorable, or pretty much stayed the same? How do you feel about the beyond '08 trajectory in advance tech?
Ed Campbell: There are two developments that have evolved in the advance tech markets for us. As we mentioned in our last conference call, the Simtech business, for example, introduced an entirely new and major product line at an important trade show in Europe, and some of the strength that you see in advance technology orders at 10% is particularly being fueled by very good order growth in that business and with those products. That is consistent with out expectations, we believe that when this new product was introduced and based upon timing we expected that we would have accelerated business and I'll tell you that Simtech orders are very strong right now, and they are the stand out in this segment and that's consistent with all the things in this segment.
Matt Somerville: Great, thanks a lot.
Ed Campbell: You're welcome Matt.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charles Brady - BMO Capital Markets.
Tom Brinkman: Hi Good Morning, this is actually Tom Brinkman for Charles Brady. Just one quick question, I apologize I joined the call a bit late, if you've already covered this. Just wondering about the organic growth rate of technology, what your assumption is with the guidance going forward.
Ed Campbell: Well, first of all in the quarter we just announced organic growth was 9%. The acquisition effect was about 30%, that 9% is consistent. If you will, with the 10% order growth which is a performance type of order growth, I'm putting the acquisitions in the prior year as well as the current year, so its apples to apples. So 9-10% average in both orders and shipments in the most recent period drive, obviously, a portion of the expectations that we have in the second quarter. But I don't have a specific forecast to share with you relative to organic growth in tech in the second quarter.
Tom Brinkman: OK, so it's been relatively steady recently and you expect that going forward as well?
Ed Campbell: Well, its actually been accelerating. If you look back over the last several quarters we had declines in order rates in advance technologies back in the first half of 2007. The third quarter was 5, the fourth quarter was 10% in organic growth and then we've got another quarter of 10% that was accelerated and has been 10 for the last two quarters.
Tom Brinkman: OK, thank you.
Ed Campbell: You're welcome.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Ed Campbell: OK. Well, again, let me thank all of you fir your continued interest and support in Nordson Corporation and I look forward to producing the kind of results that we've shared with you in terms of our second quarter outlook. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Nordson Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2008 Results Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-12-19 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lupita and I will be yourconference operator today.  At this timeI would like to welcome everyone to the Nordson Corporation fourth quarterfiscal year 2007 results.  (OperatorInstructions)  Mr. Jaye  you may begin your conference.
James R. Jaye: Good morning.  This isJim Jaye, Director of Corporate Communications along with Ed Campbell ourChairman and Chief Executive Officer; Peter Hellman, President, Chief Financialand Administrative Officer and Greg Thaxton, Vice President andController.  We would like to welcome youto our conference all today, Wednesday, December 19, 2007 on Nordsons fourthquarter and fiscal 2007 results.  Ourconference call is being broadcast live on our webpage at www.Nordson.com andwill be available for 14 days.  Therewill be a telephone reply of our conference call available until Midnight,Friday, January 4th by calling 1-800-642-1687.  You will need to reference ID #26929529. Our attorneys have requested that we open this call with acautionary statement under the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private SecuritiesLitigation Reform Act of 1995.  Duringthis conference call forward-looking statements may be made regarding our futureperformance based on Nordsons current expectations.  These statements may involve a number ofrisks, uncertainties and other factors as discussed in the companys filingswith the securities and exchange commission that could cause actual results todiffer. After our remarks we will have a question and answersession. I would now like to turn the call over to Ed Campbell for an overviewof our fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 results and Nordsons futureoutlook.  Ed?
Edward P. Campbell: Thank you Jim and good morning to all of you and thank youfor attending Nordsons conference call discussing our fourth quarter 2007results.  We had a very strong fourthquarter generating record sales of $290.8 million, up 20.4% from the prior yearand a record for any quarter. Acquisitions added 11.6% to sales while core volume increased 4.4%.  In addition, currency added 4.4%. All segments contributed solid volume growth in thequarter.  The advanced technologiessystem segment supported the sales line gain of 38.7% reflecting the impact ofacquisitions.  Excluding acquisitions,volume in this segment was down 6.4%. The adhesive dispensing system segment showed a volume increase of 9.5%and the industrial coating and automotive system segment achieved a sales lineincrease of 5.2%. Fourth quarter sales volume was up in all geographic marketswith the Americasrising 26.5%.  Japanvolume was up 22.0%.  Asia Pacific was up16.4%.  Europe volume increased 15.9% andthe United Statesincreased 11.9%.  The overall grossmargin rate in the quarter was 54.9%. This margin rate was impacted by sales mix with a large volume ofengineered systems shipping in the quarter. In addition, short term inventory purchase accounting for acquiredinventory also impacted gross margins in the quarter. Spending was up 13.4% resulting from volume increases of10.2% driven primarily by acquisitions and currency which added 3.2% tospending.  Operating profit net ofcharges associated with purchase accounting was 16.7% of sales and grew 17%from the prior year.  Our interestexpense was up $3.6 million in the quarter reflecting the use of debt tofinance the four acquisitions completed this year. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 33.0% versus24.0% last year.  The prior year rateinclude a certain non-recurring tax benefit. Nordsons net income for the quarter was $29.6 million versus $29.5million from continuing operations last year and $27.8 million overall.  Fully diluted EPS was $0.87, prior yearsreported EPS was $0.87 from continuing operations and $0.82 includingdiscontinued operations. Two items [masked] excellent earnings performance in thecurrent quarter.  First, is the lowereffective tax rate in 2006 due to non-recurring tax benefits and a second is a$0.01 per share short term negative effect of purchase accounting for acquiredinventory.  Applying the current yeareffective tax rate to the prior year quarter results from continuing operationsand adjusting for the current quarter purchase accounting charge for acquiredinventory, EPS from continuing operations increased 15.8% in the quarter overthe prior year. Cash related measures reflected good performance in thequarter.  The current quarters EBITDAwas $57.5 million, a 22% increase over last years $47.2 million.  Our operating cash flow for the quartercontinued to be relatively strong. Specific cash flow items in addition to net income of $29.6 million werenon-cash charges of $10.8 million and working capital which generated $4.9million in the quarter resulting in cash from operations of $45.3 million.  Capital expenditures in the quarter were $5million and dividends were $5.9 million resulting in pre-cash flow of $34.4million in the quarter. Our debt leverage measured as debt to total capital endedthe quarter at 39.5% or 37% if debt net of cash is used in thecalculation.  Despite having investedover $325 million in four acquisitions we finished the year with less than 40%debt-to-capital. In summary, we had a very strong finish to the year.  I am pleased with the strong sales volumegrowth achieved by each of our segments as well as the 17% increase inoperating profit quarter-to-quarter.  Ouracquisitions without the impact of short term purchase accounting adjustmentsare accretive to results in the quarter and we believe we have additionalsynergies to leverage.  In addition, wecontinue to see significant improvements in the financial performance of ourindustrial coatings and automotive segment with operating profit margins of9.6% for the year versus 5.9% for fiscal year 2006. While still not operating at the level we desire, theresults today have demonstrated the turnaround that we have planned.  On a full year basis we received record sales$993.6 million with a strong second half to the year.  For the year, sales were up 11.4% with volumeincreasing 8.0% and favorable currency adding 3.4%.  Fully diluted EPS for the year is $2.65 ascompared to prior years $2.86 from continuing operations and $2.65 includingdiscontinued operations.  As with fourthquarter results, the full year EPS performance as compared to the prior year isimpacted by two non-recurring items.  Thefirst, is a $0.16 per share in the current year for short term purchaseaccounting charges associated with acquired inventory.  The second is the low 2006 effective tax ratewhich resulted from certain non-recurring tax benefits.  Applying the current year effective tax rateto prior years results and adding the $0.16 per share to current yearsreported results full year earnings per share increased 5.2% over prior yearsEPS from continuing operations. The full years EBITDA was $183.7 million up 8%over the prior years $169.9 million. Let me now turn to some brief comments about our outlook forthe first quarter of 2008.  The back logat year end was approximately $98 million up $26 million from the same periodof the prior year measured in constant currency.  Recent demand as measured by orders has shownconsiderable strength.  Orders for thelast 12 weeks ending December 9th ending in constant currency andincluding acquisitions in both this year and last years numbers were up 12%from the same period in the prior year. Recent orders by segment reflect that the past 12 week order ratesversus a year ago are up 19% in adhesives, up 10% in advance technologies and1% in industrial coating and automotive. Within advanced technologies I will note that orders withoutacquisitions are up 5% during this 12 week period.  This growth rate of 5% compares to a declineof 8% announced during our second quarter conference and growth of 1% announcedduring our third quarter conference call. And again, including the acquisitions in both this years and lastyears figures improves the 5% year-on-year growth rate to 10%.  We are clearly seeing improving order trendsin these advanced technologies businesses. On a geographic basis, orders over the past 12 weeks were upin all geographies.  Orders were up 44%in Asia Pacific, up 14% in Europe, up 3% in the United States and up 2% in both the Americasand Japan.  This perspective on order rates and ourstrong back log we currently have a sales outlook in terms of volume of anincrease of 16 to 20% in the first quarter of 2008.  Favorable currency effects should contribute a5% increase in year-to-year sales resulting in an overall sales growth of 21 to25% in the quarter.  This sales outlookwould be a record for any first quarter. Given the mix of products we should see gross margins around56%.  Spending in the quarter will be upapproximately 17% with the majority related to acquisitions and currencyaffects.  Included in the spending growthis geographic expansion of acquired businesses as well as continued investmentin growth market opportunities.  We areestimating a tax rate of 34.75% for the quarter and indeed for the full year,up slightly from the prior years first quarter rate of 33.47%.  This outlook results in earnings per sharefor the first quarter in the $0.55 to $0.64 range.  Earnings in this range would represent recordearnings per share for any first quarter with the $0.60 per share midpoint ofthis range 30% higher than the prior years first quarter earnings per share. Regarding cash flow, let me provide an outlook capitalexpenditures for the year.  As commentedlast year we have begun our efforts to realign our facilities footprint andtherefore you may see some lumpiness in quarters due to the timing of buildingrelated spend versus proceeds from sales. For the year we would expect operating capital expenditures that isexcluding any real estate investments to be about $21 million. With that let me know turn to your questions.  Operator, if you could now solicit questionsfrom the participants.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from theline of John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: The first question is pretty much about the acquisitionsover the past year.  Could you discusstheir relative performance versus your expectations?  Also, can you talk a little bit about the [inaudible]we should be expecting in these businesses?
Edward P. Campbell: First of all, in terms of expectations, these werebusinesses that we acquired based on the strength of their market positions andthe strength of the products and technologies theyre bringing to thecompany.  Let me start by sayingeverything that we expected to find in these businesses is there.  Its validated our assumptions and we feelvery positive about the strength of our portfolio of products and marketpositions that they brought to us.  Icant necessarily go through each one individually but, I would say that theperformance has ranged from strong acceleration during the period of time thatweve owned them and immediate realization of opportunities to sell some ofthese products in other segments or product lines of the organization incertain cases.  To others having somesoftening or deceleration but continued growth as a result of some of the samefactors that weve seen in the other portions of our advance technologiessegments. I guess one point I would make to reiterate the kind ofuplift theyre providing to us.  Imentioned that the orders in the most recent 12 weeks were the advancedtechnologies segment was 5% year-over-year if you just look at Nordsons corebusinesses.  But, when you average in thegrowth rate this year over the newly acquired business they bring up thataverage from 5% to 10%.  These arebusinesses that are making us better as a segment, making us better as acorporation.
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: How should we think about the [inaudible] in the businessesnow?
Edward P. Campbell: Of the four businesses let me briefly go through them.  Dage is a test inspection company that iscentered on semiconductor assembly primarily. It would move similarly to the Asymtek business and general notation inthat it is dependent upon the rate of investment in semiconductor capitalequipment but greatly fueled by new technologies and evolving trends in leadfree solders and ever small packages where there is a shift if you will in theneed for these customers to move to the new products and accelerate investmentfrom what might otherwise be in the trend line. The YEStech is one that would disproportionately sell into electronicassembly markets as compared to semiconductor markets and so it would move withspending for consumer electronics and the like and its cycle would be, if youwill, slightly off and different from that. Our PICO business on the other hand is one that sells precisiondispensing equipment and it is a seller of products that range everything fromproducers of consumable non-durable products to general industrial assembly tosome of the same markets that our other advanced technologies businesses sellinto and its one that we think [inaudible] far less [inaudible].  Then lastly, TAH Industries, a company weacquired in the fourth quarter sells plastic disposable components.  It sells into broad assembly markets.  It sells into the life science markets, itsells into aviation and construction markets as well.  It would have very different cycles thanwould these other businesses.  It would tendto flatten some of the [inaudible] that we would more generally associate withthe electronic and semiconductor market.
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: In a semi related question, the order growth in theindustrial segment was 1% if I heard you correctly in the previous 12weeks?  You mentioned in previousconference calls that you have businesses that are late cycle businesses.  Can you kind of address what your outlook isand what your thoughts are for some of the later cycle businesses is as weenter into 2008?
Edward P. Campbell: First of all, in terms of the 1% industrial coating andautomotive, as I mentioned last quarter that business has had some impact ofcapital spending with the automotive industry. That is part of that segment beginning about six months ago.  Id also mention they had a very strongcomparable  right around this same time a year ago we had a very strong groupof orders.  12 months ago their orderswere up 10%, their shipments were up 11% before currency effects and so some ofthat I think is influencing the numbers you see there.  As we shared with you our outlook for salesvolume in the first quarter, volume from our traditional businesses iscontinuing quite strong, accelerating in fact from what we had in the fourthquarter and all of 2007.  Within that weexpect to see quite good volume continuing in industrial coating andautomotive.  Im not in any waypessimistic about the kind of year theyre going to have. In terms of other back cycle businesses or the things thatpeople have been concerned about, I know for example, housing is one that hascome up in questions in prior conference calls. The portion of our business that is most directly related to those endmarkets is within the adhesive segment and that business is very strong.  Were seeing globally sales of our systems tomanufacturers of products that would find their way into the housing market upover 20% in terms of orders globally and up high single digits in the USso, we have technology that is driving very good performance right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Charlie Brady withBMO Capital Markets.
Charles Brady: Ed, can you just give us the 12  the order rate for thepast 12 weeks you said was 12%.  What isthat just on an organic basis ax out all the acquisitions.
Edward P. Campbell: That includes the acquisitions in last years numbers andthis years numbers.  Frankly, the way welook at it this year in 2008 now is theyre part of the core base ofbusinesses. Yes, theyre adding to growth rate as I mentioned the 5% in advancetech without the acquisitions 10% overall. Of course, the other businesses are completely devoid of anyacquisitions so 19% is a currency free straight core comparison for adhesivesand correspondingly the 1% has no acquisition effects there.
Charles Brady: Can you comment on the powder coat businesses?  How is that business fairing these days?
Edward P. Campbell: The powder business has pockets in this particular quarterof tremendous strength particularly in the Asian markets were we see majormanufacturing investments.  It has beenstrong throughout 2007.  It is, I willtell you right now, in the USless strong.  Our sales leadership in theUS region feelspositive about the kind of year theyre going to have based upon the indicatorsthey get from customers.  But, imbeddedin that 1% is strong in Asia, less strong in North America.
Charles Brady: On a geographic base are there any of the businesses thatare out performing significantly in one geographic area or another?  Or, the opposite of that really underperforming or softening in one geographic area or another?  You obviously mentioned the powder coatbusiness but I was wondering if you could extend that out to some of the otherbusinesses.
Edward P. Campbell: Well, I will.  Let metalk for example about Asia Pacific, for example. In Asia Pacific I mentionedon a currency neutral basis orders right now were up 44%.  Thats a tremendous number.  Our industrial coating and automotivebusiness right now is more than doubled a year ago in that part of theworld.  But, also significant in that isI had mentioned in the conference calls three and six months ago that we hadseen weakness in Asia Pacific in our advanced technologies business becausethose were areas where some of the investment had been curtailed during some ofthe typical slow down that wed seen last year. Our orders now in Asia Pacific for advanced technologies were up40%.  We see very good growth there.  I guess just to finish the three segmentsadhesive system orders in Asia Pacific are up 28%.  Asia is red hot acrossall three segments. I will answer a question that hasnt been asked but I thinkits a point worth noting.  Within theadhesive segment 19%, a question that might be asked is well, is that focusedin one geography and one line of business? The answer is not.  We have a verystrong pattern of orders right now that runs across our product assembly ournon-wovens other of the product lines that we sell out of that segment and itsdemonstrating strength not just in Asia as I mentionedbut also were seeing it in the other geographies right now.  A very strong momentum coupled with very goodcurrency as you will see as you look at the table on the earnings release.
Peter S. Hellman: I would just like to add the kind of implication Charlie youmade and also going back to Johns question. Late cycle business is somewhat being trumped by geographicelements.  If you think of Asia Pacificas capitalization or recapitalization and the fact that we have 15% of oursales in Asia Pacific with only 30% of our sales in the United  States we now are really seeing the play ofthe geographic diversification.  So, latecycle we would have to ask you where.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Matt Summerville with KeyBanc hasthe next question.
Matt Summerville KeyBanc Capital Markets: Can you give a little more granularity in terms of the coreorder activities son advance tech between Asymtek and EFD and then maybe justtalk about the other core businesses in the division and how theyreperforming.
Edward P. Campbell: Im not going to go through each one of the businesses.  We normally would not get down to that levelof detail but I have shared with folks on these calls that the center of ourweakness that we had seen earlier in calendar 2007 had been in products Asymtek branded products.  I tell youthat among the various businesses and core advance tech right now our strengthis at Asymtek.  The things that we hadexpected to see getting stronger as we came into 2008 were seeing themanifestation of that in the order book now.
Matt Summerville KeyBanc Capital Markets: Based on discussions youre having with customers insemiconductor how much visibility would you say you have into fiscal 08 at thispoint?
Edward P. Campbell: It varies to a great extent by customer.  We have some customer where we work veryclosely with them in terms of their roadmaps and they with ours.  We do have the benefit of having justreleased a brand new major product line within the Asymtek product linefamily.  We introduced that at a majorelectronics and semiconductor equipment show in Europe just a few weeks ago[Prototonica] and the introduction of that product line couple with theunderstanding of our technology roadmap, if you will, sometimes can bothproduce demand after its release and it can adversely affect demand before itsrelease among those customers that see our roadmap and understand where wereheaded. We feel optimistic about the fact that were now in aposition to begin to sell systems at higher performance and greaterproductivity for our customers.  Thatgives us the belief and the sense weve been talking about for quite some timethat we expect 2008 to be better than 2007 and correspondingly Ill continue toreiterate that we believe 2009, directionally, is going to be better than2008.  We think that the ramp that wewould hope that youre going to see and hope is the wrong word but, it is whatwe expect to see moving forward is going to continue to have legs that extendsinto 2009.
Matt Summerville KeyBanc Capital Markets: In terms of your order bookings as of late what does thattranslate into from a mix standpoint in the first quarter?  Youre talking about 20 to 25% total revenuegrowth and if you look at what you did last year in Q1 I think it was $0.46 butthat had $0.03 of inventory step so maybe the right base to think about is morelike $0.49?  Help me understand thedifferent dynamics that are playing into your EPS forecast versus revenuegrowth.
Edward P. Campbell: I dont think theres a lot of complexity that goes on withthis quarter it is just straight volume both from the continuing first two yearaffects of acquisitions but, also were talking about core volume businessesthat we had last year.  Again, this yearwithout any acquisition affects that are at levels we have not seen since Ibelieve 2006.  That simply flows rightthrough the P&L.  I dont think thereare any unusual items that would make this different.  I will comment though on the first quarterlast year we had relatively weak volume and as a result there was a greatproportion of our sales last year that were spare parts as compared to systems.  As a result the gross margins that we wouldexpect to see in the first quarter of 2008 is going to be lower the 56% rangethat I mentioned in my comments compared to last years 57.7%.
Matt Summerville KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thats exactly what I was trying to understand.
Edward P. Campbell: Its the parts versus systems but also its the mix of somenew businesses.  Some of the businessesthat weve acquired do not have the gross margin as we do in some of Nordsonshistorically strong margin businesses like our adhesive systems.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Franzreb with Sidoti & Company.
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: I was just wondering if you could kind of talk a bit aboutthe competitive landscape in the three segments what are you seeing from thecompetition today?
Edward P. Campbell: In the adhesive segment I would say nothing that is noteworthy from what weve seen historically. Nordson is blessed with historical strong market positions.  We tend to compete with a series of privatecompanies that have particular strengths in certain geographic regions.  We have a couple of global competitors.  Generally our competitors try to compete onthe basis of either low price or trying to sell competitive spare parts andthats a fair stable set of relationships.  In our industrial coating and automotivesegment I would again say there was nothing new from what we see.  Within powder the largest piece of thatbusiness we have a couple of global competitors that operate with areas ofgeographic strength that are different from ours.  We have very strong positions in portions of Europebut weakness in others.  Strong NorthAmerican positions.  Strong Asianpositions.  We are enjoying the kind ofgrowth that I mentioned in Asia as a result of thosepositions.  In the advanced technologiesmarkets obviously we have a number of diverse product lines that sell intodifferent pieces of market segments. Again, as Im just going through the list mentally I cant think ofanything that is different if you will from what weve seen in the past.
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: Can you discuss a little bit about commodity costs astheyve kind of come in  in recent months and the competitive factors?  You seemed to have at best youve held youreleading shares.  How come youre notgetting a better margin benefit?
Edward P. Campbell: Yeah.  First of allyou should remember that our margin is adversely influenced in all of thesecomparisons to 2006 because of the acquisition accounting which between theamortization of acquisition intangibles as well as the inventory affects itcost us about $0.21 per share to what would otherwise be historical costaccounting of the acquired companies and our existing companies lessinterest.
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: Right.
Edward P. Campbell: Im not sure I understand exactly what youre trying to getat?
John Franzreb -Sidoti & Company: I was just thinking about that 56 gross margin.  You have currency in your favor, it seemslike the landscape is good and you have lower raw materials costs.  I would have thought it would have been alittle bit higher.  Maybe Im missingsomething?
Edward P. Campbell: The big issue was a year ago we had a very weak quarter asyou will recall.  The relative volume ofour spare parts tends to be consistent. So, the mix in last years first quarter compared to this years firstquarter is quite different in that whats going on this year is a major driveof systems through the P&L and they would average down the spareparts.  Frankly, its a function of howour businesses are performing strongly this year compared to last year.  For example, if you compare any first quarterof Nordson to any fourth quarter youll always see a low gross margin in thefourth quarter and always a high gross margin in the first quarter because ofthat mix between systems and parts. The other issue you asked about was commodity pricing andcommodity pricing is a very small issue for Nordson and frankly the successthat weve had in resourcing many of our assemblies and component parts fromlow cost countries from relatively expensive western European and NorthAmerican centers our average cost of purchased materials has gone down ratherthan gone up more than offset commodity cost inflation.
John Franzreb: A little bit of your thoughts about paying down thedebt?  Whats your scheduling and whatare your thoughts of finishing the year end 08 at what kind of debt level?
Peter S. Hellman: Well we havent made a full year cash flow forecast so Ithink a majority of free cash flow will be used absent any potential foradditional acquisitions will go to pay down debt.  Historically our annual cash flow and Im notmaking a forecast is in order of a magnitude of $100 million and well have tosee how the year unfolds with other opportunities.  But absent those opportunities it would go topay debt which is all at a floating rate basis under a term commitment that werenegotiated during the year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Edward P. Campbell: Let me do a couple of things.  First of all let me take note of the factthat weve enjoyed the benefit of Peter Hellman on this call as we have for allof our calls for the last eight years and as weve discussed on some of thesecalls in the past and youve seen in our announcements that Peter will beretiring from Nordson at the end of the calendar year.  I just wanted to take this moment torecognize and thank Peter.  I know all ofyou on the call have had the opportunity to work with him and seen the value ofhis contribution to this organization. Hes left us with a good organization beneath and Greg Thaxton will bestepping into his shoes.  But, regardlessof the talent of the team were going to miss Peter on a professional andpersonal basis and I wanted to just thank him here to this group today. Secondly, let me thank all of you for your interesting andattention.  We look forward to continuingthese conversations as we go through the quarter.  Thanks again. Bye-bye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call.  You may now disconnect.
