===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 16:45:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q1 2025 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. We'll now take questions from the analyst community and we will begin first with our results, outlook, and forecast.
A - Spencer Wang: And our first question comes from Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert's question is, the Wall Street Journal report this week discussed Netflix's internal goal of doubling revenue and tripling operating income by 2030. How should investors think about Netflix leaning into more content spending over the next five years?
Ted Sarandos: I'll take this, and thanks, Robert. Look, we have a unique culture, and part of it is this open information operating style, and it has served us very, very well. On rare and very disappointing occasions, our confidential and internal discussions can leak into the press, and while we wouldn't normally comment about leaked internal information, we do want to be extra clear about this. We often have internal meetings and we talk about long-term aspirations, but it's important to note that this is not the same as forecast. Our operating plans is the same as our external forecast and guidance. We don't have a five-year forecast or five-year guidance, but you can assume that we are long-range thinking, and that we're working hard every day to build the most loved and valued entertainment company for all of our stakeholders.
Greg Peters: And maybe to pivot the conversation. We're happy to comment on and discuss the detail. We do have big long-term aspirations, and those aspirations are really grounded in the potential for growth that we see in the business. Now, we think we got a pretty good business today, over $40 billion in revenue. We've got over 300 million paid households. Those represent an audience of over 700 million individuals. We're leading in streaming view share. But we also think that we're a minority of our addressable market -- our potential across any of those measures. You think about engagement, we're less than 10% of TV hours from an audience or a connected households perspective. We still got hundreds of millions of folks to sign-up, and from a revenue perspective, we're about 6% of consumer spend in ad revenue in the countries we serve, in the areas that we serve. So, we believe we've got plenty of room to grow our engagement, our revenue, and our profit. And as Ted said, do that to become the most valued and loved entertainment company for all of our stakeholders.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted and Greg. Our next question, or I should say, we have received several questions actually understandably, about the economic environment and consumer sentiment as well. For example, Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer asks, this is the first time you are potentially entering a recession with a low-cost ad plan. How do you think about consumers downgrading plans relative to the behavior you've seen in prior recessions?
Greg Peters: Yes. Given that we've got a bunch of questions on sort of the general economic environment. Maybe, just start with some comments on that. We're paying close attention, clearly, to the consumer sentiment and where the broader economy is moving. But based on what we are seeing by actually operating the business right now, there's nothing really significant to note. So, what are we looking at? Primary metrics and indicators would be our retention, that's stable and strong. We haven't seen any significant changes in planned mix or planned take rate, to part of that question. Our most recent price changes have been in line with expectations. Engagement remains strong and healthy. So, things generally look stable from that lens. Stepping back, we also take some comfort in the fact that entertainment historically has been pretty resilient in tougher economic times. Netflix specifically also has been generally quite resilient, and we haven't seen any major impacts during those tougher times, albeit, of course, over a much shorter history. And then to the point of the specific question. I think that having the low-cost ads plan in our largest markets also gives us more resilience, and we think that we represent an incredible entertainment value starting at $7.99 in the U.S. and Canada, with that as planned. It's an accessible price point, and we really do expect the demand for entertainment to remain strong.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. And just to add to that, Greg, a bit, we remain focused on the things that we can control, and improving the value of Netflix is the big one. Historically, in tougher economies, home entertainment value is really important to consumer households, and Netflix is a tremendous value in absolute terms and certainly in competitive terms. So, there are some international risks that folks talk about with what's happening now, and I'd say, look, there always has been. We are -- we pay taxes and levies around the world consistent with all sorts of local regulations, and so there's always some of that that has existed, always has. But what we're seeing today, we're not changing anything in the forecast. So, got to keep in mind, that while the U.S. represents our largest spend for content and employees, production infrastructure, we produced original content in 50 countries around the world, and we're a net contributor to many of those economies and cultures. So, in our letter, we talked about our commitment to the U.K. We also recently announced $1 billion commitment to production in Mexico. In 2023, we announced we're $2.5 billion and committed to Korean content in Korea, and all of these are just examples of the global commitment. So, when we produce in these countries, we create and support employment, training. We work with local producers and local talent. We help export local stories and local cultures around the world. We even drive tourism. So, we believe we're additive to the local economies and the local cultures all around the world where we're working. So, perhaps a little bit less exposed.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. So, that sort of takes care of the question we got from Dan Salmon specifically on tariffs as well. So, I'll move us along to a question now from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Does your price increase cadence change due to the global economic uncertainty, or is that outweighed by the strength of your slate and increased time spent watching Netflix?
Greg Peters: Yes. It really links to how we think about price changes. As we stated before, we really rely on our members to let us know when we've invested enough, grown the value in our offering, and then determine based on that when we adjust pricing to be able to reinvest back into our service. So, we're going to continue to follow that philosophy and that path rather than some predetermined plan. We certainly seen periods of challenging economic conditions historically in different countries, and we've generally been able to keep that positive flywheel spinning even in those situations and I think that speaks to the gap between value and price that -- and that we are for many people, a very good value even as they're being careful about where they spend. We've also been expanding that range of price points, including the low-priced ads plan in our ads market, which better allows us to offer the right plan at the right price to a wider range of consumers. So, that's all to say that we're proceeding largely as we've done in the past, while continuing to work to improve both value and accessibility.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thanks, Greg. Our next question is from John Hodulik of UBS. How has member retention been trending, given the Q4 strong paid net additions? Have you retained the bulk of these subscribers? And can you give us a sense of how churn has been trending?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. Spencer, why don't I take that one, give Greg and Ted a break for a sec. As Greg mentioned, we're seeing strong, stable acquisition and retention trends in the business generally that resulted in healthy member growth in Q1. Last quarter, we did provide some color on the retention characteristics for some of those bigger live events in Q4. Recall, we had the Paul Tyson fight, we had NFL on Christmas Day, we also had Squid Game, which was an event in and of itself. But we did mention at the time that those three big events were still a minority, a small minority of our net adds in Q4. But we also noted that the retention characteristics for the members that came in for those big events were similar to members that joined for other big titles, and that continues to be the case. So, really no meaningful changes to our retention story, which, no news on that front is good news from our perspective.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. We have another question about our outlook and forecast from Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Given the strength in operating margins in the first half of the year, can you discuss the key incremental costs that will drive lower margins in the second half? Do you expect these costs to be more heavily weighted to the third quarter or the fourth quarter? Spence?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, I'll take it again. Okay. Thanks, Michael. So, look we are -- as you've seen in our letter and as you mentioned, we're still forecasting 29%, 29% full year margin, operating margin for the year, and we primarily manage the full year margin. As you know, our margins bounce around a bit quarter-to-quarter, that's usually based on the timing of our content slate. That's the primary driver. And that's what's reflected in our forecast. So, content expense will -- we expect will grow and ramp in Q3 and Q4 on a year-over-year basis, given the timing of our slate. We've got our biggest titles returning in the back half of the year. I'm sure Ted will talk to some of that later in the call, and also typically in Q4, we have a heavier film slate. We've also got sales and marketing expenses that will probably -- that we expect would ramp in the second half of the year both to support the slate, but also ad sales that this go-to-market operations and are hitting in our marketing and sales line, so we're continuing to build out our sales operations and capabilities and some of that is hitting there and growing in the back half. So, all of that is expected and reflected in our guidance. Other than, as I said, a little bit of a heavier slate typically on the film side in Q4, no meaningful differences between Q3 and Q4.
Ted Sarandos: The one thing maybe I'll also just add, Spencer, is we obviously beat a bit in operating income in Q1. But at this point, most of that was -- there's a little bit on the revenue side, mostly on the expense side, and it looks to us that most of that was timing of spend, but still spend that we would expect to hit in the full year. So, there's still a long ways to go in the year, a good bit of macro uncertainty out there. So, this is still our best estimate for kind of outlook for the year.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thanks, Spence. I'll move us along now to a set of questions around advertising from Dan Salmon of New Street Research. Does the current macro environment change your approach to the television upfronts? Any broad thoughts on how you're approaching upfront versus the scatter market would be great.
Greg Peters: Sure. Similar to commentary on the consumer sentiment, we're keeping a close eye on the marketplace, but we aren't currently seeing any signs of softness from our direct interactions with buyers. Actually, to the opposite, we're seeing some positive indicators from clients as we approach our upfront event. I think worth noting perhaps that the fact that we're currently relatively small in ads and that sort of ads as a revenue contributor to Netflix, but probably more importantly, the amount of ad spend that we're seeking to win relative to the big ads pie, that smallness probably provides us some insulation to market shifts right now. And we are rolling out our proprietary ad tech suite. We've rolled that out in Canada and United States. We've got our remaining 10 markets coming. That offers a bunch of new capabilities that advertisers have told us they want. So, we're just starting to sell into those new capabilities that opens up new opportunities for us, opens up new demand for us as well. So, I would say, based on everything that we're seeing right now, we continue to expect that we will roughly double our advertising revenue in 2025 through a combination of both upfronts, programmatic expansion, and scatter.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. And that's a very good segue to our next question, which comes from Vikram of Baird. Could you provide an update on your first-party ad-tech platform? How has the rollout in Canada performed relative to your expectations? And do you have any observations so far in the U.S.?
Greg Peters: Yes. It's a big milestone for us to roll out our own ad suite. We've been working on it for a while. We're still in the middle of that rollout, but our Canada and U.S. launches have gone well. They're consistent with our expectations. We're learning and improving quickly now, based on the feedback we're getting from having those live and operating them. Then we'll roll out across the remaining 10 ads markets in a few stages over the coming months. So, that's sort of all lined up and ready to go. The biggest initial benefit that we are seeing, again, as expected from being on our own ad servers, it just enables more flexibility for advertisers, more ways that they can buy. There's fewer activation hurdles. We have the ability to improve that overall buyer experience iteratively. It just makes it easier to transact with Netflix, and that, of course, drives increased sales, so we're seeing that. And then we expect over time that our first-party ad-tech platform will allow us to do other things, deliver more critical capabilities more quickly to advertisers. These are things like more programmatic availability, something we definitely hear demand for, enhanced targeting, something we're excited about. We can leverage more data sources, and of course, something we hear all the time, more measurement and reporting capabilities. So, those are all things that we've got in work. Some of those have been delivered already in some of the territories, and those will come over time. And then the other big space of benefit by being on our own ads tech stack is, it enables us to have more control to create a higher quality ad experience for our members. This is things that are really important like increasing ad relevance, which is just good for everybody in the whole ecosystem. So, just getting started, excited to get it out there. We got many years of building ahead of us, but we've got a clear roadmap. We know what we're committed to, and we'll just continually to iteratively improve and innovate in advertising, just like you've seen us do in all sorts of other areas.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. And speaking of ads relevance, Justin Patterson has a longer-term question on ads. Netflix has solved personalized content recommendations. What are the key steps to solving ad content recommendations or relevance, and which inning do you believe you're in?
Greg Peters: Not sure I would characterize this completely solved. We hope that we can be even better day to day in recommending the main titles, but we do have an ambition to achieve that same level of sophistication and maturity capability that we did on the personalized recommendations in the ad space. That means matching the right ad with the right audience, the right viewer, and the right title. And we think putting those three things together drives superior campaign outcomes for advertisers. We think it's a better experience for members. So, it's win, win, win. Where are we at in that process? I would say that we are literally just beginning to get that going. So, the first stage of that is actually being on our own ads platform. We've launched that, as I said, in Canada and the U.S. We've got the remaining markets coming over the next months to come. And in doing that during this time, we've been able to significantly already expand our targeting capabilities. So, that now includes targeting features that are based on Netflix's unique data. So, think life stage, interest, viewing mood. In the U.S., we've also recently enabled advertisers to do more significant targeting. So, this is targeting on their own onboarded audiences, targeting on Netflix's modeled audiences, targeting against audience segments that are provided by a select set of third-party vendors. So, we've got a lot of exciting work going on in that space. And then looking ahead, in 2026, we'll do more of that. More data targeting capabilities. We'll move more of that globally. So, a lot of things we do, we start in the United States and expand across more territories. You'll see that. And then of course, more measurement functionality in all markets. And then in 2027, when we get to look to specific focused investments at a higher order in data capabilities, such as ML-based optimizations, we've got advanced measurement, advanced targeting, we'll be really opening a rich space there. Another big benefit we get on our own ad stack is we'll be able to innovate and develop more quickly new ad formats. So, we'll have more spaces that we can point all of that improved targeting capability against. So, just getting started in this space, we've got a lot of work to do for sure, but we think we'll be able to move very quickly. And frankly, more quickly than other streamers because we believe we're going to be able to leverage not only pre-existing tech that we have, data that we have, but also data science expertise and the rapid product innovation experience that we've got.
Spencer Neumann: And just going via the inning analogy gives us a little more flexibility than crawl, walk, run, right? So, when you walk through all that, it's nice to have all those innings ahead of us. Nine options instead of three.
Greg Peters: That's right. Stepping up to the plate, starting to swing. That'd be where we're at.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. I'll move us along to a series of content-related questions from analysts, beginning with Rich Greenfield from Light Shed. There are four major sports properties available right now. How should we think about the strategic fit for Netflix in terms of number one, the UFC, number two, WWE premium live events, number three, F1, and number four, Major League Baseball?
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Rich. Just, I do want to remind you that our live strategy is beyond just sports. So, I'm not going to comment on any of those specific opportunities at this time. But I will steer you back to the letter to show you that our live event strategy is unchanged and we remain really focused on the big breakthrough events. Our audiences love them. And so anything we chase in the event space or the sports space is a deal that'd have to make economic sense as well. So, live is a relatively small part of our content spend. We have about 200 billion view hours. So, small relative to view hours too. But that being said, all viewing is not equal. What we have seen with live is this very outsized positives around conversation and acquisition. And we suspect retention. And we're really excited to keep building on that. We have the Taylor-Serrano fight in July. That's a rematch from when they fought the first time on the Tyson-Paul fight night. It was the most watched women's sporting event in U.S. history. So, there's a lot of excitement around that. The NFL, of course, is a great property and we're happy to have the Christmas day game. So, we opted into the second NFL game for Christmas Day. So, we'll be presenting all day football again on December 25th, 2025, really exciting. And then today our live adventures have all been primarily in the U.S. but we intend to grow the capability to do it around the world in the years ahead. So, very pleased with the progress so far and excited about the future for live sports and non-sports.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. The next question is from Matt Thornton of FBN Securities. Do you think video podcasts could perform well as a category on Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: So, we're constantly looking at all different types of content and content creators. The lines between podcast and talk shows are getting pretty blurry. We want to work with kind of great creators across all kinds of media that consumers love. And podcasts to your point have become a lot more video forward. And today we actually produce a lot of podcasts ourselves as part of our kind of publicity and publishing efforts. So, some are really show specific like Sweet Game and Diplomat. Some are genre focused, some are talent focused. We have a great one called You Can't Make This Up all about Netflix docs. And they live everywhere podcasts live today. But as the popularity of video podcasts grow, I suspect you'll see some of them find their way to Netflix.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. From Rich Greenfield again, how do you create iconic animated franchises? What does it really take to build out culturally relevant animated IP? Is the answer a different team, acquisitions, or something else entirely?
Ted Sarandos: Well, thanks, Rich. Keep in mind, in this -- we're relatively new at this and it's a completely creative process. We've had some hits and we've also had some misses so we know we have work to do. But I would point out that we've had some really nice hits with Leo, with Sea Beast, Guillermo Del Toro's Pinocchio, certainly Pierce Culture, even won the Oscar for us for best Animated Feature film. And the other thing we keep in mind about why we're excited about this space, there's a lot of demand for animated film. In 2024, nine out of the top 10 most-streamed movies were animated features. So, just like in our live action strategy, we want to make some, we want to license some. And we have more access today to license than we did when we began in-house animation. And we get to that now through output deals with Universal, Illumination and with Sony. But the animation team, Hannah and Dan, they're working really hard on a very promising slate of exclusive originals they're going to roll out through 2027, including one called In Your Dreams coming out in Q4, which is really fun, really entertaining, beautifully produced film that I think you're going to love. So, we got our work cut out for us, but it's a big prize.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. Our next question comes from Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. As you think about the competitive landscape over the next five years, should investors expect Netflix to move into short-form or creator-led content to compete head-to-head with YouTube?
Greg Peters: Sure, I'll kick this one off. I think just starting at the macro lens, we've always had very strong competitors, including YouTube, many others. We're all definitely competing hard for people's entertainment time. So, we absolutely have to earn every hour that we win. We don't take anything for granted. We don't do anything for free. We wake up every day eager to improve our service for our members and for our members-to-be. We also think in that broadest competitive lens that the biggest opportunity we've got is actually going after the roughly 80% share of TV time that neither Netflix nor YouTube have today. We think of that as a real immediate opportunity. And then when it comes to the specific head-to-head competition with YouTube or other platforms like YouTube, we believe we are a more competitive, better service for a certain class of creators and certain types of storytelling. And most importantly in that is that we lead monetization for those kinds of titles. And that means we can provide a better opportunity than YouTube or other services for those creators and those stories. And Ted, maybe you want to comment on the creator and content type expansion?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, sure. We're looking for the next generation of great creators and we're looking everywhere. So, they're not just in film schools and certainly not just in Hollywood. Creators today have tools that were unimaginable a decade ago to tell stories, to reach audience. The question that's out there is that, is it premium? Well, some of it is. And we believe we have the best monetization model on the planet for premium storytelling. I think we can help those creators reach an audience. Our model can also support more ambitious efforts for them, can help de-risk them, unlike the kind of typical UGC models. Look at people, folks like Ms. Rachel. She's been in the top 10 every week since she launched on Netflix. Kill Tony right now is killing it with our standup fans. We're working with Sidemen. We just launched Pop the Balloon. So, we think it's really exciting when you put this all together. We believe it's the best place for premium content as defined by fans and the best home for storytellers wherever they're working on honing their skills today.
Spencer Wang: Thank you. From Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley, we are starting to see some of the fear around AI and content creation subside and major directors like the Russos, Jim Cameron, et cetera, begin embracing the technology. What is Netflix doing to leverage AI for its creative partners? How meaningful can this be? And are there any examples that you can share?
Ted Sarandos: Well, Ben, there's a ton of excitement about what AI can do for content creators. I read the article too, what Jim Cameron said about making movies 50% cheaper. I remain convinced that there's an even bigger opportunity if you can make movies 10% better. So, our talent today is using AI tools to do set references or previs, VFX sequence prep, shop planning, all kinds of things today that kind of make the process better. Traditionally, only big-budget projects would have access to things like technical -- advanced visual effects such as de-aging. So, today you can use these AI-powered tools so to enable smaller budget projects to have access to big VFX on screen. A recent example I think is really exciting, Rodrigo Prieto was the DP on the Irishman just five years ago. And if you remember that movie, we were using very cutting edge, very expensive de-aging technology that still had massive limitations, still created a bunch of complexity on set for the actors. It was a giant leap forward for sure, but nowhere near what we needed for that film. So, this year, just five years later, Rodrigo is directing his first feature film for us, Pedro Paramo in Mexico. Using AI-powered tools, he was able to deliver this de-aging VFX to the screen for a fraction of what it costs on The Irishman. In fact, the entire budget of the film was about the VFX costs on The Irishman. So, same creator using new tools, new better tools to do something that would have been impossible to do just five years ago. That's incredibly exciting. So, our focus is simple, find ways for AI to improve the member and the creator experience.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. Our next question is from David Joyce of Seaport Research Partners. The question is, with so much content in your library, what can you do for discovery to help drive further engagement with the platform? Is there anything further structural you can do with the recommendation engine, or is it going to require more marketing?
Greg Peters: Yes, a fact that surprises many people is that even our most popular, most buzzy titles that you're hearing tons of conversation around, those still drive less than 1% of viewing. So, that discovery and recommendations capabilities are really critical to unlocking all the value from the investments that Bella's team is making around the world. And we believe, and we continually see this in test results quarter after quarter, that there is more room to improve that discovery and recommendation experience, and therefore provide more value for members and therefore find the biggest audiences for -- around the world for our titles. To that end, some examples of this last year, we began testing a new, simpler, more intuitive TV homepage. This is something that we hadn't made big structural changes to in over a decade. And we believe that that will significantly improve the discovery experience on Netflix. We've been polishing and improving that experience based on the input we got from members who used it. And we plan on rolling that out later this year. So, that's very exciting and a pretty significant structural shift that we anticipate will move things forward significantly. But we're doing things at the other end of the spectrum too. So, we're also building out like new capabilities. An example would be interactive search that's based on generative technologies. We expect that will improve that aspect of discovery for members. So, there's many, many specific improvements that we've got in works. So, a lot more to come in this space. And really, frankly, no foreseeable limit on those improvements in the years to come.
Spencer Wang: Great, thanks, Greg. Michael Morris from Guggenheim has our next question. It's actually about extra member accounts. How is adoption of extra member accounts trended since launch? Can you share how this offer has contributed to revenue growth to date and whether you see it as additive to future growth?
Greg PetersA -Greg Peters: We see extra member as a part of our plans and pricing model. So, it's an option that provides flexibility and choice for members. It allows them to tailor the Netflix offering to their needs. We know some members want to share Netflix with family or friends. An extra member gives them an easy way to do that. It's a lower cost way to do that as well. We see good retention and engagement on that plan, which is really important to us and says it's a sort of healthy part of the offering. But while we love it from a member convenience perspective, responding directly to the question, extra member isn't a major driver for our business, and we expect it'll remain relatively small in the foreseeable future.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg.
Spencer Neumann: I just say that to Greg's point, I agree with all that. It is, I think, part of the question. It is still growing, honestly, but it's a, so it's healthy for all those reasons, but it's just not a big driver in the business.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence, for clarifying. Justin Patterson from KeyBanc with the next question. Alain, who leads our Netflix Games business, spoke recently at the Games Developer Conference about making gaming more accessible and achieving mass market appeal. What types of games have resonated on Netflix so far, and where do you see opportunities to improve the user experience and drive even more engagement for games?
Greg Peters: Yes, we have learned quite a bit and made some decent progress since we launched games, but we continue to see this as a multi-year iterative journey much like we've seen and you've seen from us when we launch a new content category or we launch a new country and we develop product market fit and improve that over time. You asked what games have worked for us so far. You can see much of the answer to that question embedded in the genres that we're going after and focusing on right now. So, that starts with immersive narrative games based on our IP. Squid Game Unleashed is a really good example. We'll have an update for that game with the latest season of Squid Game that's coming. More recently, Thronglets, which is our Black Mirror-based Tamagotchi-style game that has a dark twist in the end, very consistent with Black Mirror. Another category that we're going after is mainstream established titles. This is Grand Theft Auto, which really worked for us, and you'll see us launch more titles like that in the future. There's also games for kids. Being able to give kids a game experience that's free of ads, it's free of any in-app purchases, safe for parents with a subscription. We just announced Peppa Pig, a Peppa Pig game, which is coming soon, so that's an example of that. And the fourth category, which I would say we don't have a lot of data points demonstrated in yet, but we're excited about, and we'll be delivering some to understand the space better is socially engaging party games. Think about this as either an evolution of the family board game or an evolution of the game show on TV that becomes interactive in your living room. So, lots of excitement there. And then you mentioned in terms of areas to improve, there's tons of areas to improve. Frankly, we can improve everything that we're doing from user experience and discovery, and getting to play, but also just in having more compelling games. So, that's a real top priority for us at this point. And maybe just a few comments with regard to how we think about investment and growth in this space. We've always said that we were in this to win. We want to invest enough to ensure that we are playing to win, but we also are coming knowing that we've got a lot to learn, and we still have a lot to learn despite all that we've learned so far. We don't want to grow our investment too much until we iteratively develop high confidence that we know how to translate that investment into member value, like the increased retention we see when members play our games. So, our investment by our scale is still relatively modest. It's a small fraction of our overall content budget. And as we continue to see incremental proof points, we'll ramp up that investment in a measured way. But we think this approach, this sort of measured growth and planned scarcity actually yields a better business in the long term. And the long-term opportunity is large. It's about $140 billion in consumer spend, ex-China, ex-Russia, not including ad revenue. We believe in our top-level strategic thesis, and we continue to learn into that executional capability to incrementally unlock that potential.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. I'm actually going to bring us back to a question on the results because we do have a late breaking question from Steve Cahill of Wells Fargo. Can you unpack the key drivers of the expected UCAN revenue growth reacceleration in Q2? Is it mainly pricing or are there other aspects like advertising or subscriber growth? Maybe, Spence, you want to take a stab at that one?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. So, you saw in our report, our UCAN revenue growth was 9% year-over-year in Q1. That was deceleration from about 15% year-over-year in Q4. Yes, the deceleration is mostly due to pricing timing. So, there's a little bit of a sequential quarter, tough comparison because we also had the benefit of the NFL games and the advertising resulting from the NFL games in Q4, which also bumped it a bit. But think of it as we plan to reaccelerate again in Q2, and it's really getting the full quarter benefit year-over-year of pricing. And then also, we are -- ads is still a much smaller part of our business than subscription, but ads continues to kind of grow through the year.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. And I will now close this out with our last question, which comes from Alan Gould of Loop Capital. His question is, you've been guiding to $8 billion of free cash flow in 2025. And one of your goals is to deliver growing free cash flow. You have historically not spent a lot on acquisitions. Should we assume most of the growing free cash flow is redeployed into share buybacks?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, thanks, Alan. So, there's no change to our capital allocation policy. It's been consistent for years now. We prioritize profitable growth by reinvesting in the business. We maintain ample liquidity. Those are key for us, our top two priorities. And then we return excess cash to shareholders through share repurchase beyond several billion dollars of minimum cash that we keep on the balance sheet. And then anything we use for select M&A. So, that's kind of a long wind-up to the answer is yes. In the absence of any meaningful MBA -- M&A, not MBA, any meaningful M&A, we would expect that our growing free cash flow will be redeployed to share repurchase.
Ted Sarandos: Excellent. Well, before we close, first, thank you all for joining us. I would like to take a moment to recognize and to thank Tim Haley. For after more than 27 years on our Board of Directors, he is elected to not stand for reelection. For all of those 27 years, Tim Haley has been on this journey with us. His counsel and leadership has been a really valued part of our success. I'd like to say a special thank you to Tim for his long service and his many contributions to the Netflix Board of Directors. And let me say also as someone who's benefited greatly from our time with Tim and has been there with him for most of those years, that through so much change and so much growth, Tim has always offered sage advice and counsel and is an important part of the history of Netflix. Tim has helped shape Netflix into the Company that it is today. So, many thanks to Tim. And thank you very much for joining us.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-21 16:45:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q4 2024 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, Vice President of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary.
Spencer Wang: We will now take questions submitted by the analyst community. And we will begin with our first question from Dan Salmon of New Street Research. Dan asks, "Given the need to ensure safety and well-being of cast and crews, has there been any disruption to your L.A-based productions owing to the wildfires? If so, can you please quantify the impact on this year's cash content spending?"
Ted Sarandos: Thanks a lot, and thanks, Dan. Let me start by saying this is a really difficult time for a lot of people in Southern California. So many people in our industry, including our employees were deeply impacted by these fires and the hardest hit areas of these fires, the areas around Pacific Palisades, Altadena, Malibu are very heavily populated with the folks above and below-the-line who we work with every single day. So, we're doing everything we can to help with relief and we're getting those folks who can back to work. To your question directly, no meaningful delays in the delivery of the projects and no meaningful impact to the cash in '25, but very meaningful disruption in people's lives. So, our goal is to keep everything on schedule safely, be mindful of folks who need time to work through the challenges of the fires, including in some cases, loss of life and home. But this industry has been through a really tough couple of years, starting with COVID, going into the strikes and now this. So, it's really important that we try not to delay anything and try to make sure that these jobs stay safe. But I definitely want to add that we are extremely grateful to the firefighters and first responders who are still fighting flames right now. These are the real heroes here. But to answer your direct question, no impact in 2025 on cash or deliverable. Nothing meaningful.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. We'll take our next question from Jason Helfstein of Oppenheimer. "Is it fair to assume that most of the upside in the 19 million subscriber additions came from the Jake Paul and the Christmas Day football games? And how was the attrition or retention, I guess, post the Christmas Day games versus normal post-holiday levels?"
Greg Peters: Yeah. Short answer to that question is no. At a high level, we've seen broad strength across content categories across all regions. We've seen it throughout the entire year. And as we've consistently seen across our history, no single title really drives the majority of our acquisition or engagement. So, even in an amazing quarter where we had three huge live events, we had an incredible fight, two NFL games, we had one of our biggest TV series ever in Squid Games Season 2, all very successful events and titles that we are thrilled about. Our estimates for subscriber adds driven by those titles combined represent a small minority of our total member acquisition in the quarter. So, it's really the whole service that's working that delivered the upside that we saw this quarter. The vast majority of our net adds were driven by our broad slate in our portfolio globally. And Ted, maybe you want to pick it up for the last half of that?
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, just, I mean, putting some color around that, we really have built the business on variety and quality across countries, across regions, across genres, and we really focus that year-round of having a very strong slate of programming for our members. So, we're thrilled that some folks came in for the fight and some folks came in for the games, but they stuck around for Squid Game and for Carry-On and for Black Doves and for Six Triple Eight and Senna and Nate Bargatze's new comedy special, all those things all performed really well in the quarter and continue to in the days and weeks after the fight and after the games. And what's really been most encouraging is that the retention behavior of those folks who did come in for those events look a lot like the folks who come in for all of our other big titles. And so, I just would add that it's great that all these big swings worked very well in the quarter, but for -- to be able to have that translate into revenue growth meaningfully, everything has to be working. The product, the pricing teams, the marketing, the advertising, all those things have got to be working well and we saw really strong execution across the board throughout the quarter and throughout the year.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted and Greg. Our next question is from Steven Cahall from Wells Fargo. And Spence, this is probably best handled by you. "The U.S. dollar has strengthened since your last results and you said that you'll tend to underperform your margin targets when the dollar is stronger. What FX volatility do you think you can successfully hedge out in 2025? And what are the best ways to estimate the impact of currency movements net of hedging?"
Spence Neumann: Sure, Spencer. I will take that one. So, roughly 60% of our revenue is in non-U.S. dollar currencies. And think of it as the way we look at it is of that amount, we try to hedge roughly 50% on a rolling forward 12-month basis. So, I want to stress that we view hedging as sort of a short- to medium-term solution at best. Our focus has always been to manage the underlying operating results of the company through natural hedges where we can plus pricing and cost structure over time. So, our hedge program is really just a price averaging program to smooth the impact of FX, reduce the volatility from big near-term FX moves and avoid short-term swings to the business so that we can invest appropriately for both the short and the long term.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. The next question comes from Brian Pitz of BMO Capital. "The advertising user base is growing quickly and your ad tech has been ramping for almost a year. What are your biggest learnings and perhaps hurdles for advertising monetization in 2025?"
Greg Peters: First and foremost, we love our ads plan because it allows us to offer a lower-price point for consumers. That's more choice, good accessibility that is proving to be popular and it means that we obviously have more people that can sign-up and enjoy the growing range of entertainment that we've got to offer. It's also the reason that we've been successful in driving that first ads priority we had in our ads goals, our most primary ads goals, which were to get to sufficient scale. So, Q4, ads plan represented over 55% of sign-ups across our ads countries. We've seen membership on those ads plan increase about 30% quarter-over-quarter. This last quarter that was on top of 35%, the quarter before, on top of significant growth the quarters before that. So, as you point out, we've seen significant growth since launch, which we're excited about. Maybe even more excited about the fact that the engagement of those ads members remains healthy. So, view hours per member on the ads plan is similar to engagement on our standard non-ads plan in our ads country, which is a really good marker that we're excited about. So, we've done the work, I would say, to meet our scale goals for advertisers in '25. And that means that increasingly, we've been able to shift more of our focus, more of our attention on making the offering better for advertisers to increase monetization of that growing inventory. This is going to remain a priority and part of our roadmap for at least the next several years, likely years to come after that, but we're making solid progress already. For example, we exceeded our ads revenue target in Q4, which was an exciting milestone to get. We doubled our ads revenue year-over-year last year. We expect to double it again this year. So that should give you a sense of the slope of monetization growth that we're on. And broadly, we think of this as we're making solid progress, there's considerable work ahead of us for sure, but we don't see specific hurdles that you mentioned in the question other than just doing the work. So, we think our path is relatively straightforward and we're confident we've got a significant runway to continue to grow that revenue.
Spencer Wang: Great. And we have a follow-up question on advertising from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. "On advertising, do you have all the tech and tools you need to significantly scale-up and move from the crawl to walk phase?"
Greg Peters: Yeah, I think you can say that 2025 is the year that we transition from crawl to walk. A big part of that is standing up our own ad stack. We launched that in Canada and that's done well. We're testing, we're learning quickly as we prepare to then roll that out in 2025 across the rest of our 12 ads countries, starting with the U.S. in April. And the biggest initial benefit we have of using our own ad server is just enabling us to offer more flexibility, more ways of buying for advertisers, fewer activation hurdles, just improving the overall buyer experience. And of course, that is meant to drive increased sales and the ease of transacting with Netflix. And we're already seeing the impact of those benefits in the revenue growth in Canada. So that's exciting and improves our optimism around it. And then, over time, the first-party ad tech platform allows us to deliver more critical capabilities to advertisers that we hear from them that they really need. So, more programmatic availability. We're talking enhanced targeting, we're leveraging more data sources, more measurement, more reporting, more incrementality studies. So, being on our own tech stack enables all those advertising features -- advertiser-facing features, but the other big benefit is it just creates a higher quality experience for our members, so it increases relevance. That's good for them, it's good for advertisers, it's good for us, it's good for everybody in the ecosystem, essentially. Just so, to reiterate, we got many years of building ahead of us. The roadmap is clear. We're committed to iterative innovation in advertising, just as you've seen us do in many other places. And as I mentioned before, while we've got tons of work, we feel the path for the next several years at least is fairly straightforward. And we're confident we can continue to grow revenue at a solid pace and earn a growing piece of that over $25 billion in CTV ad spend.
Spencer Wang: Awesome. Thanks, Greg. I'll now shift to a couple of content-related questions from analysts. The first is from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. He asks, "Ted, do the strong viewing numbers for the NFL games leave you more interested in full season sports rights for Netflix, or do you still see full season sports rights as generally unattractive for Netflix?"
Ted Sarandos: Well, let me start with the viewing of the NFL games, which for there are in-season games and they're the two most-streamed NFL games ever. The average minute audience for those games were 30 million and 31 million. It's phenomenal. And Beyonce also set a very high bar for future halftime shows, even for the Super Bowl. So, we're really thrilled with the viewing. We're thrilled with everything about it. All that being said, we are constantly trying to broaden our programming and live events is one of those things and sports is part of those live events. So, when I look at this and say, that's a really fantastic thing, but do we -- but it doesn't really change the underlying economics of full season big league sports being extremely challenging. So, if there was a path where we could actually make the economics work for both us and the league, we certainly would explore. But right now, we believe that the live events business is where we really want to be and sports is a very important part of that, but it is a part of that expansion.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. And Rich Greenfield from LightShed has a similar follow-up question. "Has the fight and WWE Raw results influenced your decision process on additional rights like the UFC?"
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. Well, look, I'm not going to comment anything specifically like the UFC, but WWE is off to a great start. Our first week, we drew about 5 million views, which is about two times the audience that Monday Night Raw was getting in linear television. Pretty consistent with how we modeled it, how we'd hope to build the audience for the league. We also saw that the non-live viewings in the day after the live event viewing grew by 25%, mostly outside of the U.S. time zones. So, this is a new viewing in the UK and Canada, Mexico, Australia, Brazil, particularly big markets. So, we're really thrilled to see how that's going so far. In the U.S., our viewing of Monday Night Raw was as big as the Monday Night Raw viewing has been in five years. So we're super thrilled with how that's going and how that's coming out. Again, just not to be overly repetitive, but we're not -- we're going to be mindful of the bottom-line and it's really important that those economics do work and that the big league sports, full league -- full season economics are very hard to make work. And so, right, for us, we want to be able to bring value to the sport like we have to date with WWE, certainly, but like we have with the NFL too, where we were basically able to bring a big audience, a young audience, a more global audience than linear television, but that has to be reflected in the deal as well.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. And that's a good segue to our last question on sports. To round it out from Vikram of Baird, "Could you elaborate on the decision to acquire rights to the FIFA Women's World Cup in 2027 and 2031? What were the features of the event that made it attractive? And how does this fit into your broader strategy for live sports?"
Ted Sarandos: I think it fits perfectly into the strategy. Women's World Cup is a real TV event. It's totally consistent with what we're trying to do here. These matches set a bunch of viewing records in 2023, and women's sports have only become more interesting and more popular since. It's a month-long event filled with drama played by some of the greatest athletes in the world. We're thrilled to be the home for those games in -- starting in 2027, and we're thrilled to have the time to start telling the stories of these teams and these athletes like we've done so well with other sports, with our series and our documentaries.
Spencer Wang: Great. Another question from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. "Did Carry-On prove that movies can break through without a theatrical release? In less than two months Carry-On was well reviewed and has racked up 313 million view hours. And the film generated significant buzz across social media and is set to surpass Bird Box viewership. Was there an unusually high level of marketing spend for this film, or did the buzz build organically on Netflix?"
Ted Sarandos: This was a great example, I think, of a movie born on Netflix that can generate an enormous audience and tons of buzz. The movie -- in fact, one of the producers called me over the break to tell me that this is exactly what it feels like when I have a big movie in the theaters, which was a great thing to hear. And we even got injected into the debate the age-old is Die Hard, a Christmas movie debate. And is Carry-On the new Die Hard, which is we're definitely in the zeitgeist in the culture, drawing a big audience for a movie that premiered on Netflix and had a very modest marketing spend like we typically do. And I think it actually draws a lot of attention to the -- how powerful the platform is to promote to our own members, how Netflix can talk to our members where they are, which is on Netflix, to tell them about a great new movie they're going to love. And the -- and then we have our social channels with over 1 billion subscribers that actually keep that conversation going. So, I think it's a really strong proof point that a movie born on Netflix can be a big hit and be the center of culture as well.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted. And for the record, I do think both Die Hard and Carry-On are Christmas movies.
Ted Sarandos: To be continued.
Spencer Wang: And I think that's a great segue to Doug Anmuth's question from JPMorgan. "Ted, does the agreement to debut Narnia in the theater in 2026 suggest any shift in your overall theatrical strategy?"
Ted Sarandos: No change at all to our theatrical strategy. Our core strategy is to give our members exclusive first run movies on Netflix. The Narnia IMAX release is a release tactic. We routinely release movies in theaters before -- a couple of weeks before to qualify for awards, to meet festival requirements, and to prime the publicity pump a bit. In the case of Narnia, it's a two-week special event. I think it's very differentiated from other runs because I doubt anyone has a screen as big as an IMAX screen at home. So, it is kind of a differentiated consumer experience. But we've done variants of these releases many times, and doing it with IMAX kind of greatly simplifies our release process as well. But mostly I want to say, I'm incredibly excited to be working with Greta on this movie. We're super excited to get it into production so we can talk about how great this movie is more so than which screens it's on. She's an incredible director and this is a really exciting project.
Spencer Wang: Great. Our next question comes from Vikram from Baird, and it's about plans and pricing. "How do you plan to approach the cadence and magnitude of price increases going forward, particularly in your largest markets? What are the signals that inform those decisions across the different regions and plans?"
Greg Peters: I can take this one. Our pricing philosophy hasn't changed. It's pretty much the same as we've talked about for the last several years. Of course, we look to continually provide more value to our members seeking to wisely invest to increase the variety and quality of our entertainment offering. And then, we listen to those members. We listen for signals like engagement, retention, acquisition, there's more secondary signals as well, all to tell us when we've achieved that increase in value. And when we've done that then we ask them to pay a bit more to keep that virtuous cycle going. You've seen us take up price across a number of markets in EMEA and APAC and LatAm over the last couple of quarters across most plans and including ads too. And those changes have gone smoothly. You can see those in our results. We certainly expect the same for these latest changes. And I think it's worth noting and reiterating that we believe that our starting price $7.99 in the U.S., [C$17.99] (ph) in Canada for standard with ads is an incredible entertainment value and it's a highly accessible entry point. So, ultimately, we feel really good about our long-term monetization opportunity. We earn right now only 6% of the revenue opportunity in the countries and segments that we currently serve. And as long as we continue to deliver on improving the variety, the quality of our TV and film slate, we gradually expand the offering with newer content types, we'll believe we'll be able to increase that share progressively every year.
Ted Sarandos: If I could just chime in on you, Greg, I just, when you're going to ask for a price increase, you better make sure you have the goods and the engagement to back it up. And I feel like what we have going into 2025 is just that. We have the returning seasons of our biggest shows ever Wednesday, Stranger Things and Squid Game, Night Agent, Ryan Murphy's Monster, You, Alice in Borderland from Japan, Delhi Crime from India, a new season of Drive to Survive. And on the film side, we've got new movies from Oscar winners like Guillermo del Toro, Kathryn Bigelow, Noah Baumbach, the Russo Brothers' new film, Happy Gilmore 2, a new Knives Out film. And live, obviously, we've got the SAG Awards next month, Christmas Day Football, Monday Night Raw every Monday night. And a few surprises there, too. So, I definitely feel like the strength of slate has never been better.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'm going to now turn to a few questions on engagement. So, our first one comes from Peter Supino of Wolfe Research. "Engagement is stable in -- based on data from third-party panels. Is engagement growth a strategic priority for Netflix?"
Ted Sarandos: Absolutely. And I think we look at this and say, what we're trying to do is, entertain the world and you'd measure that and how are people pushing play and sticking around for the things that they love. And Bela and her team are really kind of programming into those moments of breadth and of quality of trying to meet people where they are finding the -- something for everybody and something for every mood, in every language, in every part of the world. It's tough work and that they have cut out for them. But they're doing the job of winning over those moments every night and getting people who spend right now at about 200 billion of hours of programming -- of streaming last year, our average member is watching for about two hours a day. So, we've still got plenty of work to do to do to grow that. And that's what the team is very highly focused on.
Spence Neumann: Yeah, just...
Greg Peters: Yeah. Not just...
Spence Neumann: Go ahead, Greg.
Greg Peters: Sorry, I'll do so. And not surprisingly, I would say we consistently see that engagement -- improvements, engagement are correlated with the other key business drivers that we have. So, it obviously drives retention, acquisition, et cetera. And so, we're excited that we've seen continuing growth in engagement and look forward to more of that. Spence?
Spence Neumann: Well, you hit it. It's it all start -- we talk about it a lot, the flywheel starts with engagement. It's engagement, revenue, profit, and it drives the flywheel. And the rest of the numbers here are points you hit on I think other than maybe one other is just kind of note that as a reminder, in the letter we talked about the fact that we will now going forward twice a year on the same day as earnings release our engagement report starting with our Q2. So, in July, our earnings report will also include our engagement report, just to emphasize a kind of a steady drumbeat with earnings and with our performance.
Ted Sarandos: And to get a little more granular even sooner, our next engagement report is going to publish in February, so it's next month.
Spence Neumann: Yeah, good point.
Spencer Wang: Great. And then, our second question on engagement is a little bit broader. It's from Justin Patterson of KeyBanc. "What are the key steps to competing more with short-form video platforms for engagement?"
Ted Sarandos: Well, look, our goal here is to entertain all audiences, including younger audiences who may be watching disproportionately more short-form content. Now, the beauty is that those folks all love film and TV shows as well. So, we're constantly entertaining them with projects that get them so excited that they push play, they stick around, they go on their social media accounts and talk about the shows. They do tributes to the shows. You see how many -- when do you see the new season. When Wednesday comes out, you're going to see all the social media platforms get flooded with tributes to this work. Our core is in kind of professional longer-form storytelling and that's a very big and enduring business. But again, as things get pulled -- as eyeballs get pulled into other places, we definitely want to do -- be there for them as well. I do find that the short-form services also are a great breeding ground for new storytellers. So, you see we're super excited to bring Ms. Rachel over onto Netflix. Parents are excited about that too. But we also have got a rich history of finding projects in other places and having them up the game and be very successful on Netflix. Things like Cobra Kai and CoComelon and Somebody Feed Phil, which is now shooting its eighth season. So, I feel like there's -- the work we have to do there is to win over audiences with programming that they love. If it's Heartstopper or Stranger Things or Ginny & Georgia, Alita, Outer Banks, that's what we have to do. We have to outcompete for those moments of entertainment truth.
Greg Peters: I think consistent with that, and just expanding on it, I think we see ourselves as playing a specific and differentiated role in the ecosystem. So, whether it's being a place where those great storytellers that Ted mentioned can graduate to from -- whether it's from places like YouTube or the theater or any other place that they come from. We know that consumers want a spot to enjoy great movies and TV shows to have a user interface and user experience which designed specifically around that. We know that our creative partners need someone that can participate in investing in those to share the risk that's inherent in bringing those stories to life. So, we want to double down on supporting that part of the ecosystem and we want to make sure that shows like Stranger Things or Wednesday or Heartstopper, Outer Banks, which have huge viewing and fandom, especially with those younger audiences, continue to have a place to be found, loved and enjoyed.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you. Our next question comes from Alan Gould of Loop Capital. "How do you assess your progress in the video game space? How have the engagement trends been? When do you anticipate video games will have an impact on subscriber growth or retention?"
Greg Peters: Okay, so a lot there. I'd say, we've learned quite a bit and made some good early progress since we've launched games. We've, of course, launched a bunch of games, with some highlights amongst them, the critically acclaimed OXENFREE II stands out. Certainly Grand Theft Auto where we drove tens of millions of downloads. We've got fan favorites based on Netflix IP, things like Too Hot to Handle, Emily in Paris, Selling Sunset, and to our latest big release Squid Game: Unleashed, which we really think validates our Netflix game formula, which is enabling this virtuous cycle between linear content and simultaneous game offerings. And we are just scratching the surface today in terms of what we can ultimately do in that space. But we already see how this approach not only extends the audience's engagement with the universe and a story, but also creates a synergy that reinforces both mediums, the interactive and the non-interactive side. So, based on all of those learnings, and under the leadership of Alain Tascan, we continue to refine our strategy. And we're going to be focusing on more narrative games based on Netflix IP. These are consistent fan favorites, and we've got a lot in the library to work with there. We'll also be introducing party and couch co-op games on the TV delivered from the cloud. We think of this as a successor to family board game night or an evolution of what the game show on TV used to be. So, we're excited about delivering some cool experiences in that space. We'll deliver games for kids. This is no ads, no in-app payments. It's a safe space for kids, just included with your subscription. And of course, we want to do more recognizable mainstream titles, whether that is licensed titles like GTA, and we're going to have more of those big licensed business titles to come that we're looking forward to, as well as homegrown titles based on our IP like Squid Game: Unleashed, which I'll just reiterate, Squid Game: Unleashed reached #1 in action games in the app stores in 107 countries. It's on pace to become our most downloaded game. And so, to your question about impacts on the subscriber side, we already see positive impacts in acquisition and retention from our game playing members. Now, those effects are relatively small currently, but frankly so is our investment in games relative to our overall content budget. And we're going to stay disciplined about scaling that investment as we see continued scaling and member benefits. So, to try and summarize, there's plenty more to do in this space, but we're breaking into a whole new content category, which by the way, drives approximately 140 billion in consumer spend ex-China, ex-Russia, and not even including the ad revenue. So, we're iteratively showing our members that we are a place to discover and play games and we look forward to continuing to launch bigger and bigger games every year.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. We have a couple late breaking questions on the forecast that analysts have submitted, so I'll wrap up with two of those questions. This comes from Jason Helfstein of Oppenheimer. "You spent roughly $17 billion on cash content spending in 2024 and will spend about $18 billion in 2025. How should investors think about long-term spending levels? Is there a point where you reach an equilibrium where you don't need to increase spend beyond inflation?"
Spence Neumann: You want me to take that?
Spencer Wang: Sure.
Spence Neumann: Sure, I'll take that one. I think we're a long way from equilibrium, as you say. We're taking up our cash content spend this year estimated from $17 billion to $18 billion. That's in the context of we're small in terms of view share and penetration everywhere around the world. We're less than 50% penetrated into connected households. You heard from Greg that we're only capturing about 6% of our estimated revenue market. So, we have a long way to grow. It's really about where do we put the next billion dollars and then beyond that to work in the most impactful way over the next year or so. You'll see that in areas like continuing to build into big scripted TV series. As you heard from Ted, we're continuing to build out live, we're continuing to build out our original programming in each of our regions around the world, and also seeing more and more kind of impactful licensing opportunities. And I think we kind of grow from there. So, the opportunity there's a long runway to continue to grow. We do it in a disciplined way, right? So, we kind of set our growth based on our top-line growth and our margin targets and then we kind of allocate as we can across the business for highest impact. And I think you've seen us do that in a responsible way where our cash spend and our content cash amortization, it's sort of 1.1 ratio roughly, plus or minus between our content amort which runs through the P&L and the cash spend which runs through cash flow. And both are growing slower than our revenue growth. So, I think you should see us continuing to grow in that way for the foreseeable future as we continue to grow more and more engagement and please more and more hopefully growing audience around the world.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. And our last question comes from John Blackledge of TD Cowen. "Can you please talk about the drivers of raising your 2025 operating margin guidance? What are the biggest points of leveraged driving higher margins this year?" Spence, you want to take that?
Spence Neumann: Yeah, sure. So, we're always kind of looking to balance our revenue growth with strategic investment into the business. And we think we've balanced that well this year. You see we guided to 12% to 14% top-line revenue growth. If you kind of do the read through in terms of based on our margin guidance, what that we would expect in terms of our implied expense growth, you can see it's sort of high single digit, 9% plus or minus expense growth expected for 2025. And if you break that down, we're expecting sort of high single digit, roughly, content amortization growth. So, still below revenue growth. So, some margin there. And that's based on again that $18 billion of plus or minus expected content cash spend. And the amort moves around a bit based on the timing of titles and releases, but high single digit is a pretty good estimate. And then, we're investing into our growth priorities. We're pretty heavily investing into our product and engineering teams to build out ads and live and games capabilities and also our new user interface to enhance our product discovery. We're also investing in the marketing and sales line, mostly on the sales side as we build out our ad sales organization and go to market capabilities. And beyond that, our support areas are kind of growing sort of mid low-single-digits. So, across the board, for the most part, we're driving margin improvement in a way that we think is appropriate for the business while investing into our growth.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Spence. And thank you all for joining us for our Q4 earnings call. And we look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thanks very much.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 16:45:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2024 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. We will now take questions submitted by the analyst community, and we'll begin with questions about our Q4 results and our outlook.
A - Spencer Wang: The first question comes from Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs. Can you please frame your key investment priorities for 2025 and beyond? And how have they evolved in the past 12 to 18 months?
Ted Sarandos: Thanks a lot, Spencer. Let's start with looking into 2025. We're feeling really good about the business. We had a plan to reaccelerate growth and we delivered on that plan. You can see that in our 2024 financials. We expect to deliver 15% revenue growth and six percentage points of operating margin improvement and engagement, which we view as our best proxy for member happiness because when people watch more, they stick around longer. So that's retention. They talk more about Netflix, which drives acquisition. And they place a higher value on their Netflix subscription. This year, we've maintained very healthy engagement, about two hours of viewing per member per day, and engagement on a per owner household is up to the first three quarters of 2024. So if you look at where we're sitting now, we finished Q3 with some big hits: Perfect Couple, Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story, Nobody Wants This. And we're really excited about our Q4 slate because it's filled with great big titles from the U.S., from Brazil, from Korea, from the U.K., from Germany. And we also have got some really amazing live events coming up. So when we look forward into 2025 and beyond, we want to build on that success. We plan to build on that success. And we've been making original programming now for more than a decade. And the core has become very strong. We have a team of people who are the best creative talent around the world. We have a culture and an operating model that allows us to create stories in more than 50 countries and thrill audiences of more than 600 million people all over the world. So our 2025 slate, I look at that as another ambitious step towards this push to make us even greater for our members. So it really showcases the scale and the ambition and reflects the investment that we've made and the steady cadence of programming. So looking into 2025, you've got new seasons of our biggest shows: Wednesday, Squid Games, Stranger Things, on top of new shows from Shonda Rhimes and Ryan Murphy, a new Knives Out film from Rian Johnson, Guillermo del Toro's, Frankenstein, even the return of Happy Gilmore. So we could not be more excited about where we sit right now and where we're heading.
Greg Peters: Just jumping on that, we've always been focused on trying to constantly improve every aspect of our service. It served us quite well for the last 1.5 decades. We hope and expect it will serve us well for decades to come. And then the question I may mention priorities, too. And our top priority is really bringing that mindset to improving our core film and series offering. I think just to double down on what Ted was saying, we've seen really good progress on that front and on our plan. One of the things that I like the most is increasingly seeing a steady drumbeat of hit titles from countries around the world. Ted mentioned a bunch, but you've got Japan, you've got Korea, you've got Thailand, you got India. This represents, again, that decade-plus investment in those creative communities, working with local storytellers there and making sure that they have the capability to tell their stories in a compelling way. So that's super exciting and we expect to see more of that. Also improving the product experience. We tested a new more intuitive version of our TV homepage. We're excited about the progress that we've seen there, so we're polishing it up and we're excited to bring that to our subscribers around the world. Our second set of priorities are about planting seeds, these investments and new initiatives that help us expand and strengthen our entertainment offering and that we believe will be incremental levers for growth in the coming years. We've got initiatives like games. We're excited about games based on Netflix IPs. We got a Squid Game game coming. We've got a Virgin River Christmas. We've got The Ultimatum. We've got games based on storied game classics like Monument Valley 3 that's coming out. We're also expanding into live. We've got the Tyson-Paul fight NFL in December. We got 52 weeks of WWE coming in January. John Mulaney and more and more. And then we're also growing advertising as the principal goal here is the more effective way to give members and members to be a lower-priced plan to access all of that great entertainment. I think it's worth noting, it takes time to build these new initiatives to the point where they're significant, given that we already have a fairly large core business. And ads is a great example of how we approach growing these seeds. It takes a lot of work but we know the path, and we're hustling to move down that path as quickly as possible. And you can sort of see some of the benefits that we're getting. We're roughly doubling revenue each year but it's off a small base. So it starts to become a material contributor of revenue over the next several years. But if you step back and you think about this opportunity ahead of us, over $600 billion in consumer spend in the areas and countries that we operate. We're only capturing roughly 6% to 7% of that today. That's a tremendous upside if we can just stay focused on that continuous improvement and drive to that future.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted and Greg. Our next question on our outlook comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. At a high level, when we think about the Netflix revenue growth algorithm, can you please provide some color on the pieces moving forward between organic membership growth, ARM increases and advertising? Spence, maybe you can take that one?
Spencer Neumann: Sure. I'll try that on, Jessica. So really, those investment priorities and that focus that Greg and Ted just talked about really are the engine that kind of drives that growth equation. But if you look at our 2025 guide as a proxy for that evolving mix or components of our growth over time, I'll walk through that a bit as an indicator. So we expect to deliver roughly $43 billion to $44 billion of revenue next year based on FX rates at the end of Q3. That represents about $4 billion to $5 billion of incremental revenue over our kind of 2024 expected landing where think of it as about 11% to 13% growth. And that's from a combination of membership and ARM growth. The majority of growth next year, we expect to be a membership-driven growth from the full year impact of this year's strong net adds plus solid pay net adds expected next year. We still have hundreds of millions of households that aren't members, and we'll grow into that opportunity, thanks to a great '25 slate and our improvements in converting consumer demand. And we will have ARM growth. ARM's a combination of continued plan evolution and pricing, building off the actions we've been taking this year and growing our ads revenue, as Greg just talked about, not yet a primary growth driver but to be a more meaningful contributor in '25. So overall, healthy double-digit revenue growth, more balanced across multiple drivers and strong outlook.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. Building on that question from Justin Patterson at KeyBanc, given what appears to be a moderating competitive environment, how are you thinking about the puts and takes around operating margins going forward?
Spencer Neumann: Sure, I'll take it again. So as we said in the letter, we see plenty of room to increase our margins over the long term. And we feel great about what we're delivering in '24. We expect to be up six percentage points, as Ted mentioned, and our approach to margin is unchanged. We believe we built a stronger and more lasting business by gradually increasing margins as we grow. We set margin targets, and we do that by investing to improve our service while making trade-offs and prioritizing like growing our costs slower than revenue and operating like owners. The amount of margin growth each year, it will bounce around a bit based on the strategic opportunities in a given year, FX moves, and things like that, but we'll aim to increase each year. And what you see in our '25 guide is consistent with that approach. So coming off such a big year of margin expansion in '24, which exceeded our target, we want to be sure we're actively investing to deliver more value to our members and strengthen and grow our business. So the things you just heard about from Greg and Ted, further investing in our core film and TV offering, improving product discovery, expanding into new areas like live and ads and games. So we think this strikes the right balance for our '25 kind of planning with lots of room to grow profit margin and absolute margin dollars for many, many years to come.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. We have a specific question on our Q4 results that I think is worth touching on from John Blackledge of TD Cowen. Perhaps Spence and Ted, you could tag team on this one. Could you please discuss the dynamics that drove the slight LatAm member net loss in Q3 and provide further color on drivers of the pickup in LatAm early in Q4?
Spencer Neumann: Sure, Ted. I can start off if you like
Ted Sarandos: Yes, sure.
Spencer Neumann: Okay. Overall, the underlying business trends in LatAm are healthy. Q3 revenue, which is our primary kind of north star for top line growth, was up 9% year-over-year. Year-to-date, it's up 10% on a reported basis. That's in line with our 2023 growth of 9% and we've got much more significant currency headwinds in '24 relative to '23. So actually, growth at the local level is much accelerated in '24 relative to a year ago. On Q3 membership specifically, the slight decrease you saw was primarily due to some recent price changes in some of our bigger LatAm markets, which always dampens near-term member growth. But the good news is we're already seeing a nice rebound so far in Q4. LatAm memberships are growing nicely in the fourth quarter, early in the fourth quarter. And fun fact, if the quarter lasted one more day, net adds would have been up instead of down so overall, we feel good. And maybe, I don't know, Ted, if you want to speak to it a bit more.
Ted Sarandos: No, I'd just say we obviously don't time those things for quarter ends. The thing that's really, really excited about in Q4 in Latin America is this incredible slate upcoming. They've got Senna from Brazil, which is going to be - we think it's going to be a large hit around the world, but most importantly, loved in Brazil. A Hundred Years of Solitude from Colombia. Rodrigo Prieto is making his directorial debut on a new film for us in Mexico called Pedro Pramo, which is an epic book in Mexico that's being adapted. So we're really thrilled with the creative output in Latin America. And as Spence alluded to here, we're also thrilled with the underlying business climate too.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'll now move us on to a series of questions about advertising, and we'll begin with a question from Steve Cahall of Wells Fargo. Can you please discuss the levers that will move advertising to a more - to a primary contributor to growth after 2025? How is ad tier engagement tracking versus ad-free? What kind of CPMs are you attaining in the U.S. market? And how should we think about improvements in terms of your ability to monetize your advertising inventory?
Greg Peters: Okay, there's a lot there. We'll see if we can't take them all on. I would say the most important part is we've been carrying two top-level priorities when we think about our ads business. Priority number one was we have to grow our ad tier membership so that we can get to sufficient scale, to be relevant in each market for advertisers. And the big priority number two was we have to improve our capabilities and attractiveness to advertisers and therefore, the monetization of all that inventory. So on that first one, we've made some really solid progress. Q3, we mentioned in the letter, ads plan accounted for over 50% of sign-ups in our ads countries. That's a leading indicator about how you think about sort of ads membership there. Our ads plan membership base was up 35% quarter-over-quarter. That's over probably four quarters of really significant growth as well so that's growing nicely. As we said last quarter, we expect to be at critical scale as our advertising partners tell us they need us to be in each of our 12 ads countries in 2025. An engagement that was mentioned, that remains healthy. Our ads plan members are watching similar amount of view hours and similar titles, too, which is probably interesting to note relative to comparable non-ads plan members. So this was our top area of improvement. I'm incredibly proud of the significant progress that our teams have been able to deliver on that front. And because they've been able to do that, that allows us to turn more attention to our second priority, and that's effectively monetizing all that growing inventory. I think it's worth noting we've got a lot of work still ahead of us to achieve that goal, to make our offering better for advertisers. It's going to be a priority for us for several years coming but we're moving. Our first-party ad server, which is a key component of unlocking value in the space, that's on track to launch in Canada this quarter, and then the rest of our ad markets in 2025. We've got our partnerships with Trade Desk and Google Live and those are going well. We've got a road map for more formats, for more features, for more measurement, that's all coming. So while we've got lots of work to do, we are very confident in our ability to execute and grow our ad business much like we did with the paid sharing initiative.
Ted Sarandos: Thank you. Could I just follow up on Greg for a second? Obviously, the teams are making great progress. We have a ton of work to do. And it's seemingly new to us, but what's great about it really is that it calls on all of our deepest skill sets, both technologically and creatively. It depends heavily on thrilling engagement, which is true for both of our subscription business and our ad business. So what advertisers want to do is they want to be close to the stories that people are watching, the stories that people are talking about, the events that people are gathering to be part of. That's all part of the exact same equation. So when we have a Nobody Wants This or a Perfect Couple, that fandom, that buzz, that's what advertisers want to be close to, and that's why I'm excited about what we're doing here.
Greg Peters: Yes, and I think that's right. And stepping back and sort of just putting that into broader context, our goal over the next five or 10-years is to combine the best of digital advertising. So this is all the things that we know from that targeting, personalization relevance with the best of TV advertising. So this is an elevated creative format. We've got highly engaged viewers and positioned against those culture-defining shows and films that Ted mentioned. And so that's really the north star. We see ads revenue growth on a good trajectory. We've got healthy CPMs at the high end of that premium CTV ad market. That's where we want to be positioned. And while ads won't be a primary driver of revenue in 2025, because we're still scaling that audience and that inventory faster than our ability to monetize it, we definitely see already the momentum growth in the monetization and our opportunity to close that gap. So for 2025, we expect that ads revenue will roughly double year-over-year, albeit off a small base, but just as a confidence point in that, this year's U.S. upfront, we're seeing 150% - over 150% increase in our ads sales commitments. So I think it's also worth noting that like ads against premium video, it's a proven model. So if we take the potential size of that opportunity, the growth trajectories that we are seeing, that's what makes us so excited about ads being able to be one of those growing levers to support our sustaining healthy revenue and profit growth in the years to come.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Ted and Greg. We do have some questions about ad tech probably in two parts. First, from Justin Patterson at KeyBanc. What are your initial learnings from your partnerships with The Trade Desk and DV360? And secondly, from Rich Greenfield. Netflix has decided to use Trade Desk to build demand. But longer term, how important do you see partnerships like Trade Desk versus building your own walled garden?
Greg Peters: A couple of parts there, so I'd say these partnerships are going well. We're live both with one-to-one private marketplaces in UCAN and LatAm. We've got some always-on agency deals in the U.S. and Australia. We're going to be adding more programmatic capabilities, next month in UCAN and LatAm. And just sort of building from there. So that sort of gives you a sense of the roadmap. What have we learned? I'd say, not surprisingly, that more demand creates positive pressure on CPMs. More channels mean it's easier for more clients to buy. So we're learning, I think, what you'd expect to learn. As we mentioned previously, just this last question, we're seeing a solid trajectory on ads revenue growth, and this is going to be part of how we build that trajectory over time. But it's going to take us a while to catch up to that significant inventory expansion, we've been able to drive. But I really see that as growth potential that we're building in, right. So, we're going to progressively work our way into that inventory, and effective monetization of that inventory over the next several years. And the good news is like, we've got a long roadmap of things that we know, will make our ads more valuable. So, we're excited about that. As to Rich's walled garden question, I would say we've learned, not to be too rigid in our position. So, we're going to always evaluate and we'll evolve based on, how our business is evolving and frankly, how the ecosystem is evolving around us. But we believe these partnerships are very positive for us.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. I will move us on now to a few questions, on content and engagement from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. And this is for Ted. How did last year's Hollywood strikes impact your 2024 slate, and ultimately engagement and retention? And did it disproportionately impact UCAN, given a shutdown production here in the states? At what point, if not already, will you be back to a more normalized slate with no lingering effects of the strikes?
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Ben. Look, our aim here, is to always have a very steady drumbeat of great new TV shows, and films, and games for our members to watch throughout the year. So a drumbeat so steady that, when you're watching the last episode of whatever you're watching, you start expecting the next thing to be great, too. So however, in the first half of this year, our lineup was much lumpier than we liked, and it was, and that was primarily, because of the work stoppage. It did hit UCAN the hardest, but there were some effects of that felt in production, around the world. We're moving closer and closer, to a more normalized output schedule now, series a little more on track than film, but neither fully-fully recovered. We've had returning favorites like Bridgerton that managed to get into the first half of the year, but many of our other high profile returning hits like Cobra Kai, Emily in Paris, Outer Banks. And even our new shows like Perfect Couple and Nobody Wants This, were scheduled for much earlier in the year, and got in kind of a late in Q3. And that delay was again, because of the strike and its impact on the UCAN slate. By the end of the Q3, a lot more normalized as you see, Perfect Couple, Monsters. Nobody Wants This accident that, nice steady drumbeat that we keep, we're trying to hit on all the time. Our film slate obviously was impacted as well, and it's getting back to normal. We also had a change in the leadership there, which changed the cadence of release a bit. We have a really strong Q4 lineup, coming up with Carry-On, Piano Lesson, Spellbound, Six Triple Eight, Emilia Prez, and things are getting much steadier. In 2025, we're largely back to normal, I mentioned earlier. But a new Knives Out film, Guillermo del Toro's Frankenstein, Happy Gilmore 2, a new film from the Russo Brothers with Millie Bobby Brown, Electric State, I mean, a lot of - and plenty more on top of that, but largely back to normal starting in '25.
Spencer Wang: Awesome. Thank you, Ted. The next question comes from John Hodulik of UBS. The Nielsen gauge indicates that U.S. engagement for Netflix, has been stable recently that's his nice way of saying flat I think. With page sharing now in the run rate, when can U.S. engagement begin to grow again? Do you see expansion into live programming as a major driver?
Ted Sarandos: Well, look total hours up roughly 1% in the first half of the year, compared to the same period last year. Engagement is super healthy, I mentioned earlier two hours per day, per member and then owner household engagement, which is much more of an apples-to-apples comparison of pre-account sharing is up, and we're very happy with that. The contribution from live, you have to think about it this way. We have about 200 billion hour every year on Netflix. Very few of them are actually live, but they all promise to be extremely high value. So the excitement of the Tyson Paul fight, which is growing every day and certainly Christmas Day NFL football, is going to be a blast all day on Netflix. So we're really excited that we're going to be capturing, even more of the excitement that comes when the whole world gets together to watch something, and that's really fun part of live. The contributor to growing engagement is going to be across the board on our scripted and unscripted or documentary programming, all the kind of things that people love, including now the addition of some live hours. Greg mentioned earlier, but weekly live with WWE and the new John Mulaney show upcoming, but then at a steady cadence of exciting events more and more upcoming. But pretty hard to swamp the on-demand hours, which I said are over 200 billion. But thankfully, all hours are not created equal.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. From Rich Greenfield. We have the perennial question on theatrical, which is, is it possible for films to pierce the cultural zeitgeist without a theatrical release? So over to you, Ted.
Ted Sarandos: Thanks again for that question again, Rich. Hi look guys, I'm just going to reiterate. We are in the subscription entertainment business, and you can see in our results it's a pretty good business, and it appeals to a very large segment of consumers and fans. Our top 10 films that premiere on Netflix, all have over 100 million views, among the most watched films in the world. It's our desire to kind of keep adding value to our consumers, for their subscription dollar. We believe that not making them wait for months, to watch the movie that everyone's talking about, adds that value. So what we do for filmmakers, is we bring them the biggest audience in the world for their films, and then we help them make the best films of their life. That could be any one of the nine best picture nominee films that we've released so far, or it could be any of those top 10 films that are as big as $1 billion box office movies. So I'm sure that we can continue to pierce the zeitgeist, and have those moments in the culture, even when those moments begin on Netflix.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. Last question on content from Alan Gould of Loop Capital, which is - are you planning to change the talent compensation structure to pay less upfront, and more on the backend based on success?
Ted Sarandos: Thank you for that. Look, we like our model, and talent likes our model. It's so much more impactful for our business if we can make our films, our shows, just a little bit better, so much more impactful than making them a little bit cheaper. Bela said this very clearly a couple of weeks ago, to all the talent agencies. We're not changing our compensation structure. Paying upfront, something that Netflix actually pioneered benefits creators, and it benefits Netflix. So for creators, Netflix takes all the financial risks so that they can focus on making the best possible version of what they're working on. And for Netflix, that model enables us to attract the best talent in the world. Now, with all that said, we have been and we continue to be, and we are open to more bespoke deals where talent is interested. Now, they rarely happen, because typically the talent chooses the upfront model. So we think that we have - the right model, and we are not looking to change it.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. I'll now move us along to the next topic, which is around pricing and plans. This one comes from Rich Greenfield of LightShed. And the question is, what is holding you back from raising price into one of the strongest content periods in recent memory, starting in late Q4 of this year and into 2025? Greg, did you want to take that one?
Greg Peters: Sure. We're going to invite Rich to join our pricing committee. I think it's worth starting by just noting that our approach towards pricing, it's been remarkably consistent over many, many years. And our core theory is that we got to work really, really hard to make sure that we are delivering more value to members every quarter. And then we sort of assess, based on how that's going, metrics like engagement, like acquisition, retention. Did we do a good job there? How we actually delivered on that promise of more value? And when we do, then we occasionally ask members to pay a bit more, so we can invest that forward and keep that whole process going. So you've seen us do that, this past quarter in a couple of countries. We did it in Europe, in several countries. We did it in Scandinavia, we did in Japan. I'd say those changes that we've done have been going well. The results have been in line with expectations. You saw in the letter that we announced that we're doing it in Spain, Italy as well. And of course, we'll continue to evaluate that. We'll look at those signals and we'll figure out where and when we think it's appropriate to ask those members to pay a little bit more as well. And I would say, just stepping back, we look at the long-term monetization opportunity, and we feel that there's a tremendous amount of potential there. As long as we can continue to deliver on improving, the variety and quality of our TV and film slate. You've heard a lot about that, and what we're excited about over the next year to come, as well as expand our offering into new areas. We've got the live events, Tyson Paul, Christmas Day, NFL, those should be exciting things. And then games. So if we do a good job there, then we feel like we can continue to keep that long-term monetization cycle flowing.
Spencer Wang: Thanks Greg. From Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. You've increased prices for your non-ads plans, but have kept the ad tier at the same lower price, while other streaming services have been increasing prices on both. How do you think about the right spread, between the ad tier and the non-ad tiers?
Greg Peters: Yes, we try to think about our pricing mostly not in relationship to competitors, but from the value that we're delivering to members. So, we want to have a range of price points. We think that that's healthy. We want to have that range of price points, be able to deliver different features, for different consumers. While also making sure that, we're not adding too much complexity, or too much choice tax, which we think is a real thing. So and the other thing that I think is important to note here, is that our North Star through this process is optimizing long-term revenue rather than ARM. We look at a variety of signals, to sort of help assess how we're doing in that regard. An important one is the relative balance of sign-up mix across these various options. That's sort of an indicator of healthy offering. I think it's also important to say that, we love the low price point and increased accessibility that comes with our ad plan. If you take the U.S., just as an example, $6.99, I think it represents an incredible value. You get an amazing offering of TV shows, films and games, two streams, HD plus downloads. That's an exciting part of that plan. So I'd say with all of that in mind, we'll continue to evaluate based on those factors. We'll continually try to offer consumers a spread of plan choices, the right features at the right price point, and evaluate that and evolve it based on what we think works.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. From Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. He's asking about the phasing out of the Basic Plan across the U.K., Canada, U.S., and France. Are there any sort of learnings you can share there? And any expectations to phase out Basic in other ad markets going forward?
Greg Peters: Yes. I think it's a good example of what I just mentioned before, how we sort of continue to evolve plans and pricing, thinking about expanding that range, especially the low end on our ads plan, but also keeping the number of choices manageable. And I think of this as that every plan has to earn its spot on the roster, right? It has to deliver enough value to consumers in that offering. Otherwise, it just sort of adds to the complexity and choice tax. I think what we've done in this regard, is also a good example about how we generally try out changes, and judged by how consumers react, whether or not that change makes sense for the business. So I'll let our actions speak for themselves. The change has gone well in line with our expectations. We announced one more country. We'll do that in the letter, and then nothing more to say on it beyond that.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. Spence has been a bit quiet, so I'll now ask him a question from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley on capital allocation. Spence, the company looks poised to generate tens of billions in free cash flow over the next several years. What are the possible uses of all this capital? Will you look to maintain a minimum net leverage level?
Spencer Neumann: Sure, I'll get into it. I was actually just - I was quite reflecting on getting off the pricing committee so that Rich could get on it, but I think the team would welcome that. In terms of kind of future free cash flow, well that future of throwing off tens of billions of free cash flow that will be a great future. It would be a nice challenge to have. But no change to our capital allocation policy. We prioritize profitable growth by reinvesting in our business, maintain ample liquidity, second priority. And then we return excess cash to shareholders beyond several billion dollars of minimum cash that we have on our balance sheet and then any that we use for selective M&A. But beyond that, we return to shareholders through share repurchase. We have made some tactical moves recently, consistent with our policy. We upsized our revolver to $3 billion for additional liquidity if we need it on a rainy day. And we raised $1.8 billion of investment-grade debt earlier in the quarter to refinance upcoming '25 maturities. But no plans to increase leverage to buy back stock or to issue a dividend. We put a real premium on balance sheet flexibility. So in other words, to be clear, no minimum leverage targets.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. Now the next question comes from John Hodulik of UBS. It's regarding YouTube. Do you see YouTube's growing share of TV consumption as friend or foe? Is user-generated content via AI a threat to your business?
Ted Sarandos: Let me take AI. We'll take the second one first on the AI side. Lots of hype, good and bad, about how AI is going to impact or transform the entertainment industry. I think that the history has been that entertainment and technology have worked hand-in-hand throughout the history of time. And it's very important, I think, for creators to be very curious about what these new tools are and what they could do. But AI needs to pass a very important test. Actually, can it help make better shows and better films? That is the test and that's what they got to figure out. But I've said this before and I will say it again, we benefit greatly from improving the quality of the movies and the shows, much more so than we do from making them a little cheaper. So any tool that can go to enhance the quality, making them better is something that is going to, actually help the industry a great deal. When I look at YouTube specifically, I'd say look, we compete directly with YouTube for people's time, for the time they spend on that TV screen. But we have very different strengths. And we continue to invest in ambitious premium content to grow our share of engagement. We think that Netflix is the best place for premium stories, because we're the home to the best storytellers. We have an enormous reach, 600 million watchers. We assume the financial risk when you're making your content. Our subscription model generates higher returns for creators. Those higher returns let them make more ambitious investments in their next projects. So Netflix and YouTube, while we do compete for that time, we're interestingly complementary as well. So we put up our trailers on YouTube and they get - a lot of viewing, which is great because it drives a lot of viewing on Netflix. So we think among those advantages that we have here, is that streaming is the future. It's what consumers want. We give that to consumers. We give them choice and control. We have that enormous reach that we talked about. So you're looking at really incredible watching, incredible fandom. We continue to lead the industry in engagement. And the other investment we have is benefits for consumers, because it brings a great deal of value for money. Creators get big audiences on both platforms. But when you look at it and say, how do you do all this and how do I get the best return? We like what we said. And we think it also brings great value to shareholders, because you get higher revenue and profit. Greg, do you want to jump in on either of those or both?
Greg Peters: Yes, maybe just to reiterate, I think the core message. I think that Netflix fulfills an important and different role, for both consumers who want these great movies and TV shows, but also for creators who want partners that can share in the risk that's, inherent to bring those stories to life. And if you think about some of the titles we'll launch this quarter, you mentioned a couple: Squid Game, Outer Banks, Black Doves. You mentioned A Hundred Years of Solitude, Senna, both coming from Latin America, which are huge, ambitious projects. It's hard to imagine how those kind of big creative bets would be possible with YouTube's model. So while it's certainly a competitive environment, that's absolutely true. But we feel our focus and our model, which is the best storytellers, ambitious premium storytelling, those work well for consumers and for creators while also generating significant operating margin for the business, too.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. And like we said last quarter as well, we are really focused on the 80% of watching that happens not on YouTube or Netflix yet. So we got a lot of - we still got plenty of work to do.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted and Greg. We have time for one last question, and this one comes from Michael Morris of Guggenheim. His question is Netflix doesn't need to bundle with other streaming services, but could there be an opportunity to leverage your industry-leading global member base, be it offering a bundle with a less scaled streamer, potentially one or more services with complementary content like live sports, and in exchange for a share of subscription economics, or advertising inventory?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. So look, we're seeing a lot of our competitors use bundles to find growth in their businesses, and I get that. It's a comfortable business model for legacy media companies. And kind of given the narrow scope of the libraries on these services, and the fairly limited engagement, it makes sense for them to kind of replicate some of the older media models, of kind of creating these bundles. But what we're focused on, is adding more and more value to this package, amazing series and films and now games at a remarkably low price, all in one place. We have first-run films. We have a variety of original series from all over the world that, are the most watched and the most talked-about shows. And you don't have to go anywhere else if you also want unscripted shows, and competition shows and great animated series and great animated films. The best of stand-up comedy and increasingly, buzziest live events on TV, things like the Brady Roast or the Tyson-Paul Fighter, NFL football on Christmas Day or next year with the WWE. So, we are really betting on our ability to reach consumers, and our ability to continue to grow value of this package.
Greg Peters: Yes, I think that's right. And it's worth noting that our share of viewership in even our biggest countries is still less than 10% of TV time. So we look at this as there's a huge opportunity to grow that share, by doing what Ted said, invest more in our slate, continue to improve the variety and quality of our offering. I think it's also worth noting that we've got a lot on our plate right now. We've got a lot of hard work building new capabilities. We're building ads, we're building games, we're building live. Those all expand that offering. They deliver more value to members. So we want to focus on building those capabilities. And before we're taking on anything new, let's take care of that. And I think, we believe strongly based on our history that if we can just keep focusing on that, be a little bit better every day at delivering more entertainment value to our members, we're going to have an incredible business. So let's stay focused there.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Ted and Greg and Spence for your answers on this call. Thank you, analysts, for your questions, and we thank all the listeners for tuning into our quarterly earnings call. And we look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thanks again.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-18 16:45:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Welcome to the Netflix Q2 2024 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. We'll now take questions from the sell-side community that have been submitted and we'll begin with a set of questions on our Q2 results and our forecast.
A - Spencer Wang: So the first question on our results come from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. So Spence, Doug asks, how -- can you provide some color on how churn is trending and perhaps share some color on what drove revenue growth in the quarter?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. Thanks, Doug, and thanks, Spencer. We're pleased with our performance in Q2. There was strong performance across-the-board, good momentum across the business, strong revenue growth, member growth and profit growth. In terms of that member growth and churn, I'd say that the kind of outsized paid net-adds in the quarter was primarily driven by stronger acquisition, a little stronger than we expected, but also very healthy, continued healthy retention in the quarter and that's across all regions. In terms of growth generally, there's probably kind of three key factors that drove member growth. First, strong performance of our content slate, a wide variety of titles that delivered across genres and regions and I'm sure we'll talk more about that. There was some positive impact from paid sharing that continues. As we've said on recent calls, it's tougher and tougher to tease that out. We're clearly seeing healthy organic growth in the business, but we're also continuing to get better and better at translating improvements in our service into business value, including getting better and better at converting unpaid accounts. And at least on the paid member front, we're also probably benefiting from that attractive entry point in terms of price point and feature set for our ads plan. So you put all that together and it was a nice quarter for subscriber growth, but even more importantly, a nice quarter in terms of driving healthy revenue growth and healthy profit growth. So 17% reported revenue growth and margins that were up 5 percentage points year-over-year.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. Doug also has a follow-up question on the results. We noted -- or Netflix noted that India was our number two and number three country in terms of paid net-adds and percent revenue growth in the second-quarter. Do you feel like you're hitting more of an inflection point in that market? Or is that more about a very specific successful content slate in Q2?
Spencer Neumann: Ted, do you want to take it or?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Well, look, I think India's growth is a story that we see around the world playing out very similarly. So you look at the concept, the product market fit is what drives our ability to attract members and retain members and monetize with them as well. So I feel like what's going on in the quarter has been this ongoing build. We had this great show here on Monday. Sanjay Leela Bhansali, SLB, is one of the most celebrated filmmakers in India and he took on this incredibly ambitious series and brought it to screen on Netflix, directed every episode, and it's our biggest drama series to date in India. So on-top of that, our original films and our licensed films as films in the pay-TV window immediately following theatrical have continued to thrill our members. So if we pick them well, we program well, we improve the product market fit, we improve engagement, we grow members, we grow revenue. It's the same formula I think everywhere else, everywhere we go and there's certainly plenty of room to grow in India as long as we keep throwing our audiences there.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. Our next question on the results relate to operating margin and the question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. For Spence, how should we think about the pace of margin expansion going-forward and the drivers of the margin outperformance this year?
Spencer Neumann: Well, thanks, Jessica. Well, when we think about margin expansion, we're obviously pleased with how it's trending so-far. Our focus -- kind of stepping back, our focus is to sustain healthy revenue growth and grow margins each year. So we feel good about what we've been delivering. As you see in the letter, we're now targeting 26% full-year operating income margin, that's up from our prior guide of 25% and it's up 5 percentage points year-over-year assuming we kind of land there. But the amount of annual margin expansion as we look-forward, it could bounce around each year. And we've talked about this in recent quarters. It could bounce around because of foreign-exchange in a year where that moves or other business considerations. But we're committed to grow margins each year and we see a lot of room to continue to grow profit margin, absolute profit dollars and do that over an extended period of time for years to come.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. Our next question comes from Steven Cahall on -- from Wells Fargo and it's regarding free-cash flow. So the question is, Netflix has raised their full-year revenue and margin outlook, but did not change their free-cash flow forecast of approximately $6 billion. Is this just a pull-forward in cash content spend or is there anything else that is impacting your free-cash flow guidance?
Spencer Neumann: I'll take that. Nothing else impacting it. As we've noted -- as you noted, we continue to expect approximately $6 billion of free-cash flow for the year. There's always some uncertainty in terms of timing of things like content spend, sometimes timing of taxes. So that kind of keeps us right now holding at approximately $6 billion, but no other read-through beyond that.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. We have our quarterly question on paid sharing next from John Hodulik of UBS, which I'll direct to Greg. The question is, do you still have upside from the paid sharing initiative? And have you moved forward on mobile paid sharing? And if so, how big of an opportunity is this?
Greg Peters: Yes, Spence already gave some commentary on this quarter's performance, I'll talk about it sort of more from a long-term perspective. And as we said for a couple of quarters now, we're at the point where we really operationalize paid sharing. So it's just a standard part of our product experience. And we think about the improvements there. And to be clear, we do see still some significant areas for improvement there. But we see those as part of all the opportunities essentially we have to improve the product experience. So we're constantly prioritizing all those opportunities based on what we think is the expected value. And just to give you a sense of how wide that is, even things that we've been working on for over a decade like our sign-up flows or the user experience that a consumer has when they want to sign-up for Netflix. We have found multiple improvements just over the last couple of quarters in those flows, which have delivered material incremental revenue wins. So we're going to continue to look at all these opportunities. We're going to improve things for members and for the business. We'll iterate, we'll improve them. And we think of this as just a constantly improving value translation mechanism. So we want to take all the value that's created by Bela's teams in film and series. We got more live events, games and we want to translate that more effectively into revenue, so we can continue to invest and keep that flywheel spinning. And if we can keep improving that value translation mechanism each quarter and keep improving the entertainment offering that it operates on top of, those two things compound and drive the business, will drive the business through the rest of the year, will drive-through '25 and beyond. And that really allows us to more effectively get more of those 500 million plus and growing Smart TV households around the world that aren't currently members to sign-up. And it also drives our other levers of growth like plan optimization, extra member, ads revenues and pricing into more value. So I just -- I think about this as more of the constant work we are doing to improve for decades to come.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. I'll now move us along to a series of questions about advertising. And we'll start first with Barton Crockett of Rosenblatt and I'll point this question to Spence. You say that advertising is not a "primary" driver of revenue growth yet. Can you provide a little more clarity on what that means for both '24 and '25?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. Thanks. So stepping back, I'd say we're very pleased with how we're scaling our ads business. We talked about that in our letter. We've been primarily focused on scaling reach. But if you think about even just the revenue portion of ads, it is growing nicely. The rate of growth, it just happens to be growing off of a relatively small base because we're starting from only 18 months into ads so to have the kind of a primary revenue impact across a business that has been primarily subscription for a long-time that just takes some time. So we're scaling well through reach, through engagement, through growing inventory and that represents opportunity for us over a multiyear trajectory to have a big and increasing revenue and profit impact on the business. So again stepping back, we feel really good about our position, our ability to sustain healthy revenue and profit growth. Ads is kind of one more tool in our tool chest there. We're doing the hard work now to improve our service across-the-board. So we finished the year strong in '24 and drive growth into '25 and beyond. We're small in every measure. We talk about it a lot. We're small in share of TV time. We're small in terms of penetration of connected TV homes. We're small in revenue market-share. And we're going to grow in those areas across-the-board and ads going to be a bigger piece of that puzzle. Just we won't have it be primary in '24, '25, but it contributes. It's a meaningful contributor. That's what we've said and that's what it is doing. And then when you get into '26 and beyond, it can be even more meaningful and hopefully becomes to the point where it is a primary contributor given all of that engagement and reach that we're building.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. A follow-up question on advertising comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley and I will direct this to Greg. Looking into your advertising revenue ramp into 2025, what are the key areas that need to improve to bring in significantly more revenue? Can you talk about the opportunities and challenges scaling up your direct sales efforts and leveraging third-party sources of demand, primarily programmatically?
Greg Peters: Yes, we've said many times our priority -- number-one priority, first priority is scale, so we've been heavily focused on that. And the great news is we've seen great progress in that regard. We've been scaling our ads member base very quickly from zero two years ago to where we are today. And we're excited to say that we're on-track to achieve our critical scale goals for all of our ads countries in 2025. Clearly, we expect further growth beyond that, but that represents a great threshold to get to and then to build more scale and more attractiveness from there. So that allows us to shift more of our energy now on more effectively monetizing that rapidly-growing inventory. And there's sort of two main fronts here. One is our go-to-market capability. So we're adding more sales folks, we're adding more ads operation folks, building our capabilities to meet advertisers. A big component of that is giving advertisers more effective ways to buy Netflix. It's a big point of feedback that we heard from advertisers. So by adding demand sources that are already integrated into their processes and their systems, that just makes it easy for them to buy. And in some cases, that was a threshold item for them to buy in us, so we're going to expand the number of buyers as a result of that. And then the other big area of growth for us is the sort of product and technology stack. We mentioned we're building our own ad server now. We're excited to launch that in Canada this year and then the rest of our ads markets in '25. That unlocks a whole set of innovations that we expect that are focused on a better user experience for our members on those ad tiers and better advertiser features. So I think a lot about this is targeting relevance, more capabilities in that space as well as thinking about how do we do ROI, ROAS, incrementality measurements, all the things that we want. And ultimately, really this is about bringing what has been amazing about digital advertising in terms of targeting relevance, measurement, et cetera. And what we think is amazing about TV advertising, which is an incredible creative format, better creative format in many cases than digital as well as the ability to put those advertisements next to content to titles, stories that are impacting the social conversation, which is important for advertisers. So lots of work ahead. We've got years of work to do, but that's the line that we're moving forward with.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. From Steven Cahall, his question is, given what we think are pressures on AVOD CPMs and the 10 hours per account per month viewing time you disclosed at the upfront for ad-supported members, what's the likelihood that ad support ARM drops below ad-free member arm in the second-half? Would you consider raising the price of ad-supported tiers as an offset?
Greg Peters: Okay. So perhaps starting by just providing some clarification here, our engagement on our ads plans is very similar to what we see on our non-ads plans. That's close to the approximately two hours of viewing per member per day across all the plans that you can calculate globally from our engagement reports. You should think of that as roughly how our ads plan members are engaging as well. And then on terms of ads ARM, so ads ARM which is of course a combination of the subscription amount plus the ads revenue, currently because we've been scaling so rapidly, we are not -- we're racing behind essentially to fulfill all of that increasing inventory and we're lagging in that regard. So currently our ads ARM is lower than our non-ads ARM. And that's obviously we look at that as both -- it's a go do, but it's a revenue growth opportunity for us as we scale into that, that represents an opportunity to accelerate our revenue growth as well. So you mentioned price. We think about pricing for ads tier very similarly to how we would think about pricing for our non-ads tier. First of all, I just think it's worth noting that we love having an entry price that's lower. That means we are more accessible for more people in our ads markets. That's a great thing because they get access to all the amazing storytelling that we are doing there. But in terms of raising that price, we think about it similar to how we think about pricing in general, which is where it's our job to increase the value that we are delivering all of our members. We've got more amazing film, more series, the live events that are coming, more games. And when we have signals from our members, this is the amount of acquisition that we've got going on, engagement, what our retention and churn looks like, then we find the right moment to ask our members to pay a bit more to keep that flywheel spinning. And we'll think about that in the ads context just like we would in the non-ads context.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. John Hodulik from UBS asks, can you provide an update on the CTV ad environment and update us on initial feedback from advertisers on your ad tech initiative. What features do you expect to add with the ad tech build? And anything you can tell us about the costs associated with it?
Greg Peters: Sure. Well, there's a lot of excitement amongst advertisers to -- about the work that we're doing. I'd say the primary one and again one that we're responding to, which is sort of very tactical and immediate is being able to provide advertisers more ways to buy on Netflix. So those demand sources is something we heard very clearly from advertisers that it was either a real improvement for them or it was a necessary point for them to be able to buy on Netflix. So then beyond that, we hear lots of enthusiasm for the things I mentioned before, increasing ads relevancy, targeting personalization, better measurement, incrementality, all these things that we'll be building over the next several years, lots of excitement about that. The biggest negative feedback we get is that we aren't there right now. So advertisers want us to have all those features in place today. We would love to have all of those features in place today for sure. So we're -- got the hard work ahead of us of building those as quickly as we possibly can and closing that gap as soon as we can. But this is -- it's years ahead of us to go-ahead and keep building these things. And quite frankly, as we build those features, I am quite certain that there'll be more that will come onto the roster that advertisers will be asking for us and more that we'll be excited about doing.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. And our next question is for Ted, coming from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners...
Spencer Neumann: Hey, Spencer.
Spencer Wang: Yes.
Spencer Neumann: Spencer, sorry to interrupt you. We didn't really answer the kind of cost thing unless I missed it. Did I missed that in terms -- sort of I can chime in, if you like. All of what Greg talked about in terms of investing in the business, suffice it to say that is all embedded in our margin guidance. So we're -- we make trade-offs all-the-time with the business where our expenses are up 7% year-to-date where if you kind of step-back, we're on track to be -- you can do the math, it's probably north of $28 billion in total expenses across our business for the year and we're still expecting to deliver five percentage points of margin improvement. So we try to run the business like owners, make smart trade-offs and invest into growth like live, like ads, like games, like product innovation and ads as part of that, both for this year as well as into next year where again we expect to drive revenue growth and increase our margins while investing into ads?
Greg Peters: Thanks, Spence [Multiple Speakers]
Spencer Wang: Yes, thanks for keeping us on this, Spence. So next question is for Ted coming from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. Is your recent agreement to stream two NFL games on Christmas Day signaling that you need live sports to build a robust advertising business or are you trying to create a regular cadence of high-profile live events to bring advertisers onto Netflix platform who will then spend across your broad array of entertainment content?
Ted Sarandos: Thank you, Rich. It's a great question. And let me back up a minute. We're in live because our members love it and it drives a ton of engagement and it drives a ton of excitement. And those two things are very valuable. So the good thing is that advertisers like that too and they like it for the exact same reason, the excitement and the engagement. So everyone's interests here are perfectly aligned in that way. What we signaled to the world when we went live with the Chris Rock: Selective Outrage special last year-ago is that this company, Netflix, who you love for on-demand viewing of your favorite TV shows and movies is also -- I say also going to surprise you with amazing exclusive buzzy live entertainment. And since then, we've launched a golf tournament with the great -- the biggest stars in PGA golf and Formula 1 drivers; a tennis match with two like generational titans of professional tennis, Nadal and Alcaraz; a live comedy with Katt Williams; an entire week of groundbreaking live talk show episodes from John Mulaney; that epic roast of Tom Brady, our biggest live stream yet. And still to come, we've got a live show with Joe Rogan. We have this hot dog eating grudge match between Chestnut and Kobayashi that people are remarkably excited about. We have this long-awaited boxing match between Mike Tyson and Jake Paul in November. And on Christmas Day, not just one, but two great NFL football games. So I would call that a really fast ramp and it leads right into weekly live coverage of WWE. So it's that thrilling excitement, engaged, watching that people are really thrilled about and we're thrilled about and that we're thrilled that our advertisers are excited about it too.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. Rich has a part two to this question, not surprisingly, how do you thread the needle on licensing sports to drive advertising spend without becoming beholden to leagues at renewal?
Ted Sarandos: Well, hopefully exactly the way we're doing it by making these Netflix events, not necessarily taking on a lot of tonnage from any one league, but actually making these games -- events like having two NFL football games on Christmas Day and two great games, the Chiefs and the Steelers and the Ravens and the Texans, they're both going to be great games and it really creates a lot of real excitement with the service and it's one day of football. So when I look at that and I think along those lines, you'd see how we solved for that in our WWE deal, which was economics that we like and live with and can grow into and contemplate with that expansion of cost and viewing would be over the -- over in that case as long as 20 years if we wanted to be. So I think it's really not a matter of -- there's an automatic disconnect between you can't do sports and net profit. It's very difficult to have big league sports and profit until -- when you offer them entire seasons. But when you offer them in this event model that we're building on, we're really excited about our opportunity to do that without the risk that you're talking about right now. So -- and then beyond that, we are in love with the kind of very profitable storytelling version of sports. So if you can't wait for those football games on Christmas Day, you can watch Receiver right now. It just started on July 10th on Netflix, which is part of that storytelling version of sports.
Spencer Wang: Thank you. Thank you, Ted. Our next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar of Barclays. It's a question regarding our engagement. So Ted, could you speak to the underlying engagement health at Netflix and what are you seeing there?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Look, I think I talked about this a bit on the last call as well, but competition for entertainment is super intense and we compete for every second of view time we get. So beyond that, kind of the competitive intensity that's always been out there, we also anticipated some headwinds in our engagement because of paid sharing. Remember, we're taking folks who were watching Netflix and not paying-off the service. So we thought our engagement would go down. We took a deep-dive into how that was impacting and how we could isolate that impact and look at it as owner households, so those folks who were not impacted by paid sharing at all. And what we saw was in last quarter is that engagement was holding steady, so that much of the engagement headwind was coming from that. And I look then -- but now we look-forward a quarter. Now I'm not going to get in the habit of releasing this as a new metric every quarter, but looking at that same segment again, that segment's engagement is actually not just steady, but up year-on-year. So we're very excited about that. I think it's a very healthy sign of engagement growth. And even with all of that, so beating down the headwinds of that and beating down competition, we're still about 10% of TV time in every country we operate in. So still lots of room to grow, but very pleased with our engagement, but not fully satisfied.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Your primary competitor for more passive home entertainment engagement increasingly looks to be YouTube. What are you doing in terms of programming and product to try and take share from YouTube in the future? Or is this not a focus? Are there key verticals like kids programming where you see YouTube as particularly advantaged? Perhaps Ted, you and Greg can tag team on this one.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, sure. Looking at the Nielsen data that just released for June, what you see there is Netflix and YouTube are the clear leaders in direct-to-consumer entertainment. So our two service -- us and YouTube represent about 50% of all streaming to the TV in the US and we use the US only because that's where we have the data. So really what we're focused on here is focusing ourselves on that other 80% of total TV time that isn't going to either us or YouTube. So that's a ton -- even that's both streaming continuing to expand, which it did in June, so that share of TV time grew against linear. And as linear continues to give, I think there's a lot of opportunity for us to grow as long as we keep executing well. Now we clearly do compete with YouTube in certain segments of their business and we certainly compete with them for time and attention, but our services also feed each other really well. So remember, our shows are the most-watched and talked about and award nominated. We just came out of 107 Emmy nominations for our slate this year yesterday. And so our teasers and trailers and behind-the-scenes clips and all those kind of things are incredibly popular on YouTube. So in that way, we kind of feed each other pretty nicely. Greg, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Greg Peters: Sure. I think it's also important to note that Netflix fulfills an important and differentiated need for both consumers who really want -- they want amazing spectacle movies and TV shows as well as an important need for creators who want partners that can share in the risk that's inherent in bringing those stories to life. So you think about shows like Stranger Things or Wednesday, Heartstopper, Outer Banks, these shows create amazing view and fandom in especially with younger audiences. So it's not just one generation. And it's really hard to imagine how that kind of big creative bet would happen and be possible within YouTube's model. So to Ted's point, it is very competitive out there. And we also feel confident that our model works. It works well for our consumers, it works well for creators and it works well for our business and helps us generate significant operating margin.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted and Greg. Our next question comes from Maria Ripps of Canaccord. Netflix's CTO, Elizabeth Stone, recently appeared on a podcast where she said that Netflix is exploring how to integrate generative AI into the platform to improve the member experience. Do you think that technology could have more of a potential impact on the content creation or discovery side? How do you think about the relative impact on engagement from improving discovery versus content? Greg, over to you for this one.
Greg Peters: Yes, we've been using similar technologies, AI and ML for many years to improve the discovery experience and drive more engagement through those improvements. We think the generative AI has tremendous potential to improve our recommendations and discovery systems even further. We want to make it even easier for people to find an amazing story that's just perfect for them in that moment. But I think it's also worth noting that the key to our success stacks, right, it's quality at all levels. So it's great movies, it's great TV shows, it's great games, it's great live events and a great and constantly improving recommendation system that helps unlock all of that value for all of those stories. Ted, you want
Ted Sarandos: Yes, it begs the question about the impact on creative with AI going-forward, which is hard to predict obviously. But I would say this, I think that AI is a great -- is going to generate a great set of creator tools, a great way for creators to tell better stories. And one thing that's sure, if you look-back over 100 years of entertainment, you can see how great technology and great entertainment work hand-in-hand to make -- to build great big businesses. You can look no further than animation. When animation didn't get cheaper, it got better in the move from hand-drawn to CG animation and more people work in animation today than ever in history. So I'm pretty sure that there's a better business and a bigger business in making content 10% better than it is making it 50% cheaper. So remember, I think that shows and movies, they win with the audience when they connect. And it's when the -- it's in the beauty of the writing, it's in the chemistry of the actors, it's in the plot, the surprise and the plot twist, all those things. And I'm not saying that audiences don't notice all these other things, but I think they largely care mostly about connecting with the storytelling. And I'd say they probably don't care much about budgets and arguably maybe not even about the technology to deliver it. So my point is they're looking to connect. So we have to focus on how to tell on the quality of the storytelling. There's a lot of filmmakers and a lot of producers experimenting with AI today. They're super excited about how useful a tool it can be. And we got to see how that develops before we can make any meaningful predictions of what it means for anybody. But our goal remains unchanged, which is telling great stories.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted and Greg. We now have a question from Ben Swinburne regarding our product. And the question for Greg is, can you dimensionalize the opportunity from a new homepage? You said that this is the biggest update in a decade, which sounds meaningful. What are the primary areas of improvement you're targeting with this?
Greg Peters: Yes, it's hard to know exactly at this moment how much benefit that new homepage will derive. I think it's worth noting that it's less about the improvements that we're going to deliver initially, but it's more about creating a structure that allows us to evolve and advance more freely than the current structure does. And in terms of what are the pain points, what are we trying to solve, a lot of this is getting to the increase in diversity of entertainment that we are now offering. So we've been amazing at film and series for a long period of time, but now increasingly, we're adding live events into it -- live events like the Brady roast, which was incredible, but it's a sort of one-off event that we have to create demand for. It's live events like WWE, which are consistent and repeating that we want to make sure that fans of that experience have an easy way to access those things. We're increasingly promoting games as well into our service. So what we found is we need to create structures that allow us to flexibly go from one-type of content and entertainment to another in terms of how we're promoting and connecting those. So there's things like that. There's also things like we want to increasingly recognize that we're doing -- even in the same content type, we're doing different jobs for our users in different moments. And that could be Sunday afternoon family movie time, that'd be a great experience if we want to provide exactly the right discovery and choosing experience for versus maybe late on Thursday night when you're coming home and you just want to get into the next episode of the series that you're currently cruising through. So it's that kind of flexibility we want to provide. This is -- our expectation is that this new structure will allow us to deliver as the old structure did for a decade, multiple repetitive material benefits to users in terms of engagement, which lead into retention and then revenue. But again, that will be a long iterative journey and mostly we're trying to take that first step and set us up for that.
Ted Sarandos: And less technical too, Greg, it's -- the UI is beautiful.
Greg Peters: There we go. We like beauty as well
Ted Sarandos: It is -- it really is.
Spencer Wang: Thank you. Next question is from Jason Helfstein of Oppenheimer. What have been the early results from phasing out the basic tier in a handful of your markets? And how does that tie-back to success in selling ads? Greg, would you want to take that one?
Greg Peters: Sure. As you've seen us do multiple times before, we spent a lot of energy on the right product experience for doing this migration. And then what we do is we roll it out and we test it and we see how that goes and I let our members tell us if we did a good job there or not, we make whatever changes in iterations before we then scale it out and roll it even further. And I think it's worth noting here that we feel like in this migration, we've got a very strong offering for our members. Essentially, we're providing them a better experience, two streams versus one. We've got higher definition, we've got downloads. And, of course, all at a lower price, $6.99 in the United States. We think that represents a tremendous entertainment value and it includes ads. And for members who don't want that ads experience, they, of course, can choose our ads free standard or premium plans as well. And then in terms of performance, I'll just let our actions speak for ourselves. When those things go well, we typically roll it out and that's -- we've had the confidence to move forward with that change in the U.S. and France. So that's an indicator of how it's going.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. Next question comes from Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. The question is regarding gaming. Can you provide any update on your gaming initiative and user engagement and your ability to scale your gaming efforts?
Greg Peters: Sure. Games is a big market. So it's almost $150 billion ex-China and Russia and not including ad revenue, which we aren't participating in our current model. And we're getting close to three years into our gaming initiative. And we're happy with the progress that we've seen. We've had set ourselves pretty aggressive engagement growth targets. And we've met those -- exceeded those in many cases. In 2023, we tripled that engagement. We're looking good in our engagement growth in '24 and we've set even aggressive -- more aggressive growth goals for '25 and '26. But worth noting that engagement and that impact on our overall business at the current scale, it's still quite small. And it's also probably worth noting that the investment level in games relative to our overall content spend is also quite small and we've calibrated the growth in investment with the growth in business impact. So we're being disciplined about how we scale that. So now obviously the job is to continue to grow that engagement to the place where it has a material impact on the business. And I think you've seen this trajectory with us before, whether it's been a new content genre like unscripted or film or maybe getting the content mix right for a particular country, you can think about Japan or India, which we're now in an amazing place through the hard work of our teams there. We continually iterate, we refine our programming based on the signals we get from our members. And if you look over several years with that model, we can make a huge amount of progress. We've launched over 100 games so far. We've seen what works, what doesn't work. We're refining our program to do more of what is working with the 80-plus games that we currently have in development. And one of those things that really is working is connecting our members with games based on specific Netflix IP that they love. And this is an area that we've been able to move in quickly in a particular space, which is interactive narrative games. These are easier to build. And we place those in a narrative hub that we call Netflix stories. Q2, we launched Virgin River and Perfect Match. Starting this month in July, we're going to launch about one new title per month into Netflix stories. And this is amazing IP like Emily in Paris and Selling Sunset. And we have lots more, including very different types of games yet to come in the quarters and years ahead.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. I just want to chime in for a second, Greg, if you don't mind. This is why I'm really excited about the opportunity in games, which is the way that it's pretty rare for the content -- new content vertical like this to actually complement or draft off of each other. So every once in a while, we get something like Squid Game: The Challenge following the Squid Game with the scripted series. But I think our opportunity here to serve super fandom with games is really fun and remarkable. I think the idea of being able to take a show and give the super fan a place to be in between seasons and even beyond that to be able to use the game platform to introduce new characters, the new storylines or new plot twist events. Now you could do those kind of things and then they can then materialize in the next season or in the sequel to the film. It's a really great opportunity and a rare one where one-and-one equals three here. And to kind of replicate some of the success we've seen building fandom and with live events and consumer products, this actually fits really nicely into that. So I'm really excited to see where this goes.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted. Thank you, Greg. Our last question comes from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. The question is regarding content spend. Ted, you have targeted $17 billion in cash content spend this year. You're increasing your sports spending within that. How should we think about your spending on entertainment or non-sports entertainment and what's the overall content spending growth going-forward?
Ted Sarandos: Well, thanks for the question. I would like to just back up a little bit and say that creating TV and films for a big global audience is a creative process. So -- and we're programming for more than 600 million people around the world who are watching us for a couple of hours a day every day. So we're -- we've got our work cut out for us. And that $17 billion, all those exciting things we talked about earlier are all tucked into that $17 billion and that $17 billion will grow as our revenue grows. It won't grow as fast as our revenue grows, but it will grow to accommodate that. And I think what's really important and where I think we have a real interesting advantage here is that we have these distributed creative teams all over the world. So what's great about that is they are very tightly wound into the creative ecosystem in all these different countries, the star systems, the producer systems and more importantly, the culture, what fans in those countries really love. So we've got all these folks working at the same time so that in this creative process, which does have hot streaks and cold streaks, they can be operating pretty simultaneously to create a very steady cadence of big exciting hits. We certainly compete with Hollywood to make the best and most popular programming in the world. But we're also doing that in India, in Spain, in France, in Italy, in Germany, in Korea and Japan, all over Southeast Asia and Mexico and Colombia, Spain, Argentina and the U.K. And the program that create -- the programming that we create in those countries, all -- again, all part of that 17 bill are all designed to thrill the local audience. And when they really, really thrill the local audience, there is a possibility and sometimes a probability that they could find a gigantic audience all over the world, including in North-America. So the team in EMEA, particularly in the UK, is doing a remarkable job of this right now. So they have been able to deliver big global hits, but they've been sensational in country. So Baby Reindeer and The Gentleman, both landed with Emmy nominations yesterday and have been sensations in the US, but they are a phenomenon in the UK. So more than 50% of all of our members in the UK have watched or watching Baby Reindeer and The Gentleman. Similarly with One Day, our original film Scoop. So those things that are thrilling the world are super serving the British audience. The same thing just came out of Paris or out of France with under Paris, which was 90 million views, 157 million view hours around the world, more than half of every French member loves this movie. Same thing with The Asunta Case in Spain. More than 50% watching in Spain and big watching all over the world. Queen of Tears in Korea is another example that's happening in APAC right now. So this kind of like super serving local audiences, creating global content around the world, gives us an efficiency that I think is getting better and better and a muscle that's getting stronger and stronger that I'm really excited about. And how does that play-out, our slate coming up is unbelievable. So in -- as we've currently forecast, what we're going to deliver for the rest of this year and what we're going to deliver into the net -- in through '25 just for -- just before the end of this year, we've got Squid Game return, we've got Emily in Paris return. You've got a new season of Selling Sunset, Lincoln Lawyer, The Diplomat, Virgin River, Love is Blind. Ryan Murphy has an incredible new season of Monsters that tells the Erik and Lyle Menendez story. That's all just coming up before the end-of-the year. And then looking-forward over the next -- through '25, you've got new seasons of Wednesday and Stranger Things and Night Agent. We're in production on One Piece. So there's a ton of excitement there just in our series. This week, we kicked-off the finale of Cobra Kai, which is going to blow your mind. August 8th, we've got the finale of Umbrella Academy kicking off and a brand-new series that we're also thrilled about. Susan Beer's Perfect Couple with -- this has got Nicole Kidman and just a really fun, fun thriller. Nobody Wants This from Kristen Bell and Brody, Black Doves, a beautiful show out-of-the UK. Beauty in Black from Tyler Perry, No Good Deed which is bringing Ray Romano and Lisa Kudrow back to TV, A Classic Spy with Ted Danson. From Brazil, we have Senna. From Colombia, we've got Hundred Years of Solitude. And then, of course, all those live events I talked to you about. And our movie slate is fantastic with Rebel Ridge, Will & Harper, The 688, The Piano Lesson, Carry-On. These are -- we have got a lot packed into that. Our goal and our mission here is we have to spend the next billion dollars of programming better than anyone else in the world and there's no one better at doing it than Netflix. So we're excited.
Greg Peters: Spencer, how do you not get excited about that and then also get excited about that we're going to do all that while growing content spend slower than revenue. That's a lot of stuff going on. Thanks, Ted.
Ted Sarandos: It's all in. It's all in there.
Greg Peters: And a hot dog contest too, Spencer, don't forget that.
Spencer Wang: All right. Well, I'm going to leave it at that since it sounds like we're going to have a lot to watch. So we all need a little bit more time. So we'll end the Q2 call here. So thank you, Ted, Greg and Spence for joining us today. Thank you, investors and analysts for dialing into our call and we look forward to chatting with you next quarter. Thank you very much.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-18 16:45:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q1 2024 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary.
A - Spencer Wang: With that, we will now take questions that have been submitted by the analyst community. And we'll begin first with some questions about paid membership reporting in our results and forecast. So for our first question, it comes from Justin Patterson of KeyBanc. And I'll direct this at Greg initially. Greg, could you please talk about the decision to stop reporting quarterly membership and ARM data in 2025? Why eliminate this? And since you said success stems - starts with engagement, how are you thinking of expanding these disclosures?
Greg Peters: Yes. As we noted in the letter, we've evolved and we're going to continue to evolve developing our revenue model and adding things like advertising and our extra member feature, things that aren't directly connected to a number of members. We've also evolved our pricing and plans with multiple tiers, different price points across different countries. I think those price points are going to become increasingly different. So each incremental member has a different business impact. And all of that means that historical simple math that we all did, number of members times the monthly price is increasingly less accurate in capturing the state of the business. So this change is really motivated by wanting to focus on what we see are the key metrics that we think matter most to the business. So we're going to report and guide on revenue, on OI, OI margin, net income, EPS, free cash flow. We'll add a new annual guidance on our revenue range to give you a little bit more of a long-term view. We'll also - we're not going to be silent on members as well. We'll periodically update when we grow and we hit certain major milestones, we'll announce those. It's just not going to be part of our regular reporting. And we want to do all of this thoughtfully and give everyone time to adjust this transition. So we're going to continue to report subscribers until Q1 of next year, which links into our next annual revenue guidance for 2025. So we think that provides some long-range continuity. And we expect that will provide an effective bridge and transition. But ultimately, we think this is a better approach that reflects the evolution of the business and it more matches and is consistent with how we manage internally to engagement, revenue and profit.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. And on engagement, Greg, just a reminder, we currently report our engagement on our biannual engagement report, leading the industry in viewing transparency and granularity. And we're going to look into building on that both in granularity, which will be kind of tough. Our current report covers about 99% of the viewing on Netflix, but we'll look at the regularity in different ways that we can make it even easier to track our progress on engagement. And - but importantly, why we focus on engagement is because we believe it's the single best indicator of member satisfaction with our offering, and it is a leading indicator for retention and acquisition over time. So happy members watch more, they stick around longer, they tell friends, which all grows engagement, revenue and profit, our North Stars. And so - and we believe that those are the measurements of success in streaming.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Ted and Greg. I'll move us along to the next question from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley who asked two years ago, Netflix stopped adding members. What changes inside Netflix and/or the broader industry explain the significant improvement in member growth we're seeing today, excluding the paid-sharing initiative? In other words, what are you doing better today as a company than in the first half of 2022?
Ted Sarandos: That's a great question. I would say, the thing we're doing is we're thrilling our members. That's the thing we set out there to talk about why we all bounce out of bed in the morning. I look at this last quarter, eight of the first 11 weeks of the year, we've had the number one film on streaming. Nine of the first 11 weeks, we've had the number one original series. And I'm talking about hits like Avatar: The Last Airbender, Griselda, Damsel, Love Is Blind, 3 Body Problem, all of that just in the last few months. So this consistent and dependable and expected drumbeat of hit shows, films and games, that's the business that we're in. And that's what we have to do every day and we have to do it all over the world. So if you think about that and how we're doing about kind of quality at scale in multiple cultures in multiple regions, I look at this last quarter, you see Fool Me Once, One Day, Gentleman, Scoop, The Super-Buzzy, Baby Reindeer, all that from the U.K., all in the last few months. Berlin, Society of the Snow, Alpha Males, all from Spain and all just in the last few months. So that's been one of those things that we just keep building and building and building on. And local unscripted, which is a fairly new initiative for us, and we're finding huge success with things like our second season of Physical 100 in Korea recently and Love is Blind, Sweden. These are all kind of hard to replicate things that we keep getting better and better at every day that we're really proud of the teams for doing that. So - and remember, engagement captures all of this and none of that's possible without great tech and product. We need to do both.
Greg Peters: Yes, I think that's right. The fundamental is all those amazing series, film, games, live events, but a key component of our success and something that we're seeking to get constantly better at is that ability to find audiences for all those great titles. Part of making that happen is just the number of people who look to us for entertainment. We mentioned over 0.5 billion people in this letter, but part of that is that, that product we do to effectively connect those folks with titles that they will love, which then enables us to find the largest audiences for those titles that we think that they could get anywhere. And I think as you mentioned, Ted, this applies globally to titles from all over the world, which is super-exciting. So - and then of course, we seek to maximize the fandom and the impact on the conversation and the cultural zeitgeist that all those titles have. And when we do that well, that just feeds positively into that cycle as we launch new titles. So in terms of what are we doing better, what do we do better, we seek to get better at all of those things. And if we can make that whole flywheel spin a little bit faster, then that's great for our members, it's great for our titles and it's great for our creators.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted and Greg. Moving us along, we have Barton Crockett from Rosenblatt. There's a question about our revenue guidance. I will direct this question to Spence. Spence, can you please explain what drives the revenue deceleration for the full year, so 13% to 15% revenue growth for the full year compared with the 15% to 16% growth in the first and second quarters of this year? Secondly, he also has a question about second quarter subscriber growth. Will that be higher or lower than Q2 of 2023?
Spence Neumann: All right. Sure. Well, thanks for the question. So first, regarding revenue growth overall, full year outlook, I feel really good about where we are in our growth outlook. So I just want to be clear about that. We've done a lot of hard work over the past 18 months or so to reaccelerate the business and reaccelerate revenue through combination of improving our core service, which Greg and Ted just talked about and rolling out paid sharing, launching our ads business and that reacceleration really started in the back half of '23 and it built through the year. So our growth in the back half of '24 is really kind of comping off of those harder comps. And at the high end of our revenue forecast, our growth in the second half is consistent with our growth in the first half, even with those tougher comps. And it's still early in the year. We still got a lot to execute against. We also, as you see in our letter, there's been some FX that with the strengthening dollar, that's a bit of a headwind. So we'll see where that goes throughout the year. But we're guiding a healthy double-digit revenue growth for the full year, which is what we set out to deliver and that's what's reflected in the range. And I guess maybe it's in the question, I guess, seeded and this is a little bit of like what's really kind of the outlook for our growth of the business, not just the back half of this year, but into '25. And it's too early to provide real - specific guidance, but we're going to work hard to sustain healthy double-digit revenue growth for our business. And we really like the kind of the opportunity ahead of us. We're so small in every aspect. We're only 6% roughly of our revenue opportunity. We're lesser than 10% of TV share in every country in which we operate. There's still hundreds of millions of homes that are not Netflix members and we're just getting started on advertising. So the key is to, as you just heard from Greg and Ted, continually improve our service, drive more engagement, more member value. As we do that, we'll have more members. We'll be able to occasionally price in that value and also have a big highly engaged audience for advertisers. So more to come on '25 guidance, but that's - we feel good about the outlook. And then, I guess the second part of the question, I'm trying to remember Spencer. I'm sorry.
Spencer Wang: I can take - I'll be the bad guy on this one, Spence. So the second question was, do you expect Q2 subscriber growth to be higher or lower than Q2 of the prior year? So Barton, as you know, we don't give formal subscriber guidance. We did give an indication in the letter for you that we expect fairly typical seasonality. So paid net adds in Q2 of this year will be lower than Q1 of this year. And that's the limit of the color we'll provide there.
Spence Neumann: Thanks, Spencer.
Spencer Wang: No problem, Spence. So to follow-up on the revenue guidance question, we have Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer, who is asking for some more color on the drivers of the full year revenue guidance with respect to subscriber growth versus ARM growth and how that - those two dynamics will play into the revenue forecast, Spence?
Spence Neumann: Yes. You want to take this one as well?
Spencer Wang: Yes.
Spence Neumann: Okay. I'll jump in. Others can chime in as well. But when you think about the outlook for the year, it's in terms of the mix of revenue growth. It's kind of pretty similar to - we expect it will be pretty similar to what you see in Q1 where it's primarily driven by member growth because of the kind of the full year impact of paid sharing rolling through the year and continued strong acquisition and retention trends. But you are - we are seeing some ARM growth as well. We saw it in Q1, about 1% on a reported basis, 4% FX-neutral. And what's - I just want to be clear, what's happening is that with ARM is price changes are going well. And that's why we're seeing those strong acquisition retention trends because it's testament to the strength of our slate, the overall improvement in the value of our service. But we've only really changed prices in a few big markets and that was U.S., U.K., France late last year. And only on some of the planned tiers in those markets, not even all the planned tiers. And since then, it's been mostly pretty small countries other than Argentina. And Argentina, as you can see, we're sort of pricing into the local currency devaluation and you see that in the difference between FX-neutral and reported growth in Q1. So mostly, what you're seeing in our growth profile this year is the fact that we haven't taken pricing in most countries for the past two years really. And we also have some ARM kind of headwinds in the near-term that you see in Q1. You'll probably see throughout most of this year, which is that one, we have some this planned mix shift as we roll-out paid sharing. So while it's highly revenue accretive, as you can see in our numbers and our reported growth - strong reported growth in Q1 and outlook for the year, that growth - as we spin-off into new paid memberships, they tend to spin-off into a mix of planned tiers that's a little bit of a lower-price view than what we see in our tenured members. And we're also growing our ads tier at a nice clip as you've seen. I'm sure we'll talk about it and monetization is lagging growth there. I'm sure we'll talk about that a bit as well. We also have some country mix shifts. So that whole combination of factors results in pretty modest ARM growth, still some ARM growth, but pretty modest in Q1 and probably throughout the year. But again, the key there is that this is all we're kind of managing this business transition in a way that's really healthy for overall revenue growth as you see with 15% reported revenue growth in the quarter, strong outlook for the year and we're building into a much more kind of durable and healthy foundation for revenue growth going forward across a larger base of paid members and a really kind of strong and scaled highly engaged audience to build into our advertising over time and a strong paid sharing solution and also to kind of penetrate into those households. So we'll increasingly kind of see that mix in our revenue growth and we start to see some of it this year.
Spencer Wang: Great. Spence, the next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays and it's for you, which is do you expect margin growth trajectory to continue being on the present path for a few years? Can you attain margins that are comparable to legacy media margins?
Spence Neumann: Well, thanks, Kannan. Our focus is on sustaining healthy revenue growth and growing margins each year. That's what we talk about a lot of we also talked about in the letter. And we feel good about what we've been delivering, 21% margins last year, that's up from 18% in the year before. And now, we're targeting 25% this year, which is up a tick from the start of year when we were guiding to 24%. So I'd say, just like we have in the past, we'll take a disciplined approach to balancing margin improvement with investing into our growth. We've managed that balance historically pretty well, growing content investment, growing profit, growing profit margin and growing cash flow. You should expect we'll continue to do that, but the amount of annual margin expansion in any given year could bounce around a bit with FX and other investment opportunities. But again, we're committed to grow margin each year. And we see a lot of runway to continue to grow profit and profit margin over the long term.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence. Our next question comes from Alan Gould of Loop Capital. Which inning are we in with respect to enforcing paid sharing? Two years ago, you said 100 million subscribers were sharing passwords with 30 million in UCAN. How many do you estimate still borrow passwords? And I'll turn the floor over to Greg to answer that question.
Greg Peters: Yes. As we mentioned last quarter, we're at the point where we've operationalized the pay sharing work. So this is just now part of that standard mechanism that we've been building and iterating on over time to translate more entertainment value and great film, series, games, live events into revenue. And like we do with all of the significant parts of our product experience, we're iterating on that, testing it, improving it continually. So rather than thinking beyond sort of specific cohorts or specific numbers, we really think about this more as developing more mechanisms, more effective ways to convert folks who are interacting with us, whether they be borrowers or folks that were members before that are coming back, we call them rejoiners or folks that have never been a Netflix member. So we want to find the right call to action, the right offer, the right nudge at the right time to get them to convert. And just to be clear, we still see opportunities to improve this process. We've got line of sight on several improvements to this value translation mechanism that we expect will deliver and contribute to business growth for the next several quarters to come. But I also very much believe that just like for the last 15 years, we're going to - we've always found something to improve in this process. And even beyond those, for years and decades to come, we'll be working on this and making it better and better and better. So all of those improvements could allow us to effectively get more of that 500 million plus smart TV households to sign up and become members. Spence mentioned hundreds of millions yet to come. This is a way to effectively get at more of those folks and make them part of our membership base. And as we mentioned earlier on the call too, I think worth noting that while we're fully anticipating continue to grow subs, the overall business growth now has extra levers and extra drivers like plan optimization, including things like extra members, ads revenue, pricing into more value, which is important. So those levers are also an increasingly important part of our growth model as well.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'll move us on now to a series of questions around advertising. The first of which comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. What are the most important drivers of scaling your ad tier when you think about adjustments you could make to pricing and plans, partner bundles and marketing? How do you get people over the hump for a - that a few minutes of ads an hour can still be a very good experience at the right price. Greg, why don't you take that one?
Greg Peters: Yes, all the things mentioned in the question matter. And I would say we're generally taking our entire playbook, everything that we've learned about how do you grow members and we're applying it to our ads tier now. So clearly, that means partner channels, it means device integrations, bundles, integrated payments. Those are all important tools for growth just as they are and will continue to be in our non-ads offering, increasing awareness of the quality of our ads experience, especially relative to the linear TV ads experience, which in many countries is really quite poor. That's an important and iterative tool when we talk about sort of marketing and awareness building that's, that's going to be part of our growth mechanism. Low price, that's important to consumers. 699 is an example in the United States for multiple streams, full HD downloads. We think that's a great entertainment value, especially at the industry-leading low ad load that we've got. So that's critical as well. So I think you can see the results of leveraging all of these mechanisms and more and how our ads tier has been scaling over the last couple of quarters. So we're 65% up quarter-to-quarter this last quarter. That's after two quarters of about 70% quarter-over-quarter growth. For me, it's exciting to see that growth rate stay high even as we've grown the base so much because obviously, the numbers indicate. That means that there's more absolute additions each quarter. So we're making good progress there. But look, we've got much, much more to do in terms of scaling. We've got more to do in terms of effective go-to-market, more technical features, more ads products. There's plenty of work ahead for us on ads.
Spencer Wang: Great, Greg. Our next question on advertising comes from Rich Greenfield of LightShed. He has a three-part question. Part one, can you update us on your thinking around the optimal spread between the ad tier and the ad-free tier? Secondly, is your advertising ARPU, excluding the subscription fee, up meaningfully versus your original comments that it was in the $8 to $9 range last year? And then lastly, can you give us a sense of what ARPU would look like if supply was not outstripping demand?
Greg Peters: Yes. I'll take the first one and then maybe hand the ARPU/ARM points to Spence. We don't have a fixed operator position on sort of the optimal pricing spread. And much like we've done with price changes in general, we really use signals from our customers, things like plan take rate, conversion rates churn to guide us along an iterative path to get to that right pricing. And I think it's also probably worth noting that sort of right pricing is not really a static position. As we continue to evolve and improve our offering, that's going to change as well. But I think a good general guideline for us in the long term is that it would be healthy for us to land overall monetization between our ads and non-ads offerings in roughly an equivalent position. So it really comes down to what works best for any given member. And it's really a member choice about which plan they think serves them the best. And then I'll hand it over to Spence on ARM questions.
Spence Neumann: Sure. Thanks, Greg. So in terms of ARM and your question, Rich, in terms of how we're doing now relative to what we discussed when we first launched the business. And as Greg said, we've been growing our inventory at quite a fast clip. And so, monetization hasn't fully kept up with that growth in scale and inventory as we're still early in building out our sales capabilities and our ad products. But that is an opportunity for us, because we're still a very premium content environment, a very highly engaged audience that's at an increasing scale. So our CPMs remain strong and we're building out our capabilities, as Greg talked about. So the revenue is going to follow engagement over time and it's already kind of growing nicely, which is great just off a small base. So then really as Greg said, what that means for ARM is right now, it is a bit of a drag on our ARM because of we're kind of under-monetizing relative to supply. But over time, we expect to be similar in revenue on our ads tier, a combination of subscription as well as ads revenue with those kind of non-ads offering. So that's how to think about it, but we're building to it over time.
Spencer Wang: Great. Last question on advertising comes from Jon Hollick at UBS. How are you approaching this year's upfronts? And do you believe the base of ad-supported users is now of the scale that upfront commitments can drive a meaningful change in advertising revenue and be a contributor to ARM growth in 2025? So perhaps Ted, maybe you could start and then Greg follow after that.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, of course. Look, first and foremost, this is our second upfront. We're really excited to go and share with advertisers this incredible slate that we're very, very proud of. So they're going to get a look at some of the shows that are upcoming right away like brand new seasons of Bridgerton and Sweet Tooth and The '90s Show, some of our big unscripted events upcoming like our Tom Brady Roast by way of example and brand new shows like Dead Boy Detectives and Shane Gillis' new show Tires, Eric, a great new limited series out of the U.K. with Benedict Cumberbatch that we're super excited about. And then, they'll even get a longer look at what's all coming up in the second half of the year, which is again returning seasons at Cobra Kai, Emily in Paris, The Night Agent, Outer Banks and Squid Game, our big one and a brand new season of Monsters from Ryan Murphy, which is The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story this year, which is going to be really incredible thing to share with our advertisers. And brand new original series and limited series like American Primeval from Pete Berg, Heartburn with an all-star cast, Nicole Kidman and Liev Schreiber, Senna, which is this great limited series on the Great Brazilian Formula One Driver that we're really excited about. And also, I look at our early - at our movies coming up that we'll end the year with like Eddie Murphy in his most iconic role, Axel Foley and Beverly Hills Cop Axel Foley, Carry On, a big new animated feature, Spellbound. So we've got a lot of entertainment in store for the audience at the upfronts.
Greg Peters: Yes. I think this is an opportunity to reengage with advertisers and look at the fundamentals of what our offering is. I mean, first and foremost, that's an incredible list of titles that brands want to be connected with. It's just super exciting to hear that roster. We've got great engagement from our members on our ads tier. We've got an opportunity to grow that even further. We think that's connected again to the power of those titles. We're rapidly growing scale, as we mentioned. That's the number one request we've had from advertisers. So that's exciting. We're making progress on technical features like measurement, on ads products. So we're excited to get that out there. And really, this is just an opportunity to bring all of that progress in a package to advertisers and then of course, to get input from them because we know that they're going to have comments and they're going to have things that they're going to want us to continue to work on. And then really then just to continue that journey, because we know there's plenty more to go do to realize the potential we have in this space. And so, I would say, we're continuing to grow here. We're growing off of a relatively small base in terms of the impact against already big and substantial business. So even though it's growing quite quickly, it takes a while to grow that into the point where it's material. So we look forward to that increasing in '25 and then increasing further '26 and beyond.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'll now transition us to several questions around content. And this first one, I'll direct to Ted. It's a rare question around why don't we spend more. Given what seems like a very favorable current backdrop for Netflix to acquire and license content, why not lean in even more aggressively? Could it make sense to spend more than $17 billion in cash content this year?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Look, independent of the availability of licensed content, you should look at it, I think we're - we've always been very disciplined about the way we invest in the business and how we grow it. And we can get a lot of bang for our buck by spending our money well and producing our shows really well and also by acquiring the right content. And the floodgates have opened a little more on licensing for sure. But again, we're very focused on the ones that we think will drive the business. So I think we're at our current level of spending at our current level - rate of growth and we're pretty comfortable spending just behind that anticipated rate of growth.
Spencer Wang: And Ted, Jason Helfstein's follow-up is also about licensed content or second-run content. And his question is, how would second - more second-run licensing impact your margins and free cash flow?
Ted Sarandos: Well, the budget is the budget. So it's all part of how we spend against the content and the free cash flow economics. We've gotten pretty close in our cash flow against P&L on our content spend generally. So I don't think it would have much - very much impact on that. Let's want to add some color to that, Spence.
Spence Neumann: I just love you talking about the discipline on our content budgets, Ted, it makes me happy. No, I agree with all of it. I mean, we spend the opportunity, but with I think, prudent constraints and discipline. And to be clear, like we as you say, there has been more licensed content opportunity. But the vast majority of our content spend is still into original programming. It's - and it is and is likely to continue to be. So we'll always complement it with great license content for that variety and quality for our members, but the original content is still our future too.
Spencer Wang: Yes. Great. Next question is from Michael Morris of Guggenheim. Specific about the Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight for Ted, what are the characteristics of the upcoming Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight that make this the type of sports programming you're interested in investing in? How does that content benefit your member base and advertising growth goals?
Ted Sarandos: And so, we're in the very early days of developing our live programming. And it's - I would look at this as an expansion of the types of content we offer, the way we expand it to film and unscripted and animation and most recently, games. On-demand and streaming have been unbelievable for consumer choice and control. And it's really put the controls of television back in the hands of consumers, which has been really phenomenal. But there's also something incredibly magic about folks gathering around the TV together in the living room to watch something all at the same time. We believe that these kind of eventized cultural moments like the Jake Paul and Mike Tyson fight are just that kind of television that we want to be part of winning over those moments with our members as well. So that for me is the excitement part of this. We have - beyond the fight itself, we have several nights of live comedy coming from the Netflix Is A Joke Festival next month and starting in January, we've got 52 weeks of live sports with WWE RAW that's going to be coming to our members every week on Netflix. And we think it's going to be a real value-add to watch those things in real time. And we're going to continue to try a lot of new things, but the core of it is, do our members love it? And judging from the early excitement around the Jake Paul, Mike Tyson fight, there's going to be a lot of people waking up in the middle of the night all over the world to watch this fight in real time.
Greg Peters: I think worth noting that just as what's relevant to members in terms of these large cultural events that Ted talks about, that's what has relevance to advertisers as well. So it's an opportunity for us to expand our advertising offering and give those brands access to these kind of culture-defining moments.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Ted and Greg. And I'm personally looking forward to that event and my money is on Iron Mike Tyson. But as a follow-up on the sports. You still got it, I think. But as a follow-up to the sports question, for Ted, as you continue to scale Netflix and become bigger and bigger and potentially gain more leverage, how could your sports strategy change beyond what you're doing today around primarily sports entertainment?
Ted Sarandos: We've said this many times, but not anti-sports, but pro profitable growth. And I think that's the core of everything we do in all kinds of programming, including sports. So our North Star is to grow engagement, revenue and profit. And if we find opportunities we can drive all three of those, we will do that across an increasingly wide variety of quality entertainment. So when and if those opportunities arrive that we can come in and do that, which we feel like we did in our deal with WWE. If we can repeat those dynamics and other things, including sports, we'll look at them, for sure. So I think it's - we have the benefit of building an enormous business without a loss leader. And we continue to believe that we can grow on that path just as you've seen. So I think the core of it is, is that we're going to look at those opportunities with the same discipline that we do when we talk to movie producers and television networks about putting our content on the air.
Spencer Wang: Great. The next question comes from Rich Greenfield from LightShed about our film strategy. So for Ted, a recent New York Times article cited internal communications from new Netflix film, Chief, Dan Lin stating quote. The aim is to make Netflix's movies better, cheaper and less-frequent. Lin wants his team to become more aggressive producers developing their own material rather than waiting for projects from producers and agents that come to them unquote. Everyone wants to make better, cheaper films, but we find it hard to believe we being rich, find it hard to believe that there is a magic formula. Help us understand the strategy shift under Dan Lin versus Scott Stuber.
Ted Sarandos: Well, thanks for that question, Rich. I would send you back to that New York Times article because that was not a quote from Dan. And I would say that and nor did we participate in that article. I would say, just to be clear, there is no appetite to make fewer films. But there is an unlimited appetite to make better films always, even though we have made and we are making great films. We want to make them better, of course. We're super excited to have Dan join the company. He just joined a couple of weeks ago and he's joined us running 100 miles an hour. Bella has said this publicly that our strategy remains variety and quality. And she's doing an amazing job of bringing new fresh-thinking to our content and our content organization, bringing Dan on board is a great example of that. We want to have a lot of movies. We want them to thrill our audiences and they all have different tastes and we want them all to be great. And so, we take a very audience-centric view of what quality is. And Dan knows that from having produced for us as the CEO, Ride Back, he produced the Oscar-nominated film, the Two Popes. For us, he did Avatar, The Last Airbender for us recently. So he understands Netflix and the audience really, really well and his success in live action and animation is very hard to define in the business. So we're thrilled he's doing it here.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Ted. The next question comes from Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. Could you please provide an update on engagement trends now that paid sharing is mostly behind you. So I'll kick it over to Ted first and Greg, you can feel free to add-on.
Ted Sarandos: Well, it's important to note that we compete for every hour of viewing all the time, every day, everywhere we operate. And we think that engagement report is very important and that metric is important because again, it's the best indicator of customer satisfaction. I know I just said this 10 minutes ago, but I'm going to repeat it. Eight of the first 11 weeks of this year, we've had the number one movie and nine of the last 11 weeks of this year, we've had the number one series. And that's according to the Nielsen streaming data. And for us, that is what we're personally focused on. And we've actually seen in that Nielsen data, our share tick up a little bit even in this incredibly competitive space, where you've got a lot of folks competing for attention, for time and for money.
Greg Peters: Yes, Ted, I think you can repeat that eight, 11, 9/11 as many times as you want as far as I'm concerned.
Ted Sarandos: I'm going to close with that two.
Greg Peters: So as we have said, due to the work that we're doing on password sharing, we're essentially cutting off some viewers who are not payers and therefore, we're going to lose some viewing associated with that. So when you see our next engagement report, you are going to see some impact to our overall absolute view hours as a result of that. But despite that impact and despite the general pressure from strong competition that Ted noted, we think our engagement remains healthy. You can see it in the stat that Ted indicated in terms of the Nielsen ratings and our modest growth in TV time in the United States, but we also wanted to do an apples-to-apples view of engagement. So we looked at the population not impacted by paid sharing, it will be called owner households. And in Q1 of '24, the hours viewed per account were steady with the year-ago quarter. So that's a pretty good sign that our engagement is holding up and it sort of cuts through the noise around paid sharing. And again, I just want to reiterate, we think we have plenty of room to grow engagement, right? We're still less than 10% of TV hours, even in our most mature matrix markets. So there's tons of room of growth ahead of us.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Ted and Greg. I'm going to move us along now to a series of questions around plans and pricing and pricing strategy. So from Steve Cahall from Wells Fargo. Greg, as you continue to expand, do you think there is a ceiling for pricing? If so, how close are we to that ceiling in mature markets? And do you envision Netflix having content here, so that you can continue to expand your content genres and further segment your customer base?
Greg Peters: Yes. We don't have a set position on a ceiling. I mean, I'm sure, you can look at pay TV as a potential markers for where people have spent before, but we really actually don't think of it so much as defined by that. We see it as an opportunity to continue the process that we've been working on, which is let's continue to try and invest wisely, add more entertainment value. And as we add more entertainment value, then of course, we can go back to our subscribers and ask them to pay a little bit more to keep that virtuous cycle moving. And really the markers for us in terms of the upside potential, more around the hours on TV that we are winning, how many moments of truth we call it that we are winning. Again, less than 10% in our even most mature markets, there's tons of room there. You can use total consumer spend on entertainment in the markets and categories that we compete in. That's between 5% and 6%. So there's just a lot of runway still ahead of us to go do a good job at making that investment happen, deliver more value and then ask folks to pay a little bit more.
Spencer Wang: Great. Next question on pricing comes from [Mark Shmulik] of Bernstein. Can you please share progress on how the retirement of the basic plan is going in the U.K. and Canada? And is there any color you can share on if when we could expect a similar rollout in the U.S.? Greg, why don't you take that one?
Greg Peters: Yes. As we shared in the Q4 '23 letter, we were planning on retiring our basic plan in some of our ads countries. We've now started that process in Canada and the U.K. and very similar to what you saw us do with paid sharing, we're going to work hard to make this a smooth transition. Part of that is listening to our members before we make any further moves. So we've got nothing more to announce and we really want to see how this goes. Yes. We know that this is a change for our basic members, but we think we've got a strong offering for them. They're going to get more for less, two streams versus one, we've got higher definition, we've got downloads, all at a lower price. And of course, it goes without saying hopefully that members can always choose our ads free plans as well if they prefer.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Greg. A couple of questions on overall capital allocation. So these would be for Spence, primarily from John Blackledge of TD Cowen. Excuse me, you mentioned evolving capital allocation strategy in your investor letter with the - with your new investment-grade status. Can you please talk about changes in how investors will see that change?
Spence Neumann: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. It's really quite a modest evolution of our capital allocation strategy to better reflect our investment-grade status. And that's really what it is. We're still going to have the same financial policies and principles in terms of prioritizing profitable growth by reinvesting in our core business, maintaining a healthy balance sheet with ample liquidity and returning excess cash beyond several billion dollars on the balance sheet of minimum cash and anything that we use for selective M&A to return to shareholders through share repurchase. So really the only change is that now that we're solidly investment grade, we're going to - while we will hold still several billion dollars in cash on the balance sheet, we won't have the same marker of two months of revenue - the equivalent of two months of revenue on the balance sheet. So it allows us to be a bit more efficient there. We also upsized our revolver, which was announced today, up to $3 billion from $1 billion, which also gives us more access to capital and better cash efficiency. And then again, any cash beyond that, we'll return to shareholders. We've historically been mostly a build versus buy company with select strategic kind of acceleration through M&A. And that there's nothing right now planned, but that still is kind of our philosophy is to build predominantly. And we're also going to kind of refinance our existing kind of debt as those maturities approach, but we don't plan to kind of lever up through stock buyback. We want to - we really do value that balance sheet flexibility.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Spence. Last question on capital allocation for you. This comes from Vikram of Baird. What are your latest thoughts on the appropriate level of content spend for the business beyond 2024. Specifically, in the past, you have referenced a 1.1 cash content spend to amortization ratio. Is that still the case? And what would you need to see in an opportunity to meaningfully exceed that framework?
Spence Neumann: Yes. It still holds. It still holds. So still basically the short of it is we're really kind of managing to that. So as we said, we've been like - we've been focused on driving that acceleration of our revenue growth, continuing to grow our business, grow our profitability. As we do that, we would expect to continue to grow our content investment as we have historically into the highest impact areas, but also be quite disciplined there. So we want to grow our free cash flow. So we believe we can manage to that roughly 1.1 times of cash content spend relative to expense on the P&L and that leads to overall revenue growth, increased profit, profit margins, growing free cash flow. And that still gives us a lot of opportunity to spend into the all those kind of content and entertainment categories that Greg and Ted have been talking about.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. We have a few more minutes left. So we'll wrap-up with a few higher-level questions. The next one comes from Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs. And I think both Ted and Greg can tackle this one. The question is, what are your thoughts on the competitive impact from short form video consumption?
Ted Sarandos: So I look at how - what people watch and when they watch it, have a lot to do with one another. What are the choices and how much time do they have. So our version of short-form is more like giving our members the ability to watch 10 minutes of an episode of a series that they're binging right now if they only have 10 minutes. But some and those when I look at the short-form viewing on YouTube and TikTok, some of it is adjacent and quite complementary to our viewing. So our trailers or creators expressing their fandom for our shows like doing posting a Wednesday Dance or Ugly Crying, Watching One Day, all those kind of things that become viral sensations and actually increase the fandom of our shows. Now that being said, some of that viewing is directly competitive with us, the same as it is with other media companies who provide content to YouTube by way of example. The art of this has always been finding the right balance of both. So and also would point out that these platforms have been a way to have new voices emerge, and we've got our eye on them as well to try to develop them into the next-generation of great storytellers on Netflix.
Spencer Wang: Great. And I think for our final question, we'll take that from Dan Salmon of New Street Research. What is the opportunity for Netflix to leverage generative AI technology in the near and long-term. What do you think great storytellers should be focused on as this technology continues to emerge quickly. I'll turn that over to Greg, please.
Greg Peters: Yes, worth noting, I think that we've been leveraging advanced technologies like ML for almost two decades. These technologies are the foundation for our recommendation systems that help us find these largest audiences for our titles and deliver the most satisfaction for our members. So we're excited to continue to involve and improve those systems as new technologies emerge and are developed. And we also think we're well-positioned to be in the vanguard of adoption and application of those new approaches from our just general capabilities that we've developed and how we've already developed systems that do all these things. We also think that we have the opportunity to develop and deliver new tools to creators to allow them to tell their stories in even more compelling ways. That's great for them. It's great for the stories and it's great for our members. And what should storytellers be focused on. I think storytellers should be focused on great storytelling. It is incredibly hard and incredibly complex to deliver thrilling stories through film, through series, through games. And storytellers have a unique and critical role in making that happen and we don't see that changing.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you very much, Greg. And we are now out of time. So I want to thank you all for taking the time to listen into our earnings call. And we look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thank you

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-23 16:45:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Hello, and welcome to the Netflix Q4 2023 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. We do have a few changes to our interview format this quarter. First, we are live streaming this over YouTube. So hopefully it's working. I guess we'll find out shortly enough. Second, we've collected questions from the analyst community, and I'll be reading those questions and moderating the interview. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary.
A - Spencer Wang: With that, let's dive first into the first set of questions, which is about our new partnership with WWE that we announced this morning. For Ted, the first question comes from Dan Salmon. Can you please expand on the decision to acquire WWE Raw rights? Is the WWE audience, one that is underpenetrated for Netflix today? And can you expand on the economics or the cost of the deal, please?
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Dan. If I could raise a single eyebrow one at a time, I would lean into the camera with the single eyebrow and do my best wink. But I'm going to say instead that we are thrilled to bring this WWE Live programming to our members around the world. WWE Raw is sports entertainment, which is right in the sweet spot of our sports business, which is the drama of sport. Think of this as 52 weeks of live programming every week, every year. It feeds our desire to expand our live event programming. But most importantly, fans love it. For decades, the WWE has grown this multigenerational fan base that we believe we could serve and we can grow. We believe that WWE has been historically under distributed outside of North America. And this is a global deal. So we can help them and they can help us build that fandom around the world. And not to - I should add that this should also add some fuel to our new and growing ad business. We're very excited about this deal.
Spencer Wang: And Ted, did you want to comment on the economics or the cost of the deal?
Ted Sarandos: No, we don't comment on the economics of any of our deals. I would just say this is a long-term deal that we're really happy to be in with the WWE.
Spencer Wang: Right. Our next question comes from Rich Greenfield of LightShed. Rich, first wants me to say great quarter to you all and his question is, should we think about the WWE deal as fitting into your existing plans to spend roughly $17 billion a year in programming? Or is this expansion into live going to drive overall spending higher? And lastly, could you talk about the opportunities to create shoulder programming around WWE similar to Drive to Survive?
Ted Sarandos: Well, expanding into live event programming is something we've talked about for quite a while, and this has been in the works, so we used to look at this as fits inside of our $17 billion programming spend now. So - and in terms of building on it, you should think about Formula One as - like this is almost the inverse of Formula One, which is a very big and passionate U.S. fan base and a lot of room to grow outside of the U.S. And we could build that as we have with Formula One, and other sports like through our shoulder programming, like Drive to Survive, like Full Swing, like Breakpoint, like Quarterbacks, like Tour de France. And now with this great storytelling the events itself are the storytelling of the WWE. So this is a proven formula for us that we're excited to jump into. This is sports entertainment, very close to our core. The deal is long term. We're super excited about it.
Spencer Wang: Great. And the WWE partnership has spurred a lot of questions around our broader approach to sports, including a question from Ben Swinburne, but I'll read Michael Nathanson's question since he got it in first. So Ted, given the news today, is it safe to presume that you will now be interested in similar types of global sports rights like the NBA or UFC, why is the WWE more attractive than those rights?
Ted Sarandos: So unique to those other opportunities, WWE is sports entertainment. So it's really as close to our core as you can get of that sports storytelling. So - and in terms of the deal itself, it has options and the protections that we seek in our general licensing deals and with economics that we're super happy with globally. So I would not look at this as a signal of any other change or any change to our sports strategy.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thank you, Ted. I'll move this along now to a series of questions regarding our results and the forecast. First, coming from Mark Mahaney of Evercore and this is for Spence. How should we think about ARM growth going forward? Is mid-single-digit percentage increase a reasonable benchmark? And what are the factors that could create either upside or downside to that growth outlook?
Spencer Neumann: Sure, sure. Thanks, Mark. So well, first, stepping back, 2023, as a reminder, was a pretty unusual year for us. It was essentially all member-driven growth because our pricing and plans focus in '23 was on rolling out paid sharing. We had almost no price increases until late in the year in '23. And even then, it was just a partial quarter impact. As we look to '24, as we noted in the letter for 2024, we expect healthy double-digit FX-neutral revenue growth, including growth in FX-neutral ARM. So we expect continued member growth powered by a grade slate, including the full year impact of our 2023 net adds carrying into 24 and no change to our pricing philosophy. You saw some of that pricing action already in the past quarter. And we should get some help from extra members and starting to scale our ads business. But as we said, ads won't be a primary driver in '24. So when you look beyond in general, over kind of multiple years, '24 and beyond, we're focused on continually improving our service. If we do that well, we'll have more members or more value that we can occasionally price into and lots of engagement to build a big and profitable ads business. So healthy revenue growth with a mixture of volume and ARM, that's really the output. And I'll probably disappoint because I'm not going to provide a specific guide on ARM because we managed overall revenue growth, but we want ARM to be a component of that growth. Just that it could move up or down based on things in any given year like FX, like the place at which we're scaling our ads reach and some lag that could happen in terms of monetizing that reach and just generally, our pricing and planned strategy more broadly in a given year.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. Our next question is from Steve Cahall from Wells Fargo for Greg. The question is once a subscriber and ARM benefits from paid sharing begin to diminish in 2024 what do you think are the biggest incremental opportunities to continue to drive subscriber and revenue growth, what types of additional content or additional member benefits provide the best ROI to help sustain healthy revenue growth?
Greg Peters: Well, we're excited to be at the point where we've operationalized that paid sharing product work. So it's integrated in everything we do. And we're iterating and improving on it just like we would any other significant part of our product experience. So we think of this essentially as having built a more effective engine for translating the entertainment value that we're creating for our members into revenue. But I think it's critical to understand that, that engine works on top of, and we see it working on top of, very healthy organic growth. You can see it in things like better than forecasted churn, we see better-than-expected impact from the recent price changes we did. And that's the model, essentially, right? If we continue to improve our core offering, that means more diversity and more quality from our members' perspective in our films and series, now adding the live events programming to add even more value, continue to grow games and the entertainment value that we're delivering through those, then our paid sharing work and our ads work creates a more effective engine to translate all that value into revenue growth. And will support increased conversion of our addressable market in many years to come.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Greg. The next question is from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. And I'll direct this one to Spence. The $13 million plus pay net adds in Q4 was strong overall and across all regions, but EMEA seemed to drive particular upside. Is there anything specific to point out there, perhaps the ad tier or specific content or localized pricing perhaps?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, thanks. Well, actually, EMEA is sort of a perfect example of a little bit of what Greg was just talking about. So first, it starts with great slate performance, a great content performance. We had a really strong slate across EMEA from The Crown finale in the U.K., to - in France, we had Blood Coast and Lupin and Class Act. We had Berlin, Elite and Nowhere in Spain and Poland, 1670 and much more, frankly. So it starts with that strong slate. And then by channel, Greg's last answer that kind of better value translation engine, if you will, which drives even more growth through our paid sharing solutions and our monetization engine. So that helped as well. So it really all came together in EMEA this past quarter. And I'll say, very importantly, it's not just net ads. It's again, our primary focus is on revenue growth. We had very strong revenue growth as a result of that in EMEA this past quarter. 13% FX neutral growth in Q4.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. Doug also has a follow-up question around paid sharing, which I will direct to Greg. How far along are you in terms of the paid sharing benefits? Do you still believe paid sharing will add subscribers for several more quarters? And is there any way to quantify what percentage of the 100 million borrower household population have either become extra members or full paying subscribers?
Greg Peters: Yes. As I mentioned, we've gotten to the point where paid sharing, the paid sharing product experience is just something we do at this point. But also, I think it's important to say that like many other things that we do, we also see a real opportunity to continue to materially improve that value translation engine. So we definitely delivered interventions to new cohorts in the last quarter. We're going to continue to deliver to new cohorts in 2024. But increasingly, I sort of don't think about it as like going after these certain pools, but more about just finding the most effective way to convert folks who are using the service, the right call to action, the right nudge at the right time. And those might have been historical borrowers or folks that are new to the service as well. And we're going to continue to improve that engine. That will continue to improve our growth for years ahead, not just 2024.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'll now transition us to a series of questions around advertising. For Greg, Dan Salmon from New Street Research. His question is, what are some of your most important milestones for the advertising business in 2024? Do you have a target level of MAUs or ad member households, what sorts of improvements to ad tech or measurement are you seeking and perhaps any new country launches for your ads plan?
Greg Peters: Yes. Our top ads priority, you've heard us say before, I think you'll hear us say it again, is scale. We saw a 70% quarter-on-quarter growth last quarter. That's after 70% quarter-over-quarter for the quarter before and then 100% the quarter before that. So that's a good trajectory to be on. We're now at 23 million MAUs, and we see that continuing to grow in the quarters ahead. As to your point about what's the target, every market is different. There's not a magic MAU number, but I think it's fair to say that we've still got plenty of room to grow in all the markets that we operate in. And we're focused on the additional work that we can do in that space. That means making the ads plan more attractive. We've added streams, higher resolution, downloads. It means engaging partner channels. You see us do more of that. Shifting our plans and pricing structure in other places where we think it's appropriate. So all that works ahead of us. We know we can do tremendous amounts in that space, and we're going to go do it over the next quarters. Second priority, you mentioned this, which is really growing the technical advertising features and growing our go-to-market capabilities. And these are features like targeting, improved ad relevance. That's good for members. It's good for brands. We've got tons to do on improved measurement. We want to launch more ads products. We've got binge ad sponsorships now. And we have to build increasingly the capability to be better partners with advertisers and serve their needs. So this is better sales teams, ad operations and just more capability to meet brands where they need us and how they need us. So we're focused on the long-term revenue potential here. We're very optimistic about it. It's a huge opportunity, $180 billion of ad spend ex-China and Russia, $25 billion alone on Connected TV. We know ad dollars follow engagement. We've got the most engaged audience. So we believe we're well positioned to capture some of that ad spend that shifts from linear to streaming.
Spencer Wang: Great. And Greg, any thoughts to Dan's question around launching an ads plan in other countries in addition to the 12 countries we're in today?
Greg Peters: Thanks for reminding me on that one. I would say we got a ton of work ahead of us on just getting to the level of maturity and impact to the business from the countries that we're operating in today. I would say, never say never on expanding beyond that, but it's worth noting that the countries that we are currently operating in represent about 80% of global ad spend. So we're already working in the spaces where there's the majority of opportunity. We'll see in the fullness of time, but I'd say we've got years of work ahead of us to take the ads business to the point where it's a material impact to our general business.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Greg. From Steve Cahall from Wells Fargo. How do you think about the efficacy of continuing to use a third-party relationship for ad sales versus the opportunity to invest in your own ad tech and ad sales infrastructure? Do you have a sense of what kind of investment would be required to transact more directly with advertisers?
Greg Peters: Yes. And just to clarify, we are already in partnership with Microsoft developing part of the technology that supports our ads experience. So they've got a large team working on some of those features that I just mentioned, but we've got a smaller, but growing team, working on the areas where we can differentially contribute to. And then similarly on the ad sales and the go-to-market side of things, we're building out our own teams that cover a portion of the sales and operations activities. So I think you asked in terms of what's the size of investment, we have plans to continue to grow those teams. So those are both growing at a pretty strong clip and growing that investment. But we've modeled out where what we think we need. And even with those investment levels and the growth that we expect that we see, we expect the margins on the ad business to remain very high.
Spencer Wang: Great. Thanks Greg. A question from Rich Greenfield on advertising. Later this week, T-Mobile's subscriber benefit called Netflix on Us, will convert to Netflix's ad tier unless subscribers upgrade to an ad-free tier? Is it reasonable to assume that your U.S. ad-supported subscriber base will roughly double as a result of this change? And assuming it is, how quickly will you be able to fill that inventory?
Greg Peters: Yes. I won't get into the specifics of a particular deal or provide a forecast for a particular deal, but I'll just say that just as we've done for many, many years, leveraging partner channels is an important part of our subscriber growth strategy. We're applying the same techniques and approaches to scaling our ads membership. And we love having this additional tool. It's very effective, very useful for us because that lower consumer-facing price means that we got room now to bundle the ads plan into a set of lower-priced partner offerings where it was hard to make the economics work for everyone previously. So it opens up a whole new range of opportunities. It's great for new members as well who are leveraging those bundles. They get a better plan than basic, more streams, higher resolution with downloads. And of course, the real benefit is they get access to all these amazing stories at a lower effective price through the bundle. So we really think of this as a win-win-win and we're going to continue to leverage these bundles going forward. And I think Rich asked how we think about - how could we fill the supply. I mean when you're building - growing as fast as we're growing right now, it creates a lot of challenges you might expect to then fill behind that. But I'd much rather be in that position where we're growing that inventory and then racing behind to fill it and improve our monetization than the reverse. So I'm happy to have that challenge.
Spencer Wang: Super. I'll now move us along to a series of questions related to content. So Ted, from Jason Helfstein of Oppenheimer. Are you shifting the mix of your content spend to more licensed second-run content? And if so, how should we think about this mix impacting Netflix's operating margins?
Ted Sarandos: So we've always had a healthy appetite for licensing content from others for our members. I don't see any meaningful change in that mix. And the current margin outlook contemplates a healthy mix between originals and licensed titles. It might be that we can deliver more on our programming spend with some licensed titles, but we also believe that we deliver an incredible amount of value, excitement and differentiation with our original series. Remember, our original series made up the number - we're the number 1 most watched original 48 of 52 weeks last year. So we really don't have any plans to move away from those investments.
Spencer Wang: Great. And another question for you, Ted, from Rich on content. While Netflix data clearly shows that new original movies outperformed licensed titles in terms of viewers and viewed hours, it doesn't appear that new movie - those new movies are having the same cultural impact the TV series have. Do the recent management departures or the willingness of Hollywood Studios to license post theatrical movies on Netflix, signaling sort of meaningful shift in our film strategy towards licensing away from original production?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. No, look, our original movies are attracting some of the biggest audiences in the world. Look at Leave the World Behind in Q4. Look at all those crazy names about the creepy deers they were all over the place when the movie came out or look at Society of the Snow from Spain right now this morning was nominated for two Oscars or even look back last year, Jennifer Lopez's great movie, The Mother. By some accounts, it was the most watched movie in the world last year. So I think about it that fans really don't care much about budgets and windows. They just want a movie that they love. They want a movie to make a cry or make them laugh or giving something great to talk about over dinner. As you point out, our original films do outperform those license films, and they do uniquely distinguish us from the competition. Just this morning, our original films got 18 Oscar nominations across 10 different films. So we do not plan to change our strategy or the mix. It's always going to be that kind of blend of first window, second window and deep catalog. We think that formula works best to entertain the world.
Spencer Wang: Great. And as a follow-up to that question around licensing, Ted, your competitors have largely abandoned their opposition to licensing catalog content in Netflix. We've seen, for example, NBC Suits, HBOs, Six Feet Under and more recently, a series of Disney TV titles on Netflix. Do you think your competitors should begin licensing you their new original series as well versus keeping them exclusively to their own streaming services?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. I mean I guess I'd call you back to that history again and just say we've got a rich history of helping break some of the TV's biggest hits like Breaking Bad and Walking Dead or even more recently with Schitt's Creek. Because of our recommendation and our reach, we can resurrect a show like Suits and turn it into a big pop culture moment but also generate billions of hours of joy for our members. So I think you got to remember the studios have always been in the business of selling their content to others, including direct competitors for years. I believe because, again, of our distribution heft and our recommendation system that sometimes we can uniquely add more value to Studios' IP than they can. Not all the time, but sometimes it does, and we're the best buyer for it. So I am thrilled that the studios are more open to licensing again, and I'm thrilled to tell them that we are open for business.
Spencer Wang: Great. And a question on animation and animated features from Rich Greenfield as well for Ted is, Leo, Netflix's most successful animated film to date. It's been heavily watched based on our top 10 data. Is there any color you can provide on repeat viewing the film? And why has this animated feature film resonated versus other Netflix animated feature films?
Ted Sarandos: I think Leo has resonated for the same reason that CB's did last year. It's great. People really love it. It brings a lot of joy to families. And yes, they do watch them over and over again, which drives a lot of engagement, but also drives a lot of attachment. I think that Leo and CB's are proof points that we have the flywheel to create original IP in that animated space, and there is so much appetite for animated feature. Seven of the top 10 most watched movies since Nielsen has been tracking streaming are animated features. So I'm super thrilled with Leo. We're kicking around the Leo 2 right now and a film that works on so many levels. The animation - the art of the animation is beautiful. The comedy is funny and families just really love it. So we look forward to a lot more. We have Spellbound coming up next year. We're just really thrilled with our - that the animation team is now firing on all cylinders.
Spencer Wang: Moving along to engagement. This question is from Bryan Kraft of Deutsche Bank, and I'll direct this one to Ted. What have the engagement trends been like globally and domestically? Has it been steady, increasing or decreasing? And how has paid sharing impacted engagement per member?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. So we're really thrilled with our engagement trends domestically and globally. This is really a story about viewing moving from linear television to streaming. The story has been constant and it continues. It's also a story about Netflix kind of leading the way with professional film and television and now games. Our engagement is a bit impacted by our paid sharing. Think about it like fewer households using the same account. So as those folks spin off and get their own accounts and we win them over with our programming, that will normalize and continue to grow. We're really pleased with our engagement. We have shown you in graphic detail what that engagement looks like on a title-by-title basis in this engagement report we just released. And I think you see in that report about two hours of daily engagement with our members, which is great. And you've seen that some of our hits and even our near hits are attracting enormous audiences. So we have to keep pleasing them, and we have to do that in multiple languages in multiple countries and all over the world. And that's we're excited about, and it's showing up in that engagement.
Spencer Wang: Great. Let's move on to gaming. A couple of questions on gaming. First from Justin Patterson at KeyBanc for Greg. The gaming portfolio expanded significantly last year and even added more mainstream titles like Grand Theft Auto Trilogy. How are you thinking about sizing the investment in this area how has engagement changed over the past year? And what are the signals you're evaluating to gauge when it's time to monetize?
Greg Peters: Yes. Well, we're stoked by the performance of GTA. We had high hopes, but it exceeded even those high hopes. So that's a - it's a great place to be. So the biggest download and engagement numbers that we've seen so far. We were in the top mobile game downloads for several weeks, which shows it was not only big for us, but big numbers for mobile gaming in general. And beyond any specific title, we've tripled game engagement over the last year. So that's a solid growth trajectory for us. Games, it's a huge opportunity, $140 billion in consumer spend, ex-China and Russia. And we believe we can build games as strong components, and other content category to deliver entertainment value to our subscribers. But to your question on size of investment, we thought about this as we've got to allocate enough to the initiative to ensure that we're playing to win, that we have enough activity in the space that we're learning and growing, but also recognizing that we had a tremendous amount to learn and a tremendous set of institutional capabilities to develop. And we wanted to make sure that we weren't growing that investment significantly before proving to ourselves that we can actually effectively translate that investment into member value. So things are going well. We continue to see this level of engagement growth and we continue to see what we've been seeing so far, which is evidence, as we would expect, that, that engagement leads to business benefits like increased retention, then we'll be able to scale that investment appropriately. Having said all of that, it's still, I'll use the early days, words that we love to use. And it's worth noting that our games investment is a very small fraction of our overall content budget right now.
Spencer Wang: Great. Greg, a second question on gaming from Michael Packer of Wedbush. He asked, given the outperformance of Grand Theft Auto Trilogy on the Netflix service, will you reconsider your focus on games available exclusively on the service? Asking you will seek to emulate the success of Grand Theft Auto by offering games like Candy Crush or Fortnite on Netflix as well?
Greg Peters: Yes. Licensing games, existing games with often with some form of exclusivity, that's been a key part of our strategy, and it's going to continue to be so. We've clearly seen, one of the things that we've learned is that recognizable games, that's either existing popular game titles or game franchises or games that are based on well-known IP, and in many cases, that's IP from our own films and series, those are the ones that are working the best for us right now. So we're going to continue to find the right opportunities to bring those kind of titles to our members. We're going to look for more great licensing and some exclusive licensing, so we can do things more like what you've seen us do last quarter with GTA, but also other titles like Football Manager 2024, which performed very well for us. Money Heist or La Casa de Papel, which was great. You'll see it this quarter with titles like Virgin River, so that's definitely the strategy that we're on, and you'll see us do more of that work.
Spencer Wang: Great. We have a question also from John Hunlock of UBS. This one, I'll point to Greg, but Spence, you can feel free to join in as well. The question is, how should we think about pricing changes in the rest of the world now that you are through the majority of the password sharing implementation and in light of the recent price adjustments in the U.S., U.K. and France?
Greg Peters: Yes. As we had talked about previously, we largely put price increases on hold while we were rolling out the paid sharing work because we saw that as a form of substitute price increase. Now that we're through that, we're able to resume our sort of standard approach towards price increases. You've seen us do that in the U.S., U.K. and France. Those changes went well, better than we forecasted. And we'll continue to then monitor other countries and try and assess when we've delivered enough additional entertainment value, we look at engagement retention acquisition as a signal is there. so that we can go back to members and ask them to pay a bit more to keep that positive flywheel going. And we can invest in more great film series and games for those members. So the summary statement might be back to business as usual. And Spence, I don't know if you wanted to add anything there?
Spencer Neumann: I think you nailed it, you're on a roll. So it's good.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'll move us along now to a couple of questions on competition and the competitive landscape. The first question comes from Maria Ripps of Canaccord Genuity. With ads coming to Prime Video at the end of this month, and given Amazon is making it the default option for its prime members, could you talk about how you are positioning Netflix relative to the competition when you're speaking with advertisers? Could you also comment on if Netflix considered making the ad tier the default option similar to Amazon? And what were some of the puts and takes about that decision? So I'll turn that one over to you, Greg.
Greg Peters: Yes. We did consider making it the default option. But given our long history of not having ads, we thought it was better for our members rather than force them into a change and give them ads. But better to attract them to the ads plan for the ones that wanted it based on the benefits, more streams, higher resolution downloads and of course, the lower price to be able to access all these incredible stories. So I mentioned the growth numbers we were seeing previously and the rate of growth we are on. So I think that approach is generally working well for our members, and we haven't seen any big backlash as a result, which is positive as well. And then in terms of competitive positioning, probably the most important thing to start with is the market's big, right? We talked about over $25 billion in CTV ad spend alone. So there's room for multiple players, clearly. And when we think about how we compete for some of that ad spend, I really think we need to play to our strengths. We've got an incredibly engaged audience, the most engaged audience who are watching the most culture-defining films, series and live events. That is an important place for brands to be, and it's something that differentiates us from our competitors. So that's the space that we're going to play in.
Spencer Wang: Super. Another question on competition. This one probably best for Ted and Spence to take. It comes from Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. How does the current competitive landscape or content impact the trajectory of Netflix's own content spending in 2024 and beyond? Is it possible that the company could widen its competitive moat on the same or lower absolute amount of content spend?
Ted Sarandos: I think it's always been a competitive place for the top programming. I think that will continue. And that's really what I think what you're talking about is whether when the top titles come to market when the big packages come and everyone's duking it out for them is going to remain to be pretty competitive. I think that we are reinvesting at a very healthy rate. We see that in the engagement. We see that in the retention, and we see that in the subscriber growth. So I don't think this would be the time to try to test that. And Spence, do you think differently, but...
Spencer Neumann: Yes. I would just say - just to reinforce that, I mean, we've seen the benefits over time of continuous improvement, great execution and focus and kind of gradually building our business and doing it really well and thrilling our members. And so you see it like we are increasing our content spend and coming out of the strikes in '23. We're trying to get back up to as much as $17 billion of cash content spend this year. And as we've also said over the last few years as we kind of reaccelerate our revenue growth, which we're seeing in the business, we hope to sustain that healthy revenue growth, grow profit and profit margins over time and then reinvest a good portion of that back in the business, which means increasing our content spend. So we do plan to do that, but we want to do it in a smart, judicious, responsible way. And obviously, today's even announcement with WWE is a case in point. We believe we have room to do that while still staying very disciplined in terms of our overall content spend in our business performance.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. I think the perception of overserving thrilling content to our members has served us pretty well.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. And we've got lots of room to grow, obviously. And so we just want to do it in a disciplined way. No question, yes.
Spencer Wang: Another question from Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. A bigger picture question. Given the scale of audience that has been built by Netflix, how do you think about the potential for new areas to widen your exposure to verticals or formats of media consumption? I think maybe Eric is referring to short-form content or, things like that, Ted.
Ted Sarandos: I would kind of call back to something that Greg alluded to earlier. In the areas of business that are in our core, movies, television and now games, the - that business, we're getting - we're capturing about 5% of consumer spending. In our most mature markets, we're getting about 10% of TV time. So in our very core business, we still have an enormous room to grow. So when I look at that, it doesn't make me think about searching for more inorganic growth in different kinds of programming. There's so much room to grow in this bit of programming that we're kind of hopefully getting better and better at it for our members every day. So there's a lot of adjacent businesses that are not necessarily competitive and are certainly complementary in some ways. Some of those platforms that you're talking about maybe in the user-generated space have turned out to be great marketing tools for our professional content. So I think we're rightfully focused, I think, on the core of professional storytelling.
Spencer Wang: Great. I'm going to move this over to a few questions around capital allocation. The first is from Brian Pitz of BMO Capital Markets. Basically, the question for Spence is, can you help us frame your M&A views over the next 12 months? Is there the possibility for mobile gaming, aqua-hire or what other sorts of M&A activity would Netflix be interested in?
Spencer Neumann: Well, thanks, Brian. We're not going to speculate on kind of potential M&A activity. But as you know, our historical bias is to build and not buy. We try to be very responsible in terms of our capital allocation philosophy. We hold a modest amount of debt. We're currently holding $10 billion to $15 billion of gross debt. We fully fund our business and new initiatives. You see that in terms of our investment into ads, into live, into games, while still growing the business. And we'll look at selective accelerators to that organic growth. We have done that. But we're not interested in some of the big linear assets that may or may not be available. We also noticed that - noted that in the letter. And so I think that's how you should kind of think about our out there to go after.
Spencer Wang: And staying with you, Spence, another question on the capital allocation. This one coming from Alan Gould of Loop Capital. We know your general rule of thumb is to have cash equal to two months of revenue. How big of a factor is the current stock price and your buyback activity and some of your debt begins maturing over the next few years? What do you believe is the optimal leverage ratio to maximize shareholder value?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. So I'm glad you asked because I missed the last piece of our capital allocation philosophy, which is to hold about two months of revenue in the form of cash on the balance sheet and then to return the excess cash to shareholders over time. We've done that in the form of buyback. And so with a little over kind of $7 billion of cash on the balance sheet at the end of the year. And with, as you say, the kind of the - our expectation for strong cash flow build in the year, roughly $6 billion is what we're projecting at current FX rates for 2024. You can expect that we'll continue to return excess cash to shareholders through the buyback. We don't try to time the kind of stock price. So we really are caught in more in a, call it, more of a price averaging sort of approach and that we buy back over time as we have excess cash. And then in terms of optimal leverage ratio, look, we are fortunate to you have continued to strengthen our balance sheet. We had a recent upgrade from Moody's in Q4. We continue to grow into that investment-grade balance sheet. But we we're pretty intentionally underleveraged, frankly. We think the optimal - without getting overly specific, we think - essentially, as I said, our capital allocation strategy has served us well and that philosophy served us well over the past handful of years. And we think that flexibility in the balance sheet also serves us well to adapt to a quite dynamic industry.
Spencer Wang: Great. I think we'll wrap up with one final question. It's actually one question we've gotten from several different analysts. And in the spirit of WWE, probably a good one for Ted and Greg to tag team on. The question is, what are your key 2024 priorities? Maybe, Greg, first to you?
Greg Peters: Sure. I think you've heard us express this multiple times this call. But we just - we see so much potential and so much opportunity ahead of us in our core business. We got hundreds of millions of qualified households out there that are still yet to sign up for Netflix. I can't believe it, but they're there, and we've got to win them over. There's many hours, like billions of hours of TV time that we are not currently winning. Growing along those two dimensions, more households and more moments of truth. We call them more entertainment value delivered is the key priority for us. We want to improve our entertainment offering to do that. That means delivering more stories that our members love. Films, series, games, now live events. That's the key to that success. And then on top of that, we're focusing on improving how we translate all that additional entertainment value into revenue and improved operating margin. It means growing our ads business. It means growing general plans and pricing optimization. That's the major area of work there. So that's where we're going to be focused on for 2024, and we're super excited to do it. So with that, I'm - I'll tag team to my partner, co-CEO.
Ted Sarandos: We'll do that instead of a sleeper hold. Look, I think everything you said is 100%, Greg, and I think it all is built on the foundation of movies and TV Series and games that people love, can't live without, talk about, can't wait to get back to post about that drives the conversation, that drives this love for programming and entertainment. So we're to start with that with next week. Griselda, brand new show from the makers of Narcos starting Sofia Vergara, that's insane. It's so good. Following the success of One Piece, we've got a brand-new Avatar, The Last Airbender coming for fans. We've got The Three-Body Problem based on one of the top-selling science fiction books of all time from the creators of Game of Thrones. We have a new show from the U.K., from Guy Ritchie called The Gentleman that's insanely fun. And we're back with returning seasons of Bridgerton of Emily in Paris of Diplomat of Squid Game. And on top of that, great movies, like the second part of Rebel Moon coming up, Damsel with Millie Bobby Brown, Jennifer Lopez's new film, Atlas, Hitman which drove everybody crazy at Sundance last night. And Eddie Murphy and Beverly Hills Cop 4 from Axle Foley and so much more. It's just - it's so fun and this is a never-ending mission to continue to improve this for our members and make sure that we're bringing them all the joy that we can. I want to thank all the teams at Netflix, who have made that possible in 2023 and will in 2024. So I'm very excited, and I'll throw it back to you, Spencer.
Spencer Wang: Awesome. Thank you so much, Ted. Thank you, Greg. Thank you, Spence, for entering the questions from analysts. I also want to thank our audience for tuning into our first ever live streamed video format. We look forward to your feedback and in the spirit of continuous improvement and Netflix on everything, we look forward to getting better at this over time. So thank you all again, and we'll see you next quarter.
Greg Peters: Thank you, everybody.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-18 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2023 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos; and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. Jessica, let me turn it over to you now for your first question.
Q - Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. So let's start with you, Ted. Now that one strike is over, the Writers Guild, what are the implications for your business?
Theodore Sarandos: Thanks, Jessica. Let me first say, we want nothing more than to resolve this and get everyone back to work. That's true for Netflix. That's true for every member of the [NPTP]. It's why our member CEOs have prioritized these negotiations above everything else we are doing. We spent hours and hours with SAG-AFTRA over the last few weeks, and we were actually very optimistic that we are making progress. But then at the very end of our last session together, the Guild presented this new demand that kind of on top of everything for a per subscriber levy unrelated to viewing or success, and this really broke our momentum, unfortunately. But you should know, we are incredibly and totally committed to ending this strike. The industry, our communities and the economy are all hurting. So we need to get a deal done that respects all sides as soon as we possibly can. In terms of the impact, these are the times that I'm glad we have such a rich and deep and broad programming selection. Programming costs themselves rise nearly every year, primarily driven by competition. Competition for talent, competition for shows and films. And you can see we've managed successfully through that year on year on year. And the same is true for  during COVID when we were able to manage the slate through a prolonged and pretty unpredictable production interruptions. But I really think we are not really that focused right there on it and how this impacts much, except for our biggest opportunity, which is to continue improving the quality of the slate. We focused on that day-in, day-out, year-in, year-out. And I'm incredibly pleased with Bela and the team and the progress that they are making. So if you'll indulge me for just a second, I just would draw your attention to the Q4 slate as an example of that, headlined by the return of The Crown for its final season. This is one of the most ambitious television shows in the history of television. We have a new season of Big Mouth, history  a new season of [Elite], the launch of Berlin, which is a spin-off from our La Casa de Papel, our Money Heist franchise, and new limited series like All the Light We Cannot See from Shawn Levy. That's Incredible and Bodies from the UK. And that's just on the TV side. And on the film side, one of our strongest quarters ever. We have this enormous Sci-Fi Spectacular from Zack Snyder, Rebel Moon, a new film from David Fincher, The Killer and these films that just lit up the fall film festivals recently, like May, December from Todd Haynes and Bradley Cooper's Maestro, The Dock Feature, American Symphony. That's all coming in Q4. And for family viewing too, we've got a new animated feature from Adam Sandler, [indiscernible] Leo, that's hysterical, Chicken Run 2, which is a sequel to the most successful stop-motion animation film ever, and a new series from the CoComelon World called CoComelon Lane, Family Switch from Director McG, sorry, it's Jennifer Garner and Ed Helms. So it's an incredible slate, something new and exciting for all taste, all moods, all ages, and we're just super proud of the team that they've been able to manage through this and still deliver so much joy for our members.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: One more on strike-related like just the aftermath, you discussed at a recent conference, giving talent more transparency. Could you talk about what that looks like? What are the new metrics talent will be paid on? And is it even standardized across the industry?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Look, what I talked about there was heading towards a world that we're streaming data will be much more readily available. Remember, streaming itself is not that exotic anymore. We've been doing it for 15 years. So we  at the beginning, we thought there was a hard kind of apples and oranges comparison to ratings and streaming. And I think we've gotten to a place where it's mostly about engagement and that does capture the value of watching and that things will become much more transparent the way TV has always had ratings and music has always had billboard and the theatrical has always had box office. So it will be much more common for the data to be fully transparent. What I didn't mention though is that part of that  of our reason for not publishing early was part of our promise with creators. At the time we started creating original program, our creators felt like they were pretty trapped in this kind of overnight ratings world and weekend box office world defining their success and failures. And as we all know, show might have enormous success down the road and it wasn't captured in that opening box office. So part of this was the relationship with talent, not just the business aspects of it. And I do think that over time, people are much more interested in this. We're on the continuum today of how much data do we publish. I think we've been leading the charge, starting everyone down the path of a top 10, publishing our top 10 list and our annual wrap-up list and everything that give a lot of transparency to the viewing. And I just expect it will be more and more transparent.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Great. Let's move on to page sharing. Have you identified most of the borrowers and can you provide any help in, in how much more is left to go and the challenge in completing the crackdown?
Gregory Peters: Sure. I'll take that one. And I'll start by saying we're just incredibly pleased with how it's been going. And you can see the progress from our membership growth in Q2. Now in Q3, you can see it embedded in the revenue outlook for Q4. I think paid sharing represents the kind of difficult challenge where we needed to balance both important relevant consumer considerations with the importance of ensuring that our business got reasonably paid when we deliver entertainment. And it's an example where we leveraged core executional capabilities that we've been building for over a decade, sort of how you develop good product experiences, how do you solve hard problems through them? How do you have an iterative model where you listen to consumers to tell us what's working and what's not? So we've been excited about that. But because it's such a challenging problem, we're shifting essentially consumers' expectations and what they expect from us. We've always thought that making this change should be done in a steady, considered way. And so our plan has been to stage out this rollout. We've been delivering our product experience to different borrower cohorts according to that plan. And as a result, I think as you're alluding to, there are a number of borrower cohorts, which has, as of today, have not received part of that experience. And just to explain that a bit. I mean, part of the motivation to stage it out is based on technical considerations. So this is our ability to build features and improve model accuracy over time in a way that allows us to ensure that we're accurately developing and applying our interventions and as effective and as positive a way for consumers as possible. Part of that has been just to stage things out based on borrower behavior. So we want to show up with the right product experience at the right moment. That's more likely to convert a borrower over rather than have them spin-off. So we want to think about that from maximizing long-term revenue. So we're going to continue the rollout for the next couple of quarters. I think folks are trying to figure out how much juice is left there. And I would say we anticipate that we will have incremental acquisition, incremental adds for the next several quarters. We've seen that in the last couple of quarters. I think also worth noting that, that was on top of also very healthy organic, meaning not driven by paid sharing growth. So we anticipate seeing that for the next several quarters to come. And then just stepping back, there's a set of borrowers that we're not going to convert. We haven't converted yet. We're not going to convert over the next couple of quarters. But that really represents how we think about paid sharing going forward, which is it's now become part of just our standard way of operating. And we have many hundreds of millions of qualified households out there. There are Smart TV households that we want to win over the next several years. And those borrowers we're not going to convert in the next couple of quarters represent that same group. So we got to go after them the same way we're going after people who have never signed up for Netflix, which is having an incredible content offering and incredible value and get them so excited that they just have to sign up.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right. Moving on to the recent advertising restructuring. Can you talk about why you made the management change and what you would like to accomplish?
Gregory Peters: Yes. First, I'd say Jeremy has done a great job getting us essentially from zero to where we are today. She laid the foundation for the ads business. She's hired and built a burgeoning team of leaders who in turn now are hiring the teams and people who are going to take the business forward. But it's an important time and I think a great time for Amy to come in and extend that great work to build on that foundation and drive our ads business to the next level. And why am I so specifically excited about Amy in the role. First of all, she's a high Netflix tenure employee. She's been with the company for over seven years. She's demonstrated really positive impact and great results in several different roles, but most recently as part of the studio and leading a big global team that is scaling very, very, very quickly, which sounds familiar when you think about where we want to take our ads business. Second, she's got broad entertainment experience, ranging from content licensing, distribution. She's got business development, finance strategy at Netflix and in prior roles. So I think when you think about that assemblage of skills, and you think about the existing ads leadership team that we have that has got a rich, rich history in ads in general and connected TV, especially if you think about somebody like Peter Naylor, who started selling connected TV at Hulu. That's a strong team to take our ads business to the next level. And maybe I'll just  I want to maybe just restate what we think the promise and the opportunity and sort of where we're at on ads business is. And so first of all, just starting off with  this is a $180 billion opportunity when you think about linear TV, you think about connected TV, not including YouTube, not including China and Russia. And we think we're in a great position to win some of those dollars. We've got great content. The brands want to be next to. We're a safe place for brands to exist. We got great engagement from our members. That's a really strong foundation to work with. But we got a lot of work, and we know we have a lot of work to fulfill that potential. Among that work, we've said it many times, I'll say it probably many times going forward. But scale is the number one priority. We're making good progress there. This quarter, we grew our ad plan membership 70% sequentially, quarter-to-quarter. That's on top of the last quarter where we grew at 100% quarter-to-quarter. We now have 30% of our new sign-ups choosing our ads planned in our ads countries. And we've done it by making the ads offering more competitive. We've gotten to over 95% content period with our non-ads plans. We've improved features like a number of streams, the video resolution. We're going to keep doing that. We're adding downloads now. So we'll keep that good trajectory going and keep focusing on it. Second big priority for us is delivering features and products that advertisers want. We've heard again and again, I've heard it this week, a week from advertisers. Top of that list is measurement. We've launched our measurement partnership with Nielsen in the United States this month in October. So we're excited about that. We've got a long list of other partners across other countries that we've got to deliver that same capability in. So we're excited about getting that out. We're also excited about new products. So we've rolled out our top 10 media buy. We're going to roll out our Binge ad product later this year. We're launching more ways to buy programmatically through Microsoft that gives more buyers, more ways to access our inventory. So we've got a lot of work to do here on all of those fronts, but we've always said this is a multi-year build to multi-year progress. We've got a lot that we've got going on, and we're excited about the future to come.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: So now that you've phased out basic for new subs and you're getting extra members or paid more per sub from password share and crackdown and you've introduced advertising in 12 countries. Could you talk about the outlook for ARM in 2024 and beyond?
Spencer Neumann: You guys want me to take that one?
Gregory Peters: Go ahead, Spencer.
Spencer Neumann: All right, you wind it up for me. Thanks, Jessica. So I would say just generally, when we think about 2024 and beyond, think about it as our revenue growth profile in general. And we talked about this recently. We expect a more balanced mix of membership and ARM growth in 2024 and beyond 2024. So just looking at 2024 specifically, as Ted talked about, we expect to have a great slate to drive the business forward. And we expect to continue to do things like add extra members, grow our advertising revenue, as Greg discussed. And in addition to have some pricing adjustments, you saw that in our letter, all those things will drive ARM. So 2023 was a pretty unusual year where essentially all of our growth came from member growth. And going forward, more broadly, not just 2024 and beyond, we'll grow our business by continuing to kind of improve our service, increasing engagement, increasingly satisfying current and future members. And now that, as Greg discussed, I know we've got an account sharing solution, we have a more clear path to more deeply penetrate that big addressable market of a half a billion connected TV households and growing. And with our continued plan evolution, pricing sophistication and all that hard work on our ads business, we'll keep getting better at monetizing that big and growing reach and engagement. So we believe  we've got a long runway for growth in both kind of more membership and higher ARM over time in a more balanced way than what you saw this year, which was again a pretty unusual year.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And then you touched on, Greg touched on scale and advertising. How do you get to scale? Is it all through pricing, like pricing changes? And what would you consider scale?
Gregory Peters: Yes. I think it's important to note that scale isn't  it's not a binary condition, right? So it's not like you suddenly add one more member and you become a must buy situation. So we become increasingly competitive with increasing reach. It's also, I think, worth noting that it's different in different countries. And it's largely based on what's the competitive channels and what's that competitive dynamic. So having said that, though, we carry several relevancy targets on a per country basis, think about this as essentially a percentage of market penetration that helps us focus and drive the rate of growth that we desire. And we've got more work to do to get those. So I mean like we're not satisfied with the scale that we're at in any country that we're in. We want to be bigger, and we know we can be bigger. I think there's a variety of techniques that we can employ to do that pricing and thinking about how do we factor in what's optimal pricing for ads, no ads. That's part of what we're doing and thinking about plan evolution. Part of it is what I mentioned before, which is feature set, right? These are the things that consumers want to sign up for. Part of it, too, is actually just educating consumers. I think what we are seeing is in some of our countries, consumers think about an ads experience mostly anchored in linear and what their expectation around ad load, frequency rates are. And to some degree, actually, some of our streaming competitors haven't done maybe as great a job in building an ad experience, which informs that expectation as well. The part of it is just educating consumers about what the actual Netflix ads experience is so that they can think about what's the right choice for them. Do they want to lower price with ads and what we think is a great ads experience for consumers really, or do they want to pay more and skip ads. So it's all those things coming together that ultimately drive us to the several multiples of scale that we're at today that we'll be satisfied with.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: One last one maybe on advertising before we move on to margins. But you mentioned a lot of the innovative offerings that you plan on and some of it sponsors. It's very unique. It's different. When do we get to a point or when will you have a point where it's targeted, addressable, so it's really relevant for consumers. And so they would want to see the ads.
Gregory Peters: Yes. So we're working with Microsoft right now on targeting, so you'll see that roll out in the near future. And that, I think, is the first step of how we think about increasing targeting relevance through both a combination of product sets. So what are the types of ad products that brands can buy that yield increasing relevance as well as improving our sort of sophistication on what we might call targeting from a digital perspective, which is basically matching consumers who are most interested in that particular brand's message.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right. So Spence, I guess this one's for you on margins. But could you elaborate on areas like ad tech content spend? Well, you did talk about content spend in your letter, but any other meaningful investment areas, something that that maybe we're not thinking about?
Spencer Neumann: Sure. So let me step back a bit with some quick context. So first, Jessica, we set margin targets. They're our best judgment of how kind of best to grow the long-term value of Netflix, and we're trying to balance investment for future growth with near-term profits. So for instance, after investing heavily to launch Global in 2016, global Netflix, we wanted to take a disciplined approach to building profitability as we grew revenue because we felt, one, it was a good way to build that profit muscle across the company. And two, we understood that investors were  they've been pretty patient with us, so we wanted to demonstrate the scalability and the health of the business model. And so that took us from  it was like 4% OI margin to operating income margin business in 2016 to our current roughly 20% margin. So we think a pretty good indicator that ad scale streaming can be a quite good business. Now stepping back, there's no change in our financial objectives and also no change in our long-term margin expectations, including the fact that we see a  and we don't think we're anywhere near a margin ceiling. We've got a long runway of margin growth. So again, no change in our objectives, no change in our long-term margin expectations. But our current profitability and scale, we think it's prudent to balance that historical pace of margin improvement with growth investments. So you asked about growth investments. We think we've got a lot of places where we can continue to invest, plenty of room to invest further in our existing content categories, we're a small share of viewing in every country in which we operate. Plus building out those ads capabilities that Greg talked about our live offering and new content categories like games. So there's plenty to do. But all that said, we'll continue to drive healthy margin expansion. We expect roughly 22% to 23% operating margin in 2024, assuming no material swings in FX. So that's up from our current expectation of 20% this year, which is at the high end of the range that we targeted in the beginning of the year. So again, Jessica, just like we did in the past, going forward, we'll take a disciplined approach to balancing margin improvement with investing into our growth. We actually put a chart at the end of the letter that shows how we managed that balance historically, growing content investment, profit margins and cash flow. And you should expect that we'll carry that same discipline going forward as we invest and grow into that big opportunity ahead.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: How does licensing content from third parties play into your overall content strategy? It seems like you've had incredible success with third-party content in  I mean you always have, but in the last year, things like Suits or Band of Brothers, and you mentioned it in the letter. But if you could just talk about the third-party licenses?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Yes. Licensing third-party content has always been part of our strategy, and we've  something we've been really great at being able to do is match that audience. I think Suits is a great example of the impact of the Netflix effect that we can have because of our distribution footprint and our recommendation system, we were able to take Suits, which had played on cable and had played out in other streaming services and pop it right into the center of the culture in a huge way, not just in the U.S. but all over the world. According to the Nielsen charts then, Suits was the number one watch streaming series for 13 straight weeks. That's like  that is a record for Nielsen. So this continues to be important for us to add a lot of breadth of storytelling to our consumers of a wide range of tests. And we can't make everything, but we can help you find just about anything. That's really the strength. And I do think that looking  you mentioned Band of Brothers, but in that HBO deal, we had Insecure, we had Ballers, that came out and they were very successful in Netflix, and they popped into the top 10 on their originating network for the first time. So that was just on their streaming service, which is really powerful. And I think we have more to come with Six Feet Under and True Blood coming and not just on the TV side, but we're also proud to be able to bring movies like Super Mario Bros and Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse from our other suppliers. And in one way or another, we're in business with nearly every supplier, including our direct competitors. And I think that we bring a ton of value to them. And I think when you think about what happens when that show runs in and becomes a huge success on Netflix, it has lasting value. I mean look at the value we created that still continues today for shows like Friends, and The office and Fuller House and Gilmore Girls and all these other shows that really found an audience on Netflix even after they have more or less played out through traditional models.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Spence, one more on margins for you, but you said in September that long-term margins will be I think the way you said it was similar to other networks, which historically have been in the 40% to 50% range. Could you help us think through the ramp in margins over time?
Spencer Neumann: Jessica, I'll probably disappoint you as I have in the past on this. We're not going to put a long-term number out there. As I said, we don't see any ceiling  any near-term ceiling to our long-term margin potential. We've talked in the past about how we're going to feel our way through to those kind of long-term steady-state margins, but we think we have a lot of things working in our favor. We have a very scalable business model. You see that you see that play out over the last handful of years and continue to do so as we produce content all over the world for big local impact, but also with the ability for those stories to through great subs, dubs, discovery to reach more and more people and to be enjoyed around the world. So it's a very scalable content model. It's a global network at scale that has, in many ways, has not been seen with legacy entertainment networks. So we think we've got a long way to go. As I just talked about, we want to balance those increasing profits in the near term with investing into that long-term opportunity. So still a lot of runway that's a set of benchmarks you can look at it. There's others as well. But suffice to say, we think we've got a long and healthy runway in terms of growing margins.
Spencer Wang: Only thing I would add to that, Jessica, also I totally agree with what Spence said, which is, again, a lot of opportunity to grow margins, but profit dollars also matter, too, right? So as we expand into big new addressable markets like advertising that Greg alluded to or gaming also, right? So those open up big new sort of areas for us to expand into. And then we intend to grow margins, too, but we also want a lot of profit dollars as well. So we're not narrowly optimizing just for a percentage margin.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right. Of course. You announced some price changes today in premium and basic in several countries and more to come. Can you provide a current view of price increase or timeframe for the standards here?
Gregory Peters: Yes. So as you know, our focus on planned evolution over the last 18 months has largely been about paid sharing. And now that we've rolled that out, we broadly see the benefits, as I outlined in the letter, that's become a normal part of our business, which then allows us to return to our core approach to pricing. And that approach, that philosophy has not changed. We look to wisely invest the money that members pay us, deliver back to them more amazing stories, more entertainment value. And then when we think we're doing that, we'll occasionally ask them to pay a bit more to keep that virtuous circle spinning. So hence, the changes that you noted that we've announced in the letter. I think it's also worth noting that we seek to have a wide and even wider over time range of price points with the corresponding set of features, of course, that allows entertainment fans from around the world that have different needs to be able to access the great storytelling that our creative partners are doing at a price point that works for them at a feature set that works for them. Part of that widespread is the low entry price point. And that's why we're keeping that low entry price point static as it is. So we think that this $699 in the U.S., 499 in the UK, EUR 599 in France. It's just an incredible entertainment value. And if you think about the breadth and the variety of storytelling that we're offering, whether that's compared to our streaming competitors compared to traditional pay TV, certainly, even the price of a movie ticket, we think that's just an amazing offer. And our goal and plan; is to continue to be a great entertainment value. And beyond that, we're not going to comment on other price changes or other changes on tiers. We'll sort of find our way based on that philosophy and see when the right time to ask customers to pay a little bit more would be.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: One more question on the pricing, though. Would you  given the price increase for just premium and basic not standard, do you expect any  or advertising tier? Do you expect any movement between the tiers as a result of these price increases?
Gregory Peters: I think pricing always results in a bit of movement between the tiers. More of that movement is how people are signing up. So we see that as more what it influences. But also, it will influence plan changes as well. But generally, plan changes tend to be  our plans tend to be relatively sticky. So I would imagine that there is a  that momentum will continue.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: So your letter today says that you stated that you will spend $17 billion in 2024 on content spend, up from $13 billion in 2023. Obviously, that was somewhat strike impacted. That is how should we  how can you help us think through how content spend will grow beyond 2024? What is normalized growth?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, you see that we've done is we want to grow the content spend. Just about half a step ahead of the  ahead of revenue to create the value proposition for our members. So the more we put into it, and a lot of it is tied to the ability to create hits out of that pool. And I would say one thing, if I could, if you don't  this past quarter, we had this really remarkable story about something that we could do, but Spence talked a little bit about the kind of scale of the content spend, but this show one piece. One piece is something that is a very unique property to create 26 years ago by Eiichiro Oda, it is over 1,000 episodes of the animated series based on the Japanese Manga. It's nearly sacred IP. And we were able to  with our Japanese creative teams and our American teams getting together, working with our partners at Tomorrow Studios and the showrunner, Steven Maeda to adapt this into a show that the world fell in love with. And what I say to that is we've got  this show is number one in 84 countries around the world, which is something that Stranger Things didn't do, that Wednesday didn't do. And it's so rare for an English show to be that popular in Japan and Korea, Brazil and in the U.S. at the same time. And the other fun part of it is Iaki Godoy, who stars in the show, it was one of the most difficult casting challenges in the history of our original programming was who's going to play Monkey Luffy and he was right under our nose, right in our talent family. We discovered him a couple of years ago, and had him in this great show at our Mexican series called Who Killed Sara and then we were able to cast him in this and now he's a global superstar. So this is that kind of thing you could do well, thing that's hard to copy and gives us kind of competitive running room from our competitors being able to do that more and more. I don't mean  when I say that, I don't mean making things more global, I think making things that really resonate for the core audience. And usually, local audiences want very local content. And in this case, the local audience is the fan of one piece, which was very discriminating, and we had to please them first, just like our original shows in Spain, I have to really please the Spanish customer first. So we can do this. We spend the money well. We have impact with the spend, and we grow it as we grow revenue.
Spencer Neumann: Maybe  sorry, Jessica. I was just going to build it a little bit on Ted's point on the kind of trajectory of content spend. So  and we talked about this a little bit in the past. So first, in the letter, we talk about the 2024, we hope to get cash content spend back up to at or near that $17 billion level. The biggest swing factor is going to be when the SAG-AFTRA strike resolves. And so that will get us to a cash to P&L ratio kind of closer to 1:1.1x. And so we're not putting a specific number out there for free cash flow in 2024. What that gets us to, when you think about the combination of our revenue growth outlook, our margin guidance and target cash content spend, we'll deliver substantial free cash flow in 2024. And then going beyond that, we do expect to tick up our content investment over time as we also prove at sustained healthy revenue growth. So assuming  we talked about, I think, in the last call, assuming no big expansions, we'd expect our cash to P&L ratio of content spend cash to content amort in the P&L to be roughly 1.1x. So that's kind of one way folks are thinking about how to model our growth in content spend. If we  as we grow our revenue, as we improve our profitability, we should see both increasing content spend but also free cash flow growing nicely over time.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And then just one last, just a follow-up for Ted though. There's so much going on in content right now. Can you maybe talk about investment priorities? Like how do you think about whether it's local language film, TV, you've made a lot of deals with some third-party film companies, television companies. Could you give us some color on how you think about content spend?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. We always have a lot of plate spinning because our members have got such different tastes and different desires. And we're trying to please them all  and like I say, trying to find that person who really fell in love with us for prestige TV and then discovered Love is blind. That's a pretty common household to be honest with you. So we've got to be able to be good at so many different things. And our partnerships, I'm assuming you're talking about Skydance in this case, really helps us find and keep up that scale as we grow. So we're really thrilled with our success in animated features. It's a very long cycle of development and production. Sometimes it could take a decade to deliver a really great animated feature film. And as you know, we move pretty fast, and we've been moving pretty fast. And those single companies that were really successfully launched more than two animated features in a single year. So we wanted  that deal helps us to complement the work that we're doing, like you saw this year with Leo and Chicken Run coming out and Nimona that already came out. So we've got a very  there's a ton of appetite  if you look at the top 10 animated features of since Nielsen has been tracking movie watching and seven of them are animated features. So there's a lot of appetite for animated features, and we're committed to that part of the business. And we do that through a combination of licensing partnerships and original production and original creation and not just in the U.S. but all over the world. So we have to find that right balance of invest finding the right product market fit, which helps us grow those territories and most importantly, helps create a value proposition for consumers, and they could say, "Hey, that what I pay for Netflix I can pay a little bit more because I get so much value there, and I'm spending so much of my time there. So if you think about the  for the last 37 of the last 38 weeks of this year, Netflix has had the number one streaming series on and all of streaming. And for 31 of those 38 weeks, we've had the number one movie too. And in any given week, we might have had the number one, two and three. So we really  we've got a lot going on and we've got to stay focused on continuing to improve the value proposition to consumers, which drive the numbers that we've been talking about on this call.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Spence, you announced a very significant increase in your buyback today. Should we think of the $2.5 billion buyback in the third quarter as sort of a run rate moving forward?
Spencer Neumann: I wouldn't kind of read through to that, Jessica. We had kind of slowed down as we  as the business slowed down, and we wanted to  we talked about the fact that we had less, less than typical forward visibility into our forecast over the past year or so as we were looking to reaccelerate the business and also roll out paid sharing. And now much of that is behind us, as we've said, and we've got a better view going forward. And so we ramped up our repurchase because we had built up some cash on the balance sheet as well. Our target minimum cash is roughly two months of revenue. So plus or minus $6 billion of cash that we look to hold on our balance sheet, and we've gotten ahead of that, we're still a little ahead of that. So  but that's really what we're managing to is to: one, primarily drive the business forward, grow the business, expand our cash flow and then as cash  excess cash builds on the balance sheet to return it to shareholders. So we put a pretty specific target out there of roughly two months of revenue in the form of cash on the balance sheet, and that's the way I think you should think about what our pacing will be over time.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Moving on to gaming. It feels like almost like the way you describe advertising, like a walk, crawl, run approach, what is the near and midterm strategy in gaming?
Gregory Peters: Well, let's start with the big prize. I think that's the better way to look at it, which is games is a huge entertainment opportunity. So we're talking about $140 billion worth of consumer spend on games outside of China and outside of Russia. And from a strategic perspective, we believe that we can build games into a strong content category, leveraging our current core film and series by connecting members, especially members that are fans of specific IPs with games that they will love. I think it's worth noting that if we can make those connections and as we make those connections as we're seeing, we're essentially sidestepping the biggest issue that the mobile games market has today, which is how do you cost effectively acquire new players. So that's the real proposition. And we think if we deliver that, we give members great games, entertainment experiences that they love at sufficient scale. Then we leverage back into the core business. We increased engagement. We increased retention. We increased value delivered. Those all drive our core business metrics. And I think it's actually just a very natural extension of what you were just talking with Ted about. If you think about the range of content that we're offering the variety of content and entertainment that we're offering, games just adds one extra layer to that variety and that depth. And we're also seeing, I would say, back moving it more to your short-term and mid-term. We're also seeing performance metrics that support that this fundamental strategic hypotheses are sound. So games engagement right now on our service drives core business metrics in a way which is incremental to movies and series. So  but the main challenge ahead of us to get to your mid-term is that our current scale and frankly, our current investment level are both very, very, very small relative to our overall content spend and engagement. So now our job is to incrementally scale to the place where games have a material impact on the business. We've got ambitious plans there. We want to really grow our engagement by many multiples of where it is today over the next handful of years. And we can see how to get there. Looking a layer deeper at the title level. We see  some titles are really working for our members, and they're working for our business. If we can do more of those, we know we can scale into that proposition. We've got to do that through better title selection based on everything that we're learning. We got to do it on better product features to maximize connection with the audience for any given title. And we have to do it by gradually improving consumer awareness, which as we've seen is when we launched other content categories, you can think about unscripted or you can think about film. That broadly lifts overall engagement metrics as consumers learn that we're a place to go to, to find games. I'm excited about what we got going on in Q4. We're going to launch some big high-profile titles, which sort of keeps that drumbeat going. We got Dead Cells. We've got Football Manager 2024. We've got Money Heist. Think about connections with our IP that's coming in Q4 as well. That's Casa De Papel for folks who saw in that language. We also have Virgin River coming in Q1. So as you pointed out, this trajectory is not dissimilar from what we've seen before, when we've launched a new region, think about Latin America or we launched a country like Japan where traditional Western media companies have struggled or we launched new genres like unscripted. We've got a crawl, walk, run and we build it, but we see a tremendous amount of opportunity to build a long-term center value of entertainment, more entertainment value for our members.
Theodore Sarandos: That's a great experience for the super fan to get themselves in the universe in between seasons of a show. It's really exciting. Jessica, we have time for about two last questions, please.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Great. Okay, two. So the first of the two sports, you're creating the Netflix Cup tournament to be out next month. Is this a change in your sports strategy at all? Or how should we think about that?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. I know this was kind of me, Jessica. Given we are in the sports business, but we're in the part of the sports business that we bring the most value to, which is the drama of sport. So look at the success we've had with Drive to Survive, look at the success we've had with Tour de France, quarter back, full swing, untold, most recently with Beckham. David Beckham is one of the biggest stars in the world and his documentary on Netflix brought him almost 0.5 million new social media followers in a week. So we are having a big impact on sports through the things we're most great at, which is the drama of sport. The Netflix Cup as a live event that actually brings together the cast of Drive to Survive and full swing and puts them into a live golf term that we are going to stream live on Netflix on November 14. And it's  I think about it as a great way of extending those great drama of sport brands that we've created. But no core change in our live sport strategy or licensing and live sports. We are investing heavily in increasing our live capabilities so that as the demand grows for that and we find different ways the liveness can be part of the creative storytelling, we want to be able to do that at a big scale.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: There was some news also today, I guess, on [indiscernible]. But my last question to stay with what Spencer asked  you've talked a little bit more recently about your ancillary businesses, including the Netflix House. Can you talk about what that looks like over time? And will it be a big investment area, but more importantly, will it be a contributor?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Look at the  this initiative is inside of our Consumer Products and Experiences Group. Today, they run these successful businesses where they travel these live experiences all over the world and fans engage in them in ways that would shock you. People love these things so much. They show up dozens of people have proposed marriage in the Breath of Bridgerton Ball. It's really important in a way to kind of deepen fandom, a way to express fandom. You kind of see it on a large scale with theme parks, these build-outs are not going to be like a theme park, both in that they won't have that gigantic CapEx. And they also  we expect that fans will go multiple times a year, not just once every couple of years. And it's a way to take a business that's really good at growing our brands and strengthening our brands. And today, it doesn't  has a big start-up and shutdown costs as they travel around and put them under one umbrella where we can add a little technology and make it a really phenomenal experience from being as part of the Money Heist, Escape Room or the Stranger Things experience or the Squid Game challenge all those different things that people can do live together and have a lot of fun. And they can also go to the NETFLIX BITES and have food experience with all the Netflix food brands. So it really kind of strengthens the brands and strengthens the excitement about the things people are watching on Netflix and falling in love with and gives them a place to go and express it. It's not a material investment relative to the court to the big business that we're all in. But it's a great way of building it like our consumer products business.
Spencer Wang: Great. Well, Jessica, thank you very much for your questions, and we appreciate everybody tuning into our earnings call, and we're looking forward to chatting with you all next quarter, if not sooner. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-19 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Hello, and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2023 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos; and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Jessica Reif Ehrlich from Bank of America. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. Jessica, I'll now turn over the call to you for your first question.
Q - Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Well, let's start with the top of [indiscernible] not one, but two strikes. Can you give us your views of how this affects your business on a practical basis? How far out does your original content take you and how much of the content spend do you think gets pushed from '23 -- from this year into next year?
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Jessica. Good afternoon. Thanks for the questions. Let me start by making something absolutely clear. These strikes, this strike is not an outcome that we wanted. We make deals all the time. We are constantly at the table negotiating with writers, with directors, with actors and producers with everyone across the industry and we very much hoped to reach an agreement by now. So I also want to say, if I may, on a personal level, I was raised in a union household. My dad was a member of IBEW Local 640 as a local -- he was a union electrician. And I remember his local because that union was very much a part of our lives when I was growing up. And I also remember on more than one occasion, my dad being out on strike. And I remember that because it takes an enormous pole on your family financially and emotionally. So you should know that nobody here, nobody within ANPTP and I'm sure nobody had SAG or nobody at the WGA took any of this lightly. But we've got a lot of work to do. There are a handful of complicated issues. We're super committed to getting to an agreement as soon as possible. One that's equitable and one that enables the industry and everybody in it to move forward into the future.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And in terms of content, how much original content -- do you have to run out, like at a certain point in time, you probably will.
Ted Sarandos: Well, look, we've put some of our upcoming content in the letter. We've said in the last call, we produced heavily across all kinds of content TV, film, unscripted, scripted, the local domestic, English, non-English, all those things and they're all true. But as besides the point, the real point is we need to get to this strike to a conclusion so that we can all move forward.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Absolutely. So let's move on to password sharing, which is something everyone on the call wants to hear about. Could you just give us a kind of like State of the Union, what progress have you made to date and when will the rollout be complete?
Greg Peters: Yeah, Jessica. So we've worked really hard, iteratively over many months and really even over 1.5 years to find an approach that we thought was a good product experience for most consumers that gave them the information that they needed to make clear decisions that included features that they wanted. So think about transferring our profile and your viewing history to a new account, easy ways to manage your devices and account access, being able to purchase that extra membership for a loved one. So we've done a good job at building those features, we think, but also in a way that balances those user considerations with making sure that Netflix was able to get reasonably paid when we delivered entertainment to someone. So then, of course, we can invest that into making the service better for everyone. As of today, we've now launched that experience in almost all the countries that we operate in and we're seeing that it's working. We're positive in terms of both revenue and subscribers relative to pre-launch in all of our regions. But I also think it's important to note that the business impacts of that product experience will roll in over several quarters. So it's not an overnight kind of thing. Because, in part, the interventions are applied gradually and in part because some borrowers won't immediately sign up for their own account, but we'll do so next month or three months or six months or maybe even longer down the line, as we launch a title that they're particularly interested in. So we're live in the vast majority of countries, over 90% of countries by revenue and we're going to continue to iterate and execute that model.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Is there a way to think about segments of borrowers who have yet to convert. I mean it feels like there's another wave coming or maybe several ways. Maybe college students who are home for the summer and will go back in August or September. I don't know that mobile devices have been shut off yet. Anecdotally, many people who are not on mobile devices have said they haven't been cut off yet. Can you help us think through that?
Greg Peters: Yeah. So there's components of it that are essentially what you described where whether it's because there's behaviors or because how we've organized the product experience, how those roll out, they'll happen over time. And so we'll see those interventions broaden to more of those cohorts over a period of time. So that's one sort of component of phasing it out. The other component is that we see differential engagement across that borrower population. So there are some borrowers who are using it the service every day. And those folks are very likely to transfer to their own accounts very soon. And then some folks are less engaged. And it's going to take us a little bit longer to convince them to move over with great stories, great TV shows and films. So that's -- both of those effects essentially are what distributes the business impact from this product experience. So that's why I would think about it as we're seeing effects right now, but we'll also see those effects over the next many quarters.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Can you provide any color on the results, like, what percent have converted to paying what plan? Like, how many more members versus subscribers, your subscriber numbers were great this quarter, but there are also add-ons to households. So can you help us think through and what kind of did people change plans?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I would say, generally, what we see is these are well-qualified members. So in other words, they are choosing plans and are engaging at rates, have retention characteristics that generally look like higher tenure members, that's good because they are well qualified, that retention is quite good in essence. So that's a broad way to think about what those borrower cohorts are. And that's consistent also with the fact that we'll convert essentially those most engaged, most well qualified borrowers first. That's a general way to think about it. And then beyond that, I won't comment on more specific numbers.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Well, maybe you can help us think through like in UCAN, how much of the ARM growth is a function of add-on members to existing accounts versus new subs signing up to higher priced plans. And it sounds like from your letter that ARM will accelerate in the second half as you get further along in password sharing. Is that correct?
Greg Peters: Spencer, do you want to take this one on?
Spencer Neumann: Yeah. Maybe just broadly thinking about our kind of revenue in Q2 and going forward. Jessica, the key is that we delivered revenue in line in Q2 with our expectations and we're on track to accelerate that revenue in Q3 and further accelerated in Q4. That's really our primary objective around revenue acceleration and we're set to deliver on it. But if we step back on thinking about our revenue growth and components overall or within a given region, it's driven by a combination of pricing, volume and new revenue streams like ads. So if we think about each one of those, so we're now more than a year out from any price adjustments in our big revenue countries. We largely paused them during paid sharing rollout and so that's to be expected. For ads, that new revenue stream, we've expected a gradual revenue build and so that's not expected to be a big contributor this year. So continues to be on target. So most of our revenue growth this year is from growth in volume through new paid memberships and that's largely driven by our paid sharing rollout. It is our primary revenue accelerator in the year and we expect that impact, as Greg said, to build over several quarters. So that's what we're seeing in each of our regions and in UCAN. So UCAN is a little bit more benefit from ads per se it's a bigger advertising market, but still very, very small overall because it's still nascent to the business.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: But there's another surprise that you had this in the last couple of weeks, which seems like it could also be a very positive driver to ARM, and that is that you dropped the basic plan in Canada several weeks ago and you just announced that in the U.S. and UK. So I guess a couple of questions here. Are there any plans for the rest of the world and has it so far from your experience in Canada, has it driven the response that you hoped for? Is the response that you -- more people go to the advertising tier? And then I guess one other final part of this question is that it's an obvious positive for ARPU. I mean it feels like the impact is like $5 or more per month. When this is fully rolled out over three years  like, over what period of time do you think this will have the most impact?
Greg Peters: Sure. We think of this as a continuation of what we've generally done for a long period of time, which is, think about how do we optimize the plan structure, the pricing, the features that we have with really two goals in mind. One goal is, we want to give consumers access across a wide range of price points so that more people around the world can enjoy the great stories that Belas team is doing. That means the appropriate spread of prices and the appropriate corresponding futures, including ads, no ads, video quality, number of simultaneous streams and we'll seek to actually add to that list of features over a period of time. And the second big goal that we've got and think about this is optimizing long-term revenue, and that includes a bunch of factors that you might expect. It's sign up conversion, it's plan take rate, engagement, retention. And just as we evolve from a single plan years ago and have adjusted our offering over time. This latest move reflects what we think will best achieve those goals in the countries that we launched it in U.S., UK and Canada. And I think it's also important to note that from that perspective, accessibility and affordability, we think the entry prices that we have right now in those countries are $6.99 in the United States, GBP4.99 in the U.K., and CAD5.99 in Canada represent an amazing entertainment value, and those are attracting a healthy share of sign-ups. So, in terms of the specific effects that you're talking about, it's pretty much what you would expect, which is when we drop that basic tier, folks that would have signed up for that tier essentially sort into two tiers. They either take the ads plan, which is that really low attractive entry level price or they move into the standard plan. And so we see that sorting. In terms of what we would expect, I mean we are rolling this out in an iterative fashion across countries, and that allows us to understand the impacts and not be surprised. So I think things are generally going as we expect in that regard.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: So one last question and then I'll move on to advertising. But for your new members or new subs from the password sharing, are there any noticeable differences in churn?
Greg Peters: Well, I would say, as I mentioned before, the way to think about these, the way that we're seeing them in terms of the members that are signing up, borrowers are spinning off right now. I would characterize them as well qualified. They are folks that have watched Netflix for a long period of time. They know how Netflix works. So they're behaving in terms of retention characteristics, sharing characteristics like more higher tenure subscribers, which is good. That means better retention.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right.
Spencer Neumann: And Jessica, maybe just a number of the questions you were asking is kind of getting in a little bit of -- I think you mentioned ARPU and we call it ARM or average revenue per member, but what are we kind of seeing in the numbers? And how does that play out with -- as you think about the move out of the basic ad-free tier as you mentioned in Canada and a couple of other countries as of today and also as we build our ads. So maybe if I can just for a second talk that through because you can get a little complicated. But if you think about the drivers of average revenue per member, starting with the revenue drivers that we spoke about a moment ago, you can see our FX neutral, ARM is -- it was down 1%, FX neutral in Q2 and we expect similar in Q3, flat to slightly down. That's mostly due to the limited price adjustments we mentioned over the past year in our big revenue markets in advance of rolling out paid sharing. There's also some at play here, some movement in plan and country mix shift over time. Most of our member growth over the past year has been outside of UCAN, so in lower ARM countries. So that plays into the ARM trends. But importantly, over time and over the medium to longer term, we expect ARM will benefit from price adjustments. I mean we haven't changed our long-term pricing philosophy and it will benefit from ads and the extra members that you mentioned. It's just that both of those are early. We're still only a small percentage of our members are on the ads tier even with the moves we just mentioned, nice growth in the ads tier but still off a small base. And we're really early in terms of paid sharing impacts, including extra member for the reasons that Greg mentioned, that's going to build up over multiple quarters. And as they do, we'll see all of that demonstrating itself in growth in ARM over time we would expect.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Moving on to advertising. Could you give some color on some of the innovative or non-traditional offerings that you have? I mean one of the things you talked about in the upfront was like offering advertisers the ability to go into the top 10, which is -- provides an incredible reach a guaranteed reach really every -- all the time. Just talk through some of the ways because you're thinking in ways that are very different from traditional media.
Greg Peters: Yeah. I think stepping back, it's useful to start with. We've got a lot of work to grow this business. And the first priority that we're focused on is scale. We know that reach is one of the predominant consideration -- the dominant considerations that advertisers have when they think about where to go to spend their dollars. We want to be in that top list. We grew ads planned membership almost 100% quarter-to-quarter. So that's good growth. That's a good trajectory, as Spence mentioned. We want to continue that. So that's job number one. Job number two is, we've got a really solid list of advertiser facing features that are not in that innovation category that are really more following a well-trodden path. We're rolling those out. These are things like verification, their measurement, their targeting. I'd actually include in that bucket building out our go-to-market and sales capabilities in every country so that we can serve more advertisers and serve them more effectively. So there's a bunch of very straightforward work. These following this well-established path. We just need to do the work. We know we can do it, so it's heads down and execute. And then we get to a little bit what you're talking about, which is an opportunity over time to really think about our offering, both in terms of unique capabilities that we can deliver that blend TV with properties of digital advertising and also work at the interface of the user experience and the ads experiencing. And that really leverages the core capabilities that we've used for a long, long period of time of UX testing, iterative development, data-driven personalization to establish over time, a leadership position in defining what is the premium ads experience on CTV. You can see glimpses of that right now. You mentioned top 10. I think that, that is a creative way to think about how we give advertisers a different way to have essentially a guaranteed participation in the most popular shows, most popular films at any given moment on Netflix, so that's exciting. But there's just tons of work ahead of us, tons of opportunity, and we're really focused on continual improvement. And we're also confident that all the fundamentals are there and that we can build over those several years, a material ads business.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Has there been any change to advertising ARM since last quarter when you said advertising ARM was at least as high as the standard here, indicating that advertising-only part of it was $8.50 or more.
Spencer Neumann: I can dig it if you want, Greg. It's no change. Our overall ads ARM continues to be higher than basic ad free globally, same as statement on standard in terms of standard where the ads higher than standard ad free in the U.S. And so generally, we're just -- we're pleased with our per member ad economics and continue to feel really good about the opportunity to grow the ads plan, the ads offering, good for members, good for our business. But as Greg said, we just got -- we've got a lot of work to do to get from here to where it can be, we believe, over time, which is a material additional incremental revenue and margin driver for the business.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Can you tell us about your initial upfront advertising performance? I mean, you seem to have everything advertisers are looking for. But this is a really tepid overall advertising environment. So is there anything you can say about how -- what the reaction has been?
Greg Peters: Yeah. Sure. It's -- first of all, it's great to be able to have an opportunity to meet with so many advertisers in a concentrated period and hear what they need from us. And so that's helpful to synthesize what are our top requirements and how can we better support those advertisers. I think you're absolutely right that the general market is soft. We're seeing that across most different companies. But we benefit right now from being relatively small. So there's scarcity around our inventory. So I think we're able to manage that process effectively, and we're seeing good demand and good progress on the upfront within that sort of broader soft market. But our job really now is to add as quickly as we can advertiser features that meet their needs so that we can make that -- our offering more attractive as we scale that inventory up.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: What tools and how much time do you need to like invest to build your own ad-tech infrastructure?
Greg Peters: Well, I would say, we're -- it's a gradual ramp, if you're looking for a specific number, we have tens of engineers working on this at this point in time. They're delivering features on a consistent basis. Microsoft has even more than that, that are delivering features on a consistent basis. And we're working in collaboration essentially in a priority order when we see back to that what are advertisers telling us they need. We're just sort of knocking these down one after another.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: But is there like a time period in order to achieve scale, is this like a three year plan before you feel like you really have all the tech capabilities in place?
Greg Peters: Yeah, both scale in terms of reach and the tech capabilities in terms of features aren't sort of a binary condition. It's not like, you have it -- you don't have it one day and then you suddenly have it the next day. So I would say we're just constantly iterating and walking up both of those hills. So scale, I'm pretty impressed with being able to get to 100% quarter-to-quarter growth. So that's a good trajectory that feel like puts us in a good place and that will be better and better every year essentially. And then the technical features, again, we've got a long list and it's not as if one day we're magically done. But continue to progress on what we're doing right now, allows us to sort of move from building the basics into that sort of innovative space that you mentioned before.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Spence, this one maybe for you, but -- what's your vision for the advertising contribution? You've said in the past that you'd like it to be 10% of revenue. But given the decline of linear, are you rethinking this so that it would be a higher percent?
Spencer Neumann: Well, I think we've got a long way to go from where we are today to even getting to 10%, Jessica. So I just -- we don't want to get ahead of our skis, if we will. We've got a lot of blocking and tackling to do. We believe it can be a meaningful part of our business. So when we say 10%, its impart because we wouldn't spend all this effort, time and energy, resource allocation, senior management focus of Greg and Ted and others, if we didn't think it could be at least 10% of revenue. So I would say that's something that is a bar we're shooting for hoping to meet or beat over time. But -- and as you say, there's a lot of branded TV ad dollars that are -- that we set our sights on over time because we think we're a great ecosystem and environment to collect that demand, but we have to prove it out over time. So not ready to kind of increase our long-term projections from one we haven't even really come close to getting to yet, Jessica, gives us a little time, I guess is what I would ask.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Sure. But maybe to follow up on what you just said, like where do you think the pool of ad dollars will come from over time? Like, why would it -- given that all of the capabilities that Greg just talked about, why would it be limited to linear because you're going to have such extraordinary capabilities, like, shouldn't the pool be linear and digital?
Spencer Neumann: Yes. And it should be bode well, I'll let Greg speak to it.
Greg Peters: Yeah. I think it's fair to say that over a period of time, we anticipate pulling both linear and digital dollars. But where we are today, we're much more targeted at that linear brand focused TV advertising. That's the sweet spot that we can speak to right now. We're definitely building capabilities and have an aspiration to build capabilities that over time will allow us to expand that envelope. But again, we -- price number one, first is to go after that brand advertising. There's a lot of dollars there. There's a lot of dollars looking for great consumers to connect with and we think we can provide that solution.
Spencer Neumann: Jessica, it's really over time to be a better than TV model. And so it starts with that, but it's blending the two together and capturing both brand and digital dollars over time.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: One last question on this, and then I'll move on. But has engagement changed in the past quarter or so, are there any noticeable differences between the tiers?
Ted Sarandos: Well, there's generally some differences across the tiers that you might expect, more qualified, more engagement generally means as a broad statement, higher tier participation, but we haven't seen a change over time if that's [indiscernible] what we're getting to. So we're seeing good engagement across all of our tiers, good engagements across our ads plan as well.
Spencer Neumann: Ted, if you -- I know you all on.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. No, the thing to keep in mind is that as streaming continues to grow, 37% of TV time now in the U.S. And then we continue to grow our share of streaming in that growing space, even though it's very, very competitive. Probably best evidence is for nearly every week of this year we've had the number one show and the number one film on streaming, which is -- so that creates an enormous amount of, to your point, Jessica, of possibilities, but all dependent on building those capabilities. So as we put those things together, there's an enormous opportunity as eyeballs increasingly move to streaming. And they -- or by the way, they're moving to streaming because this is where the consumer demand is running. This isn't like we've invented something and we're dragging them in. Basically, the consumers are long away from this notion of the linear grid dictating what they can watch and where they can watch it and how they can watch it and the demand is on us to deliver on streaming and high quality content that they love. And our ability to monetize it both through pure subscription and through advertising if they choose to do so is really dependent on us having the content that they're excited about, day-in and day-out, week in and week out and in every country in the world.
Greg Peters: Yeah, I think that's exactly right. And just the foundation of our attractiveness to advertisers is ultimately our reach, this high level engagement and amazing titles, TV shows and films like Ted mentioned in the top 10 that they want to have their brands next to them.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: So let's move on to free cash flow. You had an extraordinary quarter, this second quarter and you said -- you talked about the outlook for Q3. Could you just maybe address the underlying dynamics? Talk a little bit about content spend and other investments?
Spencer Neumann: Yeah. Sure. I can take that one, Jessica. I mean what you see in our cash flow forecast, we took it up for 2023 in terms of our expectations. It's really driven by a few things. One, just higher certainty in our forecast with the success of the early success of the paid sharing rollout. We also had some move in production timing, just the typical ins and outs of the schedule. And then lastly, the impact of the strikes. And so there's still a pretty wide range of outcomes for where we -- where we're going to ultimately land on cash flow this year given the ongoing strikes, but -- and that may also create some lumpiness actually between 2023 and '24. So still a substantial expected free cash flow in '24, but some lumpiness between the years. But more broadly, we're past that most cash-intensive phase of building out our original programming strategy. So we'll have some near-term lumpiness. But if we apply a multiyear lens, we expect positive and growing free cash flow trajectory in the years ahead. So that's generally what you're seeing. And of course, as part of that just ongoing prudent expense management still growing our expenses but trying to grow slower than revenue in a responsible way that helps us scale healthy.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: What's your content spend outlook for the next few years? What is normal post the strikes plural?
Spencer Neumann: Well, what you've seen is and what we talked about when our revenue had slowed down in early '22 is that we would keep our content -- our cash content spend roughly flat. And that's what we've been doing from 2022 through with the plan through '24 with the lumpiness that we talked about, some of it because of that kind of coming out of the throws of COVID, as we talked about in the last couple of calls and now most recently because of the strikes. But our hope and our expectation is we get back up to those levels similar to levels in '24 as we were in '22. So we will grow next year is our hope and expectation back to those levels. And we talked about it in the letter too, what that works out to is roughly about 1.1 ratio in terms of our cash content spend relative to our content expense. So that allows us to kind of scale in a healthy way while also kind of growing our cash flow over time. And then as we prove out revenue acceleration, which we expect to do and as we've guided to, to start in Q3 and then further in Q4. We hope to start ticking up our cash spend on content again and doing it in a healthy way. We just -- we have to prove that out, obviously. But we've got a lot of great entertainment that we hope to provide to members all around the world is as Ted said. So we think we've got a lot more we can spend into, spend into a big opportunity, but we want to do it responsibly.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: But would your content spend very measured, let's put it that way and you're kind of maybe investing in ad tech capabilities. But beyond that, like it feels like there's tremendous leverage in your business model. So is there a way I like to think about growth and free cash flow beyond '24?
Ted Sarandos: So I would say, Jessica, the best way to think about it is we expect to grow revenue and profits over time. As Spence mentioned, we are past the most cash intensive phase. So that cash -- content cash spend to content amortization ratio that we've talked a lot about in the past, we think is going to be roughly in the neighborhood of 1.1 times in 2024 and probably somewhere around that area for the foreseeable future based on the current plans. So I think that gives you a the right sort of building blocks and be able to get a rough sense of it. I think what you would see is that would lead to very healthy free cash flow generation for the foreseeable future.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: So can we talk about uses of free cash flow and maybe possibly M&A. I mean there are a lot of distressed assets in media land, maybe you give the lowest multiples in memory that we've seen. What assets might be interesting to you?
Ted Sarandos: Spence, do you want to go on.
Spencer Neumann: Yeah. We just said we've got -- we've always looked at these things in terms of the opportunity for IP versus those assets, some of those assets are stressed for a reason. And so we're mostly looking at when we look at our M&A activity would be mostly around IP that we can develop into great content for our members, which is our real strength in business. So that's -- I would think we have traditionally been very strong builders over buyers, and that really hasn't fundamentally changed. But if there are opportunities that give us access to pools of IP that we could develop into and against that could be super interesting.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: And just maybe moving to sort of a little bit away on that, but you've developed a library over 10 plus years at this point. And it's pretty substantial, and you've got some amazing -- I mean, really amazing global titles. Would you consider selling your library content to others?
Ted Sarandos: Look, we've always found that we offer this content to our members in an unbelievable value on Netflix as of now. And then almost anywhere else we put it, there's either a crossover and they otherwise have Netflix account or of a much smaller viewing base. So we're -- we think we're taking the right course in terms of offering the content to our members and having it around even after its original run on Netflix. So the syndication market, home video markets that continue to exist today are kind of contracting in a way that isn't too exciting to build up against versus this opportunity we have with please our members and thrill our members with our content all the way back through the history of our content and the opportunity, we've also seen things like when Extraction 2 just did so well for us this past quarter, Extraction 1 was popped right back up into the top 10. We've seen that a lot with new seasons of shows when Queen Charlotte hit into top 10. Here comes Bridgerton 1 and 2. So it's a really -- it's a very fluid way -- at a very fluid and dynamic offering in that way. And it's even better the deeper and richer that library becomes.
Ted Sarandos: Jessica, we have time for probably one last question.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Okay.
Ted Sarandos: You can make it two parts if you want, Jessica.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Okay. Well, can you talk a little bit about your life strategy, including sports experimentation. I mean there seems to be a lot going on in sports. I mean you supposedly outbid or reportedly outbid ESPN for [indiscernible] and NFL sports documentary. So maybe if you could include in live sports, that would be great.
Ted Sarandos: Look, it's -- our position in live sports remains unchanged. We're super excited about the success of our sports adjacent programming. We just had it recently -- just launched a great one called Quarterbacks with the NFL. A few months -- a few weeks ago, we had TordeFrance, which did exactly what we saw with Drive to Survive, which is introduced to a brand new audience to a sport that's been around for a really long time and not very well understood and you do that through exceptional storytelling, not through the liveness of the game. So -- by doing that, we can now offer this wide variety of sports programming for sports fans that's in season year round and it really leans on our strengths, which are storytelling. So we're really excited about that. And you read some of the experimental stuff that we're going to be doing, like this live golf match in November. And we're excited about that because it serves as a promotional vehicle for our sports brands like full swing and Drive to Survive. So we really think that we can have a really strong offering for sports fans on Netflix without having to be part of the difficulty of the economic model of live sports licensing.
Spencer Wang: Great. Well, thank you, Ted, for that answer. Thank you, Jessica, for your questions and thanks to the audience for tuning into the video interview and we look forward to speaking to you all next quarter. Thank you.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-18 11:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Hello. And welcome to the Netflix Q1 2023 Earnings Interview. I am Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Jessica Reif Erlich. And as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, Jessica, I am going to turn it over to you for your first question.
Q - Jessica Reif Erlich: Thank you. So lets start with Ted and Greg. You have worked together for over 15 years, but this is your first quarter as Co-CEOs. Are there any highlights you want to share?
Ted Sarandos: Well, Jessica, as you pointed out, its our first quarter together as Co-CEOs but 15 years working together and in those 15 years, you build a lot of respect and trusting each other to help you get you through some trying times. And not to let you down about - there is no drama, but this was pretty much a business as usual quarter for us having done this together for so long. And Greg and I enjoy the same kind of trust, respect and shorthand that I enjoyed with Reed for so many years. I know that Greg did as well. So its not as eventful as folks might have thought and its really been incredibly and wonderfully professionally stimulating to have a Co-CEO to get to tackle big problems together. So I think one of the things that we will look back at Reeds incredible 25 years at Netflix, one of the great accomplishments is facilitating this very, very smooth transition and succession.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Great. So you have recently reduced prices in 116 countries. Is this a more local approach similar to what you did in India in 2021 or is the impetus to enable a successful introduction of password sharing and advertising tiers?
Spence Neumann: I can take this one, if you want. Jessica, this is really about, we talked for the last few quarters about further refining our pricing strategy and monetization. And if you think back to when we did our global launch in 2016, it was pretty much across the board, a bit of a skim approach and not particularly sophisticated in terms of our pricing. So think of this as kind of that next step in our evolution of a bit of a better market fit, product market fit, pricing fit, with the aim of growing our penetration in these markets and also better medium and long-term revenue. So better for our members, better for our business. But just want to emphasize, this is not a material to our business anytime in the near-term for sure. So its a lot of countries, but it represents less than 5% of our revenue and so its something that will -- over the long-term, hopefully, will benefit us and we can point to an example of success is sort of like what we saw in India. So last year back in December of 2021, we launch -- we dropped prices in India between 20% to 60%. We saw engagement over the past year grow by about 30% high growth in paid net adds. And also revenue, FX neutral revenue growth actually accelerated from 19% in the year prior to 24% last year. So thats -- we are not saying every market is going to play out like that, but thats what it would look like a success.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Great. Lets move on to password sharing. What have you seen in your Q1 new market launches, churn, as well as conversion and can you give us any specific color on what you have seen in Canada, whether its in terms of new subs versus add-ons?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I will take that one. So this is an important transition for us and so we are working hard to make sure that we do it well and as thoughtfully as we can. This last of the country rollouts have gone well, and maybe most importantly, were directionally consistent with what we saw in Latin America. So just to remind people what that looks like, very much like a price increase, we see an initial cancel reaction and then we build out of that, both in terms of membership and revenue as borrowers sign up for their own Netflix accounts and existing members purchase that extra member facility for folks that they want to share with. So, first of all, it was a strong validation to see consistent results in these new countries, because there are different market characteristics different from each other and also different from the original Latin American rollout countries. So to get to a positive outcome, you mentioned Canada, we are now in a positive member and positive revenue position relative to pre-rollout. So thats a really strong confirmation that we have got an approach that we can apply in many different countries with different market characteristics, including our largest revenue countries. In fact, we actually -- we could have launched that solution. We actually considered that option. But we also learned from this last set of launches about some improvements we can do, especially in areas that matter a lot to our members, things like having seamless access to Netflix as they have always been using it on the go or while traveling, as well as making sure that we have got good tools for them to manage access to their accounts and their devices. So, all in, we felt based, on those results, it was better to take a little bit of extra time, incorporate those learnings and make this transition as smooth as possible as we can for members and we think that approach also best serves the long-term business goals as well. So we are going to launch this new improved version broadly, including in the United States in Q2.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So as a follow-up, so the cadence, you just said the U.S. in Q2. How about the rest of the world and is there -- can you give us your thoughts on pricing and whether you have a preference for a current borrower to become a subscriber or an add-on?
Greg Peters: Yeah. So that launch we are doing in Q2 is a very broad launch, it includes the United States, includes many, many other countries. I mean, we reserve the right for some countries where we think theres a different approach. But I would say the bulk of our countries, and certainly, when you think about it from a revenue perspective, the vast majority will be rolling out in Q2. You mentioned in terms of pricing. We will look at that on a market-by-market basis. But obviously, we tested different pricing in these last rollouts that will be tested in Latin America and that gives you a sense about how we are thinking about what is optimal pricing, especially in more affluent countries, so I will leave it at that. And then in terms of preference, what we are trying to do is create a structure that really supports choice. So that gives an opportunity for folks to spin-off to borrower accounts where they think thats the right solution for them or for use cases, which are legitimate use cases where somebody wants to basically buy Netflix for a family member or something like that, we want that extra member to be in place, too. So we dont really have, Id say, a strong preference. We are not trying to steer in one perspective other than using pricing to both satisfy those customer choice goals, as well as thinking about long-term revenue optimization.
Jessica Reif Erlich: One more on password sharing. Are there any incremental cost and it seems like content distribution, marketing are already in your expenses? So is the incremental margin 100% or are there plans to reinvest some of this revenue so it doesnt all flow through?
Greg Peters: Well, I will leave this -- go ahead, Spencer.
Spence Neumann: No. Go. Go for it.
Greg Peters: No. You got it. You got it. You got it.
Spence Neumann: I was going to say theres really not, other than just kind of just the general kind of allocation of resources. I wouldnt say theres real incremental costs, but of course, we always want to reinvest. So as you kind of see with our kind of guidance and our objectives generally, Jessica, we are looking to reaccelerate the revenue growth. Thats the path that we are on right now, and as we do that, we want to kind of balance gradually increasing margins. You see that in our guide where we are looking to tick up margins a bit to the 18% to 20% range full year relative to just under 18% last year, but balance that with that big prize ahead of us. So reinvesting to more and more great entertainment for our members and drive that flywheel of more entertainment, more value for members, and ultimately, more and more members over time and then build a really, really big and profitable business.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So lets move on to advertising. Netflix appears to have a huge advantage in, lets call it, television advertising. I mean, you pretty much have nothing to lose from a legacy perspective and everything to gain on an AVOD platform. Given the limited ad load, premium video content, your humongous reach and engagement with some pretty hard to reach demographics, as well as the ongoing mass transition from linear to streaming, your position is enviable. Having said that, you seem to be very careful in your advertising rollout. Can you give us your key learnings to-date and what the growing pains have been so far?
Greg Peters: Yeah. As you state, we are significantly optimistic about the long-term opportunity for the reasons that you mentioned. But we have always expected and we continue to expect, frankly, this to be a gradual build. It follows a very similar process that we have used in so many other areas where we get in, we learn as we go, we iterate and we found that having that approach yields basically great long-term outcomes as we sort of grow and learn. So I would say where we are at today, we have got a lot of work to do to develop -- continue to develop features that support advertisers. We are rolling out things like measurement and verification, but we have got a bigger, longer roadmap that we have to go do there. We are improving our go-to-market and sales capabilities in partnership with Microsoft. Theres a lot of good work that we have to go do and some of this is hard work which vary country-by-country. You have seen us add programmatic private marketplace that gives advertisers more ways to buy as we grow inventory. And then we are also trying to improve things on the consumer-facing side. So we are adding more features to the ad plan. We are making that experience better for members. And through that sort of process, we expect those iterations, which we are trying to go as fast as we can on them while being judicious and thoughtful about the business, to really add up over a period of time into a significant, highly material and highly lucrative, high margin business. But theres plenty to go do and we are trying to maintain a fast pace but also a thoughtful pace.
Jessica Reif Erlich: There have been a lot of press reports regarding your buildup of ad tech capabilities. Can you provide an overview of plans, time frame and cost?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I would say we have ambition to be innovative in this space and a lot of that innovation is thinking about not a one size fits all in terms of the member experience and thinking about whats the right time to flight an ad, things like that. But I would also say that we are very much in the mode right now where we are doing a lot of work that is following a well-trodden path to build a big business back to when you think about verification, measurement, et cetera, what we are doing on programmatic. Those are sort of, Id say, relatively straightforward thing. So a lot of the work that we are doing is really heavily in that space. And then in terms of incremental costs, Spence, do you want to chime in here?
Spence Neumann: Sure. Id say just generally, Jessica, we try to, in all of this, first, we have always -- we have talked about this crawl, walk and run, which Greg mentioned, being very thoughtful and methodical how we are building the business. And with that also, how it impacts our overall financials, our revenue and our incremental profit contribution we believe, we can do that in a very healthy way. So thats what we are building towards. So, yes, there is some cost to this, both in terms of the cost of the Microsoft partnership and the cost to kind of some building out of our capabilities, people, as well as tech capabilities. But all very manageable. We also talked about a little bit of content costs as we continue to kind of we increased our level of content parity on the plan this past quarter, which is great. So its about 95%-plus of viewing parity, which is again a great progress. So we are -- we keep moving forward, but this is all at a level that we believe is not just better for our members with a lower priced option but better for our business and we think we could do it with and are doing it in a way thats, I would say, without being overly specific, think of it as like 50% or more incremental profit contribution to the business.
Jessica Reif Erlich: When you come to the May advertising upfront, which is in a couple of weeks, it sounds like you are coming with the standards here now. Do you have any plans to introduce it to your premium tier and how much scale, meaning how many subs you expect on the platform when you rollout -- when the upfront commitments come in the fall, how much scale will you have?
Greg Peters: Yeah. So on your first question, we are always thinking about and working to improve that plan structure, the pricing. We have got two goals in mind when we do that. One is, we want to have a wide range of consumers and -- ideally increasingly wide range of consumers access to our great stories at a range of prices with appropriate corresponding features. The second goal is think about optimizing long-term revenue. A good example of this is based on the economics of our ads plan, based on the limited switching behavior that we have seen off of standard and premium. We have upgraded the ads plan features, both in terms of video resolution or video quality and number of concurrent streams, because we think it supports both of those goals. So thats a good example of that. I would say beyond that we have got -- we will continue to evaluate as we always do, you have seen us make moves in the space before, but we have got nothing more to add on that today. And then in terms of scale, obviously, we are growing, every day we grow and we are seeking to continue to grow, but we are not going to sort of announce or a target or what we expect forecast, lets say, for upfronts at this point.
Jessica Reif Erlich: One more advertising question and then I will move on. But can you provide ARPU specifics on what you have seen so far, because you mentioned in the release that the revenue is actually higher than even standard. So it seems like so far, so good?
Spence Neumann: Yeah. I can jump in. I mean, yes, overall, we are pleased with our kind of per member ad plan economics. Its higher than our basic plan overall, and as you say, in the U.S., its actually even higher than our standard plan. So we really like the path we are on, the trajectory we have, and as I said, its kind of a win-win, because its a lower priced option for our members and its both kind of incremental revenue, incremental profit to -- as a business -- for the business. So it makes the business stronger, which of course, we can then reinvest into more and more great entertainment. So we like the path, but again, its early. We are only a couple of quarters into this, Jessica, so we are going to get better, as Greg said, better targeting and measurement, better kind of tools and buying options for advertisers. So we think all of that will actually kind of build on this so that we will reinforce and strengthen that kind of premium CPM ad network that we are building.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So maybe switching gears a little bit to the capital returns and free cash flow. You did raise your free cash flow guidance, but you kept your margins the same for this year. What are your longer term margin growth or expectations at this point, pre COVID you had indicated 300 basis points of improvement per year over a few year period? Can you provide any update to that?
Spence Neumann: We are not -- we have never provided a long-term guide to our margins. But, Id say, we are already in a place where we feel great about the business that we have. Its a very -- its a great business model. The business at scale with over $30 billion of revenue, healthy profit margins, growing margins, growing free cash flow. So thats sort of a starting point, and as I mentioned before, we are trying to balance, as we reaccelerate revenue, ticking up those margins with also reinvesting back into the business, back into that member base, back into that big prize, where we feel like we are so small today. We have talked on recent earnings calls where we represent we believe roughly 5% of that direct consumer spend in the areas of entertainment that we are participating in today primarily in film, TV and games. And when we think about even just the member population thats available, those 1 billion-plus broadband households and even today, roughly 450 million, 500 million of those being connected TV households and we only have 230 million-ish paying members today roughly, right? So thats why we are so focused on addressing with paid sharing and then just making our business and the value that we bring to the service better each day to bring in more members. So thats really what we are working towards. And then long term, we just -- we dont see ourselves approaching a near-term ceiling. Theres lots of proxies out there. Entertainment services and networks at scale traditionally have been well above our roughly 20% operating margin. So we believe we have a long way to go and we have some inherent advantages. We are a truly global entertainment network, perhaps the first, with really healthy leading engagement and a really scalable content model. So we believe we have got a long way to go, but not really putting more specific guidance out for now.
Ted Sarandos: Just if I could add an example of that -- of the scale of the business being global, is that every one of our big content wins start as a local win. And then in success, they roll out and they get regional, then they reach the diaspora, then they get global and its huge success, and theres no marginal cost to all that additional audience when we get it right. So by driving -- creating those stories that drive growth of the business in local territories, it provides content into the pool that people can fall in love with and its just as likely that we can get a gigantic hit from anywhere in the world and thats really the scale of our operating business. And to go back to what Spence said about, the potential for -- to even grow margins beyond where we are at today is very, very high.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Could you give us an update on your capital return plans, I mean, how are you thinking about -- you announced the $1.2 million buyback in Q1. But relative to your free cash flow and an incredible balance sheet, this -- you have a lot of capacity. So can you give us any color on how you are thinking about capital returns over the longer term?
Ted Sarandos: Sure.
Spence Neumann: I
Ted Sarandos: Spencer, do you want to take that one?
Spence Neumann: Yeah. I can take that one. Thanks, Jessica, for the question. And we are happy to be fully investment grade as of Q1. So thats a nice milestone for the company. And you are right, theres no change to our capital allocation philosophy. So we are still targeting to maintain minimum cash equivalent to roughly two months of revenue. Based on the Q1 numbers, its about $5.4 billion of minimum cash. We ended the quarter with about $7.8 billion on the balance sheet so we do have about $2.4 billion of excess cash. So that is why we did indicate in the letter that our share repurchases will accelerate over the course of the year. And then one other minor thing I forgot to mention in my intro, that this video interview will include forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. So I do want to say that and heres evidence that this video interview is actually not scripted. So back to you, Jessica.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So, Ted, how are you preparing for a potential writers strike, potential or likely?
Ted Sarandos: Well, Jessica, lets first to say, we respect the writers and we respect the WGA and we couldnt be here without them. We dont want a strike. The last time there was a strike, it was devastating to creators. It was really hard in the industry. It was painful for local economies that support production and it was very, very, very bad for fans. So if theres a strike and we want to work really hard to make sure we could find a fair and equitable deal so we can avoid one. But if there is one, we have a large base of upcoming shows and films from around the world, we could probably serve our members better than most. And we really dont want this to happen, but we had to make plans for the worst and so we do have a pretty robust slate of releases to take us into a long time. But just to be clear, we are at the table and we are going to try to get to an equitable solution so there isnt a strike.
Jessica Reif Erlich: And beyond the strike, just once you get past that, how do you expect content spending to change over the next few years, you have kind of been at the $17 billion cadence. Does it depend on revenue growth? Can you give us some color on how you are thinking about that?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. It depends on revenue growth. And also keep in mind that the way that revenue or the way that content spend hits us, its with starter productions and deliveries. We still worked through or we came through or comping off of those post-COVID floodgates opening and so that does throw -- makes the content spend a little lumpier. We expect to be back to about the $17 billion level in 2024 and the rate of growth depends on the rate of revenue growth for sure.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Okay. Just one
Spence Neumann: Okay. Just to add to Teds point
Jessica Reif Erlich: Yeah.
Spence Neumann: because I totally agree with all of that. And -- but again, its -- theres a big opportunity ahead so I just want to reinforce that. We are not going to -- we said, we would stay at roughly $17 billion on average over a few year period over that 2022 to 2024 period, but theres a big entertainment market to go after beyond that. So as we reaccelerate revenue, we see a lot of opportunity to grow into that viewing and engagement and business opportunity ahead. So we expect to be there and we just have to build into it.
Ted Sarandos: Absolutely.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Do you have any thoughts on revisiting your film strategy? In terms of like theatrical output, as well as distribution, you have had so much success at the Academy Awards. So does that change anything for you? And you also recently had a restructuring in this division, is there anything to read from that?
Ted Sarandos: No. Jessica, the film division is doing great. They really are building some great films. As you pointed out, the success at the Oscars was great. But the thing even better than that was the movies that won so big were also very, very popular with fans. So this is award-winning critical acclaim and enormously popular with fans, even, like I said, with All Quiet on the Western Front was that, Pinocchio certainly was that and we are really proud of the films that were in the mix, because they were loved by fans. So we are really happy with the investment in film. Of course, we are trying to improve it, like we do with all of our films. But our release strategy, remember, theres a lot of ways to create and collect demand for a film. Driving folks to a theater is just not our business. We create that demand. We collect that demand on our subscription service with our members. And I think having big new desirable content, including feature films in the first window drives value for our members and drives value to the business. So no major changes in play, except for trying to continue to improve the films for our members and make a big splash with films that are loved and watched.
Spence Neumann: And
Jessica Reif Erlich: Obviously.
Spence Neumann:  its really leaning into advantage -- we believe an advantage we have of delivering that value to our members, but because of our reach and our scale to have over 230 million paying members at our average revenue per member, it affords the opportunity to invest in these big movies, bring them to our members at just one other piece or area variety of content and must-watch content and entertainment for members. So its really kind of leaning into that advantage.
Ted Sarandos: And I think its tempting to make the comparison between the services, but the other services dont have that scale, as you pointed out, Spence. They dont have the revenue base or the viewer base to support with a single window the way we can support even big budget films with a single window on Netflix.
Jessica Reif Erlich: How is your live strategy evolving? And Chris Rock was a huge hit, but Love is Blind had some technical issues. Is live a big advertising driver, do you need to invest more to beef up your technical capabilities?
Ted Sarandos: Greg, do you want to grab that?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I will kick it off. I would start by saying we are really sorry to have disappointed so many people. We didnt meet the standard that we expect of ourselves to serve our members. And just to be clear from a technical perspective, we have got the infrastructure, we had just a bug that we introduced actually when we implemented some changes to try and improve live streaming performance after the last live broadcast, Chris Rock in March. And we just didnt see this bug in internal testing, because it only became apparent once we put sort of multiple systems interacting with each other under the load of millions of people trying to watch Love is Blind. So we hate it when these things happen, but we will learn from it and we will get better and we do have the fundamental infrastructure that we need. And I would say the good news is that ultimately, 6.5 million viewers watched and enjoyed the show. Then I will turn it over to Ted to talk about more of the strategy side.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. Look, we have said we want to use live when it makes sense creatively, when it helps the content itself. So a Reunion Show thats going to generate news and buzz, it really does play better live when people can enjoy it together. Certainly, the Chris Rock Standup Show played out so well, because so much anticipation for what hes going to say in that set. So when we have the opportunities to do projects like that, we like the fact that we have the option to do it. As Greg said, we are super disappointed to not be able to come across with the live product for everyone who wanted it on Love is Blind Reunion, but we are super thrilled that people love the show. It does point to the kind of love for that brand and for the growing love for those unscripted brands on Netflix and some of them will be live. And I do think sometimes those results-oriented shows do play out a little bit better on live and they do generate a lot of conversation. But keep in mind, like on Chris Rock, about 90% of the viewing have been after, but it doesnt change the fact that it was a big event when it happened live.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Is it a big driver of the advertising?
Ted Sarandos: We have not got -- go ahead, Greg.
Greg Peters: No. Go ahead, Ted. You take it.
Ted Sarandos: I will just say we not currently have advertising in the live broadcast.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Right. I have one more question on password sharing, I will just go back to that for a second. But of the 30 million you can and 100 million-plus global borrowers, that sounds like from your release, thats actually the number of households. What is the number of potential subs or add-ons, I mean, what is the potential conversion from these 100 million-plus households?
Greg Peters: Well, to some degree, I mean, the borrowers, those borrowers set represent well-qualified people in the sense that they have all the technical need to get to Netflix, the smart TV, the broadband access, they know how the system works, they have clearly enjoyed content on the service before. So, having said that, we see a sort of a range of engagement amongst those borrowers. So some folks are watching as much of our shows as a normal paying account and those folks are very strong likelihood to convert, I would say, and then we see that tailor off -- taper off rather through that range of folks. And if you are watching much less, its much less likely that you will ultimately convert. But even in that case, Id say, this represents a really important structural shift where we will develop that one-to-one relationship without pricing distortion, without membership distortion with a whole new range of members. So we will see membership grow through that approach. We will see revenue grow through it as well. But we will also see a situation where in high viewer penetration markets like the United States that you mentioned the stats there, some of those folks wont convert, but they will represent essentially a pool of people that we can then go after with improving our offering and more amazing movies, Ted talked about that, more amazing series, more amazing games in the fullness of time, that will get those folks ultimately to convert to our members as well.
Jessica Reif Erlich: And then just also going back to like advertising, what are the advertising features that you are most excited about?
Greg Peters: Well, again, we are sort of in this mode where theres what I am super excited about and then theres the work that we really need to do for the business, which I am also excited with that because its just about how we get to be bigger. So theres sort of the brass tacks pieces, which are a lot about measurement, verification, targeting, expanding the ways for advertisers to buy. So I am excited from a sort of immediacy of business returns for those pieces. But then when you think about like from a technology and product experience perspective, what am I excited about there? Thats again where I think we have an opportunity to bring the specific characteristics of a premium, fully addressable, fully targetable, fully deterministic ad streaming system to this world. And so that means that we can do a whole range of things in terms of how we flight creatives from brands associated with certain shows and things about how we tailor the user experience to be specific to what the user needs in a moment rather than having a one size fits all set of rules in terms of how we flight ads. So theres just a whole amazing line of innovation that we can go after, we will be going after for, frankly, for years and we dont even know what all those things are, because mostly, we will be working with advertisers and members to try things and then let them tell us whats working and whats not.
Jessica Reif Erlich: What do you consider the walk phase?
Greg Peters: Well, I think, we are sort of getting into the walk phase and thats probably a combination of things. One is scale, obviously, scale is relevant in the business so we are getting to a certain size of scale that shifts how advertisers think about us. Part of it is the technical features that advertisers -- that face advertisers, so thats very much along the lines of those measurement, verification, targeting the programmatic buying capability, thats a component of it. So those, I think, really constitutes, Id characterize that we are really -- we are basically getting into that middle phase of growth, and we have got a lot of work, frankly, to do in that before we get to the run phase.
Spence Neumann: Yeah. We talked about its a multiyear build and a gradual build and crawl, walk, run and we are only a couple of quarters into this. So I dont know, Greg, if you would agree, but I would hope we are in the walk phase by the end of the year and into next year. But I think this is a year of getting from crawl to walk.
Greg Peters: Yeah. That sounds right.
Jessica Reif Erlich: And then I just wanted to clarify something, Spence, I think you said, this is a 50% margin. I mean, typically, advertising could be as high as 80% or 85% margins. Is that -- do you expect to build up to that or do you think its really just a 50%-plus business?
Spence Neumann: Well, I put plus in there. So I said at least 50% and it was really just to highlight the fact that we are still in startup mode of this business and so leaning a little conservative. But, yes, our expectations over time is that it would be meaningfully over 50%, but I dont want to give a specific number yet.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Okay. Moving on to gaming, can you give us some data points on engagement and what you are seeing on retention?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I am not going to give you those specific points, but let me just review sort of where we are at. More broadly, we have got 55 games out to-date. We have got 40 more in the queue for this year. Theres very exciting games. If you want to try a few out, Id recommend Terra Nil. Thats a reverse city builder, sort of twist on that genre. You have got Mighty Quest launching today. Our first new game from an internal studio, which is OXENFREE II is coming later this year. So you can sort of see it build into a combination of licensing and now layering in internally-developed games into that. And its really -- its following a trajectory that we have seen before, I would say, on these other new content categories that we have added, if you think about film and you heard folks here talk about sort of that film progress or non-fiction or international, where we sort of build into this over a multiyear period. And to reinforce, you mentioned those metrics, I mean, the fundamental goal here, obviously, is to give our members a new entertainment modality and more ways to enjoy incredible universes and deepen their fandom. And we do that with an effort to drive the primary metrics we have on the consumer facing side, which is engagement with the service, which leads to retention and incredible stories that people are talking about games, that they are must-play games that create buzz off the service and motivate people to sign up.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Are there plans to directly monetize games, for example, advertising or licensing IP to game developers?
Greg Peters: Not currently. So we think that we are very consistent with what we have done in other parts of the business. The best thing for us to do is really focus on the core initiative, which for us right now is how do we bring games, end games based on our IP to our members, to fans of that IP directly. And also, we believe that we want to have a differentiated gaming experience and part of that is giving game creators the ability to think about building games purely from the perspective of player enjoyment and not having to worry about other forms of monetization, whether it be ads or in-game payment.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So maybe turning to India, which is one of the biggest global markets and one of the fastest growing markets really in the world right now. Spence, you mentioned the pricing change in 2021. And Ted, you recently said at a panel earlier in the year, I think, you were in India
Ted Sarandos: Yeah.
Jessica Reif Erlich:  that is your fastest growing market and you have given the statistics engagement of 30%, revenue up 24%. But I think, Ted, you said that you are increasing your local originals from 28% last year. Can you just talk a little bit about this market, like, what are your longer term plans? Is it actually profitable or is this something that we -- where we can see a real change in contribution?
Ted Sarandos: Look, I think what we have talked about earlier when we get the pricing a little better more suited to the market, you can see that we can grow revenue, and therefore, and we grow engagement. We have to get the content that people just really flip out for. We have seen a steady improvement in that quarter-over-quarter, both in our films and our series. Rana Naidu now is a great show that we just -- the people are loving all over the country and it causes a great deal of excitement for the service. Now we have -- again, we got to get the pricing and the payment methods right. India is a big prize, because its an enormous population of entertainment-loving people and we have got to have the product that they love and its a product that they -- and that you can do business with them together. So we have got -- we are doing the creative part and we are getting the pricing better and theres always lots of promise to continue to grow in India. It is a very specific market in terms of they like local content, but also you are seeing their local content is traveling more than ever. This was an incredible year, I think, is what you may be referring to, Jessica, that I was talking about movies like RRR, which did business all over the world and Gangubai was this really fantastic film that was in the hunt for the -- for Best Foreign Language feature. So you look at all these things and say with that as the content opportunity continues to scale and our ability to access the market and throw those audiences continues to grow, we can do quite well in India. We are long ways from that, we are still investing against it and I think that we will ultimately do great in India.
Spence Neumann: Jessica, we have time for two last questions, please.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Okay. So moving on to like accelerated revenue and products. Can you give us an outlook or an update on seeing -- just when you are seeing -- what your expectations are for consumer products? I mean, you announced the La Casa collaboration for closing on your eight most iconic shows, but you also have other collaborations. So I know it just seems like an area that now that you are building up your own content seems to provide incremental opportunity?
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. We continue to grow it. The primary driver for our consumer products business is to build and deepen fandom. It does drive some revenue. But, in general, we are really looking for those opportunities to help fans connect with their favorite shows, their favorite films, their favorite talent by wearing the shirt or carrying the notebook and other ways that people really like to express their fandom. And also through these very successful live experiences, the Bridgerton experience or the Stranger Things experiences that travel around the world, we are super excited about all of them and you see us stepping into even a newer one with the Stranger Things stage show and theres all kinds of amazing stuff coming in that world. But keep in mind that its mostly to build fandom in a way that can drive revenue, but mostly it strengthens the core of the business.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Great. I guess one last one, so just a follow-up on password sharing. In the markets where you have rolled out password sharing, have you seen any movement between the tiers, like, for example, a household that has a premium subscription, are they going to two standard or anything like that?
Greg Peters: Yeah. We see some of those effects, right? And we know that in especially price sensitive markets, right? So this is also a situation which is very different market-by-market. But in some price-sensitive markets, consumers essentially got to a practical or informal pricing structure by subscribing to premium and then sharing us out, and then, oftentimes, actually having people pay for a fraction of that from -- as they are sharing it. So associated with that, we see some of that being shifted off of those plans and having those people sign up for individual plans as we rationalize that structure, implement the changes that prevent password sharing and also have them be able to use things like extra member or in countries where its relevant the ads plan as a new entry level price. I think you are going to see some of that sorting. And again, we think this really -- its better for the business. Ultimately, it sets us up structurally to have more members to have a one-to-one relationship with those members, to have all the systems that we have work more correctly, to have more transparent sort of pricing connections with those different members on the different plans. So we are excited about getting through that point. But again, I would characterize this as a very country specific kind of approach, where some countries respond that way and other countries really wasnt about that, it was much more about casual sharing.
Ted Sarandos: Jessica, if I could just add really quick, the way that we win over those sharers and the way that we grow the ad plan is to have the content that people cannot live without. And let me just tell you real quick before we get into the close here how we are doing on that front, because this quarter alone, this past Q1, Night Agent became our sixth biggest original season of television in our history, incredible success. We saw returning seasons of You For Season 4, a third season of Outer Banks, a second season of Ginny & Georgia, all shows that have grown from their original first seasons and also shows that have created incredible new stars like Chase Stokes and Antonia Gentry and Madelyn Cline and Penn Badgley, who now have huge fan bases around the world. We saw The Glory, which is from Korea and our fourth biggest non-English launch ever. We had incredible big films with big stars, like You People, Your Place or Mine, Murder Mystery 2 did really well in the multi-cam comedy space with The 90s Show and unscripted with Full Swing. So this past quarter, we were super thrilled with the results of the content and we have to keep that up in order to win over those sharing accounts and also to grow that ad supported tier.
Jessica Reif Erlich: You missed Beef. You didnt say that. Its incredible.
Ted Sarandos: I missed a lunch. Jessica, the reason why when we talk about our content, it sometimes sounds like a laundry list is, its a long list that really illustrates how hard this is to do, its just the hit on the quality and the breadth of the entertainment that people really want. And everyone has said remarkably varied taste that you have to have very different things for different fans and thats what we are good at doing at scale.
Greg Peters: And plus one to Beef as being an amazing drama, I love
Ted Sarandos: Well, thats
Spence Neumann: True.
Ted Sarandos: By the way, thats new this quarter and it has kicked off and its having -- its off to a tremendous start and its again another example of critical acclaim, likely to do well awards season we hope, but loved by fans.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Great. And with that...
Spencer Wang: Ted, did you want to take us home?
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. I just want to tell you a quick. We are really pleased with the quarter. 2023 is off to a good start. Netflix is the leading streaming service in terms of engagement, revenue and profits and streaming is the future of entertainment at home. So on engagement, just yesterday, Nielsen released data that in Q1 of 2023, Netflix was the most watched of any broadcaster or streamer in the U.S. by a pretty nice margin. We have -- and we have plenty of room to grow, even with that tremendous amount of watching, we are about 10% of total TV time in our most established markets like the U.S. and the U.K. On revenue and profit, we are growing, not as fast as we believe we can, not as fast as we would want to, but we are growing and we are profitable, and we have a clear path to reaccelerate growth in both revenue and profit and we are executing on it. You will see a broader rollout of paid sharing in Q2 and we are going to continue to grow that ad business. And we also grow our aiming to continue to grow free cash flow. As we said this year, we are going to generate about $3.5 billion in free cash and on increased margins. So remember that this account sharing initiative helps us have a larger base of potential paying members that we can continue to serve and grow Netflix long-term and thats why we have been so focused on execution. So the variety and quality of our must watch movies, our must watch TV shows, our must play games, we are going to keep working to improve discovery, to have buzzier and more creative marketing, because when we deliver for our members, we deliver as a business. And we keep doing that by doing it just a bit better and a bit faster than our competition every month, every quarter and every year. Thanks, Jessica.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-19 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q4 2022 Earnings Interview. I am Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Executive Chairman, Reed Hastings; Co-CEOs, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Jessica Reif Erlich from Bank of America. As a reminder, well be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, Jessica, over to you for your first question.
Q - Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you and thank you so much for having me today. So Reed, the big announcement about the management changes, could you give us some more color on the process and how you came to this decision?
Reed Hastings: Jessica, it feels like yesterday was our IPO. We were covered in red envelopes, we IPO-ed at about $1. Hopefully, some of you have held the stock, the full 21 years. And when I think of the evolution, the three of us and so many other incredible Netflix employees to go from DVD service to streaming leader in films and television and emerging player in games and now to have over 230 million members, its just  well, Jim Collins probably said it best. He calls it a good start. Weve had a good start. But honestly, we dream of the whole world finding their favorite entertainment on Netflix and we shorthand that as entertaining the world. And the three of us have been working together for 15 years now trying to figure out how do we get through this issue, that issue, how do we grow. And I couldnt be happier to complete our succession process. It really started about 10 years ago with the Board trying to think through how could this work. They both have such amazing talents and gifts and to find a platform where they have been able to contribute is fantastic. About 2.5 years ago, we took a partial step. Ted as Co-CEO, Greg as COO. We continue to just make a super progress. And frankly, more and more, they have been leading the company and this is acknowledging really in formal terms how we have been operating for at least the last few quarters. Its just a great feeling. And when I think about the stock appreciation over the last decade, I know that they want to beat that record and I am all for that. I will be Executive Chairman, helping them everywhere I can, but its really theirs to lead and to do that energy and hustle and intensity that we have been doing. They are very ready. Thats whats driving the timing and so I could not be happier. So back over to you.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Thank you. Subjectively, I will just add that this maybe the smoothest transition we have seen in media for quite a while. Now for Ted and Greg, what does this mean for Netflix? Does this signal a change in strategy or approach?
Ted Sarandos: Jessica, let me start with, first and foremost, to thank Reed personally and professionally. He has been, and I trust will continue to be a role model, a mentor, friend. And 22 plus years, Reed has positively changed my life in every way imaginable and he leaves some big shoes for Greg and I to fill. Unfortunately, we have four feet to do it with. So thats a good thing. In so many ways, the way that Reed has been able to see around corners. Thats why he has been thinking about the succession for the last decade. He generously opened up more of a co-leadership model over a decade ago for he and I, and like he said, 2.5 years ago made it a little more formal. And in that time, delegating a lot of the day-to-day to Greg and I. And in that time, in the 2.5 years weve been working at it. Weve been working together for 15 years, Greg and I. But in the last 2.5 years, particularly, we have been able to build a really trusting, respectful and complementary partnership. In many ways, the same way I have with Reed over the years. And I really do believe that this kind of shared leadership model is going to help us to move fast and to challenge each other, to challenge the company to raise to new heights. And I am just incredible what we are able to do. And to your point, this is the leadership team. Its been pretty stable and thats why that this steady transition feels so steady. This ability of this team has helped us build a great foundation and a culture that can absorb complexity and change. And as you saw in this last quarter, it can rise to any occasion. And Greg, I just want to say I am thrilled to be in this with you. And Reed, we cant thank you enough.
Greg Peters: Thanks Ted. Its a real honor to be asked to take on this responsibility and join you as Co-CEO and frankly a pleasure to be able to continue to working with some of the most amazing leaders that I have ever had the pleasure of working with and frankly, in my opinion, the best leadership team that Netflix has ever had. So Ill just echo Teds comments. Its been a real fun and rewarding experience to work closely with him over the last couple of years especially and Im tremendously proud of the partnership that weve developed in the shorthand and really how we have been able to take what are sort of a complementary set of skills and perspectives and seeing different angles to different situations. But basically, at the end of the day, we are  I have always found are ultimately motivated by the same things, which is that we want to serve our members and we want to grow our business and that is an incredible and powerful lining process to those different perspectives. So I am proud of the work that we have done over 22 in the latter half, especially to get some more momentum into the business, but I am even more excited about continuing to push that into 23 and follow the model that Reed has always had of continually seeking excellence and always driving to be better. So, looking forward to that. And then to your specific question, Jessica, we  there is no big strategy shift or big culture shifts. Ted, Reed and I have been working and sort of grinding through our individual perspectives on this for a long time. And so really, we look forward to taking things forward as we have been for the last little bit in responding to a dynamic industry and doing the changes that we think are appropriate. But we are not  we dont have a bank of changes that were  that we have been holding for this moment. So mostly, its continuity and move forward.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Great. So this was originally for Reed, but now given the change in leadership structure, maybe for all three of you, for Reed, Ted and Greg. One of the best quotes recently was from John Malone, who said shareholders should build a monument for Reed Hastings? John and Rupert Murdoch ran the dominant global media companies in prior decades and we are one of the few media executives who have been able to see around corners. Ultimately, they both sold the bulk of their assets. Netflix is now one of the most dominant global media companies, if not the dominant. What is your view of the next 5 plus years? Do you need to get bigger, stay the course?
Ted Sarandos: Well, the one thing I would point out is that whats happening now and whats going to be happening over the next couple of years is that the consumer is moving to streaming. So the way that they watch content at home delivered to them on Internet on demand, free of the linear schedule and all those things, that is a change, a fundamental shift in the business and you have got to be where the consumer is. And thats what we have been focused on since we started streaming, doing original content 10 years ago, but being really realizing that we really have benefited from being a customer-first company and meeting the customers where they are. And we have also had this blessing of not having to unwind our traditional media business as we built into this one. So we have always been focused on the future and where the consumers are going. And I think our ability to continue to stay focused on that, because we are  this is really  I know as weve been talking about it for a long time, Jessica, but this is really in its infancy. I mean you think about as big as weve become and all these things that are happening. And in the U.S., we are about 8% of TV time still. So, its an enormous amount of growth ahead, even in markets where we are very well established. So, thats the key for us and I think being able to focus on consumers first and has really been our biggest benefit. And I think its what led us to those milestones that you just referred to. Greg?
Greg Peters: Yes. And Jessica, I would say I think that, that translates into being bigger. And I think that means being bigger in terms of touching more members around the world, delivering them incredible entertainment. We will see that in terms of being bigger, in terms of the amount of engagement that we can drive the amount of hours that we are satisfying them, be bigger in terms of the culture impact is too. I mean you have seen  I mean just incredible cultural impact in terms of Wednesday, Stranger Things, the ramifications that these shows have in terms of the popular culture are significant and thats going to get bigger, too. Also it means bigger in terms of revenue and profit stream. So we are looking forward to those as well.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right. So losing subs in 2022 and the market reaction or valuation reset is akin to August 2015 when Bob Iger called out the early decline of pay-TV subs and the impact for Disneys ESPN. It will take a while for Disney to build ESPN Plus into a sports streaming giant. And actually, they may never replace the profitability of ESPN at that point in time. Your pivot seems more broad-based by extending genres and going into new areas whether its games, fitness, live, etcetera. Do you see any similarities or differences to that momentous inflection point, which has certainly shifted Wall Streets view from subs to profits?
Greg Peters: I will take a shot at that and then Ted, maybe weigh in. But I think its a fundamentally different situation. And if you look at where we are at a significant part of what we need to go do is essentially take the core model that we have been operating since we have been starting in streaming and just execute it better in all dimensions. And so whether its the incredible content that Bella and Scotts team are producing constantly, how we are talking about that content to the marketing and conversation that we do, the product experiences and business model innovations that we are doing, but a lot of it really fundamentally is about executing that core model better. We are not  there is not a lot of massive pivots away from a traditional legacy business model that we have to go figure out. We are planting some seeds in terms of games and things like that, that if we execute well and we are excited about the progress we are seeing so far, will represent the future potential for us in terms of growth and more profit opportunities. So thats exciting. But essentially, a lot of this is just continue to execute the play that we have got and do it better and better.
Ted Sarandos: And then I dont know about what the similarities, but I would say that this business is really completely about engagement, profit and revenue. So  and we have got to grow all of those things and all those things are really are tied to executing on that  on the content. When the content is working, the business is working. We grow engagement, we grow revenue, we grow profit. There is an interesting thing starting in July and you think about from Stranger Things Season 4 from the phenomena that became and what we have been able to offer up to our members from that day forward. So they went from Stranger Things to Extraordinary Attorney Woo, which was a phenomenal success throughout Asia and in South Korea, but also built a big cult fan base in the U.S., straight into Sea Beast, which is our biggest animated film ever; straight into Purple Hearts and Gray Man, two of our most watched films ever on Netflix. And then to August, the Sandman and Never Have I Ever Season 3, September, Copra Kai Season 5, Empress, Cyberpunk is this animated adaptation of a videogame thats been hailed as one of the greatest of all time, Narco-Saints, another monster hit from North Korea, the Jeffrey Dahmer Story, Monster, straight into Watcher, back-to-back hits from Ryan Murphy, All Quiet on the Western Front, which just today became the most nominated non-English film in the history of BAFTAs. Only Gandhi has got more nominations in the history of BAFTAs and thats from Germany with the great Ed Burger. And then straight out of there into Enola Holmes 2, a big monster success, sequel to  with Millie Bobby Brown. And you look at all of these things that go back and forth and they go all the way into January now, we will end the month with You People, Eddie Murphy and Jonah Hill. Any outlet would kill to have any one of those months as their entire year. And its our ability to fire on those cylinders and create hits, but more than that create the expectation that as soon as you are done with this one, there is another one waiting for you.
Spence Neumann: Jessica, may I just  just one thing to add, I know but I just think the analogy is kind of fundamentally different. So with ESPN and the example you gave, that was a fundamental kind of shift in the industry from 100 plus million pay-TV connected homes to cord cutting thats on a path down to mid to high single-digit reductions in that distribution platform each year and thats moving in that direction. So its kind of a shrinking core distribution platform where you see in our earnings letter, the world is shifting from linear to streaming. Even in the largest  there is no country where streaming is more than 40% of share of TV time. And in many big countries, as you saw, its less than 5%. So, its our 5%  or its less than 5%, its less than 10%. So there is an incredible runway still in the shift from linear to streaming. And so for us, its about growing into that shift and also obviously competing well and continuously innovating and improving. And what you saw or what we saw and felt when we had that decline in subscribers was really near-term limiters in growing into that big market, but the big market is still growing as opposed to fundamentally long-term limiters in that ESPN shift that you described.
Jessica Reif Ehrlich: Right. So lets move on to some of the drivers of growth, both near and medium-term and start with advertising. So your advertising platform has been open only 2 months and you have amazingly given some money back to advertisers indicating in one way that demand is exceeding supply. The company is - you guys have consistently said you are going to crawl, walk and run. How is the [process] (ph) going relative to your expectations?
Greg Peters: Yes. Like you say, its 2 months. And I think the hardest part is actually that first step when you are crawling, because you dont really know what exactly to expect as you get it going. And now with 2 months, we are ridiculously early, but we have learned a bunch already, I would say. So just ticking through this, I mean, Id say, first and foremost is that we were able to launch this very, very quickly. And the tech is all working. The product experience is good. And thats really a testament to lots of hard work for both Microsoft and Netflix teams who worked very hard to make that happen and its really rewarding to that to see.  The other, Id say, pretty significantly fundamental thing is around engagement and we see that engagement from ads plans users is comparable to sort of similar users on our non-ads plan. So thats really a promising indication. It means we are delivering a solid experience and its better than we modeled and thats a great sort of fundamental starting point for us to work with.  Furthermore, now, we are seeing take rate and growth on that ads plan is solid. Its great, because partly that take rate and that growth is due to incremental subscribers coming into the service, because we have a lower price point, thats $6.99 in the U.S., 4.99 in Germany, just to give you two examples. And so that elasticity is a real  not only a benefit to sort of growing our ad scale and sustainability, but also to the general business. I expect to see that continue to actually grow over the year. That take rate fits sort of within the middle of our other plans, which is another really healthy sign. It means that weve got a complementary set of offerings that are working to sort of satisfy different needs for different consumers at the right mix of features and price points. So thats quite good. Another important one, I think, for the investor community because it came up a lot before we launched was plan switching. We arent seeing as expected much switching from high arm subscription plans like premium into our ads plan. So the unit economy remain very good as we modeled. So these are all really good initial sort of progress points, but I think its important to reiterate that as you mentioned, were crawling and wed like to get to sort of move to the walking phase. Weve got a lot to do to get there. So there is a bunch of technical improvements in terms of ad delivery validation, measurement. Weve got progress already on that, more to do in the next quarter or two. Targeting improvements, which will be better for consumers. More relevant advertising, better for advertisers in terms of more value delivered, a better set of offerings on products for advertisers to buy. Weve got a long list of experience improvements that we know we can deliver that will deliver more value to both subscribers and advertisers. And there is just also some nuts and bolts stuff that we are learning and improving, just things like how do we do a better job with Microsoft at the ad sales and operations processes. There is so much that we need to do both companies need to do to better serve advertisers, serve an increasing number of advertisers and meet that demand. So were just getting started. Were constantly improving, and we see the trajectory ahead of us. And really, our aspirations are ultimately successively over a period of years to basically build, just like we have essentially in terms of the streaming experience, the best, most effective, highest quality premium connected TV ads experience as a win for consumers and advertisers and for us as a business.
Reed Hastings: Spence and Greg. Sorry, Jessica. Spence, maybe give a little context on Hulu, kind of what we know about Hulus advertising. They have got a 10-year head start. And sort of how many years will it take us to sort of pass them in all of these key dynamics?
Spence Neumann: Greg, do you want to go first or you want me?
Greg Peters: No, Ill hand it over to you.
Spence Neumann: Alright. Lets see. I mean Hulu is  yes, they have had a long start, they started in the ads business. They have  we would estimate, reason we obviously dont know exactly, but roughly half of their membership is on the ad tier. Its a multibillion-dollar business for them already, and thats a domestic business, U.S. only. So lower reach, lower engagement than us. So I guess the short story there is we have given what weve seen and what Greg just outlined in terms of the engagement on our ad plan, the strength of the performance in terms of the monetization, kind of the unit economics and our ability to kind of scale in a way that is even better than the kind of comparable ad free plan, plus providing clearly choice that our members or consumers are seeking out because of the sign-up flow that we would expect to be as large or larger over time, certainly in just our U.S. market and more from there. But its  I just want to emphasize, its a multiyear path. So were not going to be larger than Hulu in year 1. But hopefully, over the next several years, we can be at least as large, and we wouldnt be getting into this business obviously, Reed, as you know, if it couldnt be a meaningful portion of our business. So were over $30 billion of revenue, almost $32 billion of revenue. in 2022. And we wouldnt get into a business like this if we didnt believe it could be bigger than at least 10% of our revenue and hopefully much more over time in that mix as we grow. So thats kind of how I see it without putting a specific guide on it.
Jessica Reif Erlich: You committed to an upfront market spot, taking CBSs prior spot, CBS now Paramount spot, which really indicates your long-term advertising goals of being a major advertising platform. Given this is a prime spot on a critical week for advertisers in premium video. Like its just  its amazing how quickly you just took that lot away. Whats the run stage? And how would you and whats the time frame to get there?
Greg Peters: Well, I think as Spence talked about it, it will be an iterative process. To your point, it does signal that we have big aspirations here, and we think there is a big potential opportunity, and so were committed to incrementally execute against that opportunity. But just back to Spences point, we are starting from a zero base essentially. And also, were also starting from a history as a non-ads platform, we had a lot of folks to basically join Netflix fully as non-ad subscribers, and so I think that we will be working through that over a period of time. But again, our goal and aspiration is that this is a very meaningful and significant source of revenue and profit for us over many years to come.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So I mean when you think about the pool of money that youre targeting, linear, lets call it, $50 billion, $60 billion business, seems like the easy money, youve mentioned already. These are shifting from streaming to streaming from linear, so weve seen all of the kind of eyeballs move. And so now you have basically more scale or reach, but the digital pool is much larger. But in the past, youve said youve made comments, the companies may comment that you cant compete with Google and Meta or it would be incredibly difficult to compete with them. Has this changed? Has your view changed?
Greg Peters: Not really. I would say that initially, were competing mostly with that sort of traditional TV advertising pool. Now I think we can layer into that over time, components of what has made digital advertising so effective. So if you think about the targeting capability, the fact that we signed in fully addressable. If you think about the growing relevance of first-party data and how we do that, those are real big advantages that we can bring relative certainly to the traditional TV world. But again, the form that we have at least for the next couple of years will still be in that sort of lean back  primarily in that lean back experience. And so that lends itself to certain kinds of advertising and certain kind of advertising goal. And a lot of the demand collection component that a Google or a Facebook is really good at. We wont be well suited to compete with that for at least some time to come.
Spencer Wang: And Jessica, just to add to that, the good news, as you saw in the letter, is that, that branded video ad market that Greg talked about us focusing on is about $180 billion, globally ex China and Russia. So we have plenty to do and a lot of opportunity ahead just in that area alone.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Yes. No, its an enormous opportunity, but there is also, besides advertising, there is enormous opportunity in incremental subscribers, as you have mentioned. You are the lowest priced service, at least now you are the lowest price, but can you frame the opportunity in terms of sub growth and how youre thinking about it?
Greg Peters: Sure. And just to comment on lowest price. I mean, again, we dont really think about the pricing question from a competitive perspective. Again, were  think of ourselves as a non-substitute good when you think about Wednesday or you think about Glass Onion, these are titles you can only see on Netflix thats extremely powerful. Scott and Bella are delivering more incredible titles that are non-substitutable in that regard. So really, when you think about the pricing question is how do we offer a wide range of options for a wide range of consumer needs? We want to make that spectrum even wider as we seek to serve more members around the world and trying to deliver appropriate value at those different price points, and were doing a good job expanding that range. And so then you think about so there is sort of two pools then of incremental subscribers. There is a bunch of people around the world in countries where were not deeply penetrated, and we have more opportunities to go attract them. A component of that is weve got folks that are watching Netflix who arent paying us as part of basically borrowing somebody elses credentials. And our goal is over this year to basically work through that situation and convert many of those folks to be paid accounts or to have the account owner to pay for them to get enough subscription. But either way, were seeking to sort of monetize the viewing value that were delivering. And then beyond that, its back to Spences comment, even our most penetrated market 8% of total TV time, which is potentially a relatively narrow length to think about the broad competitive entertainment offering. So we have huge opportunity to grow the engagement component that several X. We feel like we can get to if we do a great job of executing across all fronts and that represents a tremendous opportunity for more entertainment value delivered and we believe that the revenue flows from that in time.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Before we get to password sharing, just one last advertising question. You now have roughly a decade of producing your own IP. Any thoughts on offering a fast service over time, free advertising supported television?
Greg Peters: Ted, do you want to take this one?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Look, were open to all these different models that are out there right now, but weve got a lot on our plate this year, both with the paid sharing and with our launch of advertising and continuing to this slate of content that were trying to drive to our members. So we are keeping an eye on that segment for sure.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So on the password sharing, what will drive consumers to pay $3 or $4 per sharing versus becoming a sub with their own profile? Is it affordability? Is there something else? What do you expect?
Greg Peters: Yes. I think there is a range of motivations for different borrowers. So some of it is economically driven and to a part of what were trying to do is that we are being responsive to that and finding the right price points, whether in terms of an individual account or an extra member of forte. And obviously, the ad-supported plans give us the opportunity present a lower consumer face pricing in those countries where we have advertising. Part of it is just what we call casual sharing, which is people could pay, but they dont need to, and so they are borrowing somebodys account. And so our job is to give them a little bit of a nudge and to create features that make transitioning to their own account easy and simple. So we have this basically a profile export feature, which allows you to take your viewing history and all the great recommendations with you. So to your point, there is a range of motivations and I think a range of solutions that we will be able to offer to land people in different places.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Can you provide any details, including the time frame for converting borrowers to paying accounts?
Greg Peters: Yes. So weve been working hard at this and trying to do some sort of thoughtful experimentation to let our members speak to us in terms of what set of solutions work for them. So thats the testing that youve seen us do over the last couple of quarters. We feel like we have gotten to a good set of features. Its the profile export that I mentioned, but there is also a bunch of account management features that we think are important to making this experience work for folks. And so were ready to roll those out later this quarter. We will staggered that a bit as we sort of work sets of countries, but we will really see that happen over the next couple of quarters. And I think its worth noting that this will not be a universally popular move, so there will current members that are unhappy with this move. We will see a bit of a cancel reaction to that. We think of this as similar to what we see when we raise prices. So we get some increased churn associated with that for a period of time. But then generally, what happens is both from the specific changes that we make, we will see folks come on as new subscribers, essentially borrowers creating their accounts or incremental monetization through the extra member that will happen shortly thereafter. And then clearly, our job is to continue to grow value, right, to have more amazing titles that people cannot wait to see and whether thats satisfying those members to make those transitions or winning back essentially folks who have turned off the service and bringing them back on service over the months and years to come.
Spence Neumann: Jessica, sorry, I just  maybe just because we touched on it a little bit in the letter, but just to kind of reinforce a little bit of what that looks like in terms of timing and guidance. So those dynamics that Greg just walked through, because of that as we kind of start to roll this out later in Q1, based on the timing, what we talked about is that we will have modest growth we expect in paid net adds in Q1, but kind of atypical seasonality, where typically Q2 would be a softer pay-at-ad quarter. It will probably be a larger paid net add quarter. And most importantly, what were most focused on is obviously revenue. That is our primary metric. And what you see is in the guide, these revenue initiatives between paid sharing rolling out and then scaling ads, you dont see much of that in Q1, which is why we are forecasting 8% growth FX neutral in Q1 revenue. But throughout the course of the year, we would expect to see accelerating revenue growth as we roll out page sharing broadly across our business and then obviously, scale adds throughout the year, which is a more gradual build. So I just want to kind of highlight that, and thats kind of what youre seeing in the guidance.
Jessica Reif Erlich: And given the revenue drivers of paid sharing and advertising, how are you thinking about price increases in the current year? Is it just too complicated? How are you thinking about it?
Greg Peters: Well, I would say the two initiatives that you described represent the bulk of our pricing strategy in 23. We anticipate that theyll both be revenue positive, revenue accretive significantly. So in the  according to the details that Spence just offered. Now having said that, our core sort of pricing approach in theory remains the same, and so were going to look at the metrics that our members are giving us and telling us and look for opportunities where weve  I think weve done a good job of creating more value for them and for a certain customer segment and a certain tier and a certain country, we think weve done a good job at delivering more entertainment for them. And then we will go back and opportunistically ask for them to pay a little bit more so that keep this virtuous cycle going and really invest that back into incredible content and stories. And maybe, Ted, I dont know if you want to highlight anything you see comment on that side.
Ted Sarandos: No, I would just say that its the massiveness of the content that will make the paid sharing initiative work. Its  that will make the advertising launch work that will make continuing to grow revenue work. And so its across film, across television. Its the content that people must see and then its on Netflix gives us the ability to do that. And we are super proud of the team and their ability to keep delivering on that month-in and month-out, and quarter-in and quarter-out and continuing to grow in all these different market segments that our consumers really care about. So, that to me, is core to all these initiatives working, and we have got the wind at our back on that right now.
Jessica Reif Erlich: But you amazingly continue to expand the genres of content, which, as you guys have mentioned, clearly drives engagement. But the most recent new genre, which you introduced on your platform in  at the end of last  very end of last month is fitness.
Ted Sarandos: Time to your New Years resolution, yes.
Jessica Reif Erlich: One class online could be the price of a nevus of subscription. So, while many of the work at our bite size. I mean some along, they are simple, but deceivingly effective. Can you talk about what your plans are in this area? And as you develop more content, it really, as I said, drives value for anyone who would work out anywhere else. So, how do you define success? And is there anything you could take about partner economics with Nike?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. We cant comment on the partner economics, but I would tell you that we have historically stayed away from the fitness category because its abundantly available online, in many cases, for free, as you know. But we thought if we could partner with a great brand, and Nike is certainly a leading brand in fitness with really well-produced content, which this content is, and then lets go out to our members and see if its something that they value. And we will see that in the engagement and see where we could take it from there. So, I think in that way, working with a great partner and the high quality, to your point, of the content itself, we will put it in a really good test, do people want to use Netflix to get in shape or to get back in shape. And if they do, we would like to keep serving that. And if they dont, we will keep poking around. So, its the way we kind of  we are able to test the market at a very high end with a premium brand partner.
Jessica Reif Erlich: There is constant speculation that you will experiment with sports, which is an expensive rental business for many. Does having an advertising offering change your views on offering sports? And any thoughts that you  on like WWE, which is for sale, that could be  potentially, I just think that could be owned content like any views on sports.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Look, I would say in sports, our position has been the same, which is we really  we are not anti-sports for pro profits, and we have not been able to figure out how to deliver profits in renting big league sports in our subscription model. Not to say that, that wont change. We will be open to it, but thats where its at today. And in WWE, we look at  we have a lot of M&A activity all the time. We look at all of them, but nothing we can comment on.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Does this term play a role in your investments into live events? While life comedy specials seems which have a value outside of the live window, other events, like you just announced that you are going to host the SAG Awards, sports, obviously. These have fairly short use for lives. So, how do you balance the investment in live versus the potential to drive advertising dollars?
Ted Sarandos: I would look at this as part of just like other crawl/walk/run scenarios, where we are really looking at our content that would benefit creatively for being live. So, the results show for one of our competition series that we have or a reunion show that drives news or like the SAG Awards and opportunity to engage audiences live. And because we have got the shelf space, we can do hours of shoulder programming around the live events and all of those things that our members may enjoy. So, I think  there is nothing particularly novel about live television, as you know. But we are dabbling in it, starting with our Chris Rock live concert to try to create the excitement around live for those things that are uniquely more exciting to be live.
Jessica Reif Erlich: The theatrical release of Glass Onion was incredibly successful in its limited release. But  so for some, it looks like you left a lot of money on the table by not continuing beyond the first step one week, do you have any regrets, or can you give us your thoughts on your evolving film strategy?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I am thrilled with every aspect of the release of Glass Onion, starting with Ryan Johnson, and his great film and Scott Stuber and the film team for bringing it to the table. And I think what you saw was a lot of excitement. We drove a ton of us with that theatrical release, and we created a bunch of demand. And that demand, we fulfilled on our subscription service. Our core business is making movies for our members to watch on Netflix, and thats where we are really focused, and everything else is really a tactic to drive excitement around those films.
Jessica Reif Erlich: So, would you like a massive global hit like a Wednesday? There seems to be so many ways you could drive monetization. I know like just staying with margin for a second. Like the Wednesday makeup was sold down in every MAX store in New York City. You could not buy it anywhere. Do you participate in these types of consumer products, or is it just a way to fuel fans, fuel engagement?
Ted Sarandos: Its a little  mostly the fuel engagement and fuel fandom. We actually  we do participate in it. Our owned content, we do drive a lot of revenue in our consumer products business. But mostly, the motivation is that is to drive fandom. And Greg alluded to this earlier, but this impact on the culture that this content can have on our platform. In our earnings letter, we mentioned the Lady Gaga song came back after 11 years because of Wednesday. But that doesnt mention, the four songs this year that we actually jammed back into the charts, some that never charted and some that were off the charts for 40 years from Metallica, Kate Bush, The Cramps. And that impact on culture, Sofia Carsons music career took off because of Purple Hearts. Jenna Ortega picked up 10 million social media followers in the first week Wednesday launched on Netflix. And all of these folks who build these gigantic careers on Netflix then go on to have to own their own companies, sell their own makeup in many cases and become incredibly powerful influencers. And all of that business is drawn because of our  the impact that this distribution platform, and its incredible UI that basically can take something like Wednesday, which was not a slam dunk for people to predict that people would love it as much as they do. And the UI could pick up on that activity in the early going of the release and push it out to where its going to be one of our most watched shows in our history all over the world. And we do use consumer products as a way to intensify fandom. And it could be anything from makeup, from Wednesdays, as you said, or maybe even a hand on your shoulder. Spence?
Spence Neumann: Yes. You never know where Wednesday is going to show up or at least thing. I did get my chance to kind of talk and at the risk of going back to the management changes and say, I am thrilled with the changes. I am going to miss maybe not seeing Reed as frequently as he is supporting Greg and Ted. So, I just brought in a little bit of reinforcement with thing even though Reed is not going anywhere. But this way, I have got a little daily reinforcement.
Jessica Reif Erlich: Sticking with content for a few minutes. The local language hits a building, but tell me on the U.S. hits. How do you think about allocating your $17 billion or so content budget between genres or languages? Like is there any way like you can kind of parse it out?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Its a big task. Watching where viewing is growing and where its suffering and where we are under-programming and over-programming around the world is a big task of the job. Spence and his team support Bella and her team in making those allocations, figuring out between film and television, between local language and what is  and whats really interesting is there isnt  there arent that many global hits, meaning that everyone in the world watches the same thing. Squid Game was very rare in that way. And Wednesday looks like one of those two, very rare in that way. There are countries like Japan, as an example, or even Mexico that have a real preference for local content, even when we have our big local hits. And every once in a while, something like Squid Game is even a big hit in the U.S. So, think about in Q4, we launched a top 10 non-English series nearly every week of the quarter from South Korea, from Spain, from Colombia, from Japan, from Poland. And so the benefit of that kind of local language investment and the benefit of doing that early was that we become exceptional on the ground in those countries. Those content teams generate not just content people want to see, but content thats leading the industry. To have Netflix produce the Academy Award entry film for both Mexico and Germany has never happened in the history of the Oscars. Its really phenomenal. And I mentioned earlier the All Quiet on the Western Front and the success of BAFTA. And keep in mind that these investments are important because it actually increases the total addressable audience for Netflix around the world. Because if we were just doing English content for the world, we would be mostly attracting Western-centric viewers, but our addressable audience is anyone who is watching TV anywhere in the world.
Spencer Wang: Jessica, we have time for one or two last questions. I just want to make sure you have a chance to ask about margins or anything else you might want to ask
Jessica Reif Erlich: So, lets move away from content then. So, free cash flow. First of all, like, what an inflection point, $1.6 billion in 22, roughly $3 billion in 23, $4 billion plus probably in 24. Can you just talk about  historically, you have been more build than buy. Is there any change in philosophy as cash starts accelerating? Can you talk about overall capital priorities? And whats driving that operating margin increase?
Spence Neumann: Spencer, why dont you go first with the capital allocation philosophy, if you like?
Spencer Wang: Sure. Thanks Jessica. So, as we were in the letter, no change at all to our capital structure policy or allocation guidance, which is to, first and foremost, reinvest in the core business and selective acquisitions after that. Those are the main priorities. Beyond that, if we have cash in excess of our minimum cash levels, which we  which is roughly equates to two months of our revenue, then we will return that to shareholders or to our share buyback program.
Spence Neumann: Yes. And I can pick up with margins, I can start with. Its a bit of an explanation. But if you like, in terms of just in the near-ish term, our outlook for 23 and then just generally, whats driving our outlook. But what you saw in the letter, it kind of dates back, frankly. If we walk back to where we were in the beginning of 2022, when we saw a slowing revenue growth, we said, We are going to manage to the target operating margin of 19% to 20%, FX neutral at those January 2022 rates. And we ended the year at 20%, so at the high end of that range. And now as we kind of turn the page to 23, first, I should say, with everything we talked about, we have got  we are quite optimistic in terms of our path forward. I also just want to highlight there is also kind of short-term unusual amount of less visibility than typical because these things we are talking about in terms of our revenue initiatives, whether its scaling our ad platform, launching page sharing, which hasnt globally rolled out yet, these things are early days. And then also all multinationals have a level of macro uncertainty. So, thats a bit of a caveat in terms of the variability in the forecast. But what we see is we see with the  our path to accelerating revenue growth and our high confidence there that as we turn forward to 23, we are guiding to now 21% to 22% FX-neutral operating margins, those same January 2022 rates. We are now into New Year, so we take it forward to January 23 to current rates, and thats a range of our operating margin guidance of 18% to 20%. So, now FX neutral for 23, we are going to manage within that band to deliver at least within 18% to 20% operating margin guide. So, that is growing margins, growing absolute profit. And really whats reflected in there is that this  we have high confidence in our ability to accelerate revenue throughout the course of the year as we scale ads and we launch paid sharing. We have got high confidence in improving the service and the strength of our content slate with everything that Ted discussed here on the call. And we are also continuing to manage our cost structure with increasing discipline. You saw that in the back half of 22 with our slowing expense growth and we will carry that through similarly in 23. So, that all lends itself to our focus, which is kind of healthy growing double-digit revenue growth and accelerating that revenue growth throughout the year, expanding our  both our absolute profit and profit margin and then growing positive free cash flow. So, thats all reflected again with the big caveat that there is a bit less visibility than typical in this near-term. Thats something we will continue to work through. We will obviously know a lot more over the next couple of quarters, a few quarters as we roll out paid sharing, and we will update guidance as appropriate. But thats what plays through and then also plays through that cash flow generation that you see, where we believe with all those dynamics and managing at about the same level of cash content spend that we will have more than $3 billion, at least $3 billion of free cash flow in the year.
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Spence, for that answer and, Jessica, for the last question on all your questions. And before I turn it over to Reed for closing remarks, I just wanted to say as a longtime Netflix employee, as formerly prior to that as an analyst covering Netflix for many years, Reed, it has been a real privilege to work alongside you. And on behalf of all Netflix employees, we thank you for everything you have done for us and the company over the past 25 years, and we are all super excited for the next chapter with you as our Executive Chairman and Ted and Greg as our co-CEOs. So with that, over to you, Reed, to make...
Spence Neumann: Spencer, I just  because I cant just deal with this thing. I just want to thank Reed as well. This is not a goodbye, I know. But its been fantastic. I couldnt have asked for a more incredible experience in the past 4 years with you as our leader, learned so much, across everything from work to humanity. And I am so thrilled with the next chapter with Greg and Ted and you and so super excited. And thanks Reed.
Spencer Wang: Reed, you might be muted.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, guys. Its certainly not goodbye. I am heavily invested in Netflix success. So, there has been 83 earnings calls now, and I honestly have loved them. I love the interaction. But its time for Greg and Ted and the team to lead, and I will be in the prep sessions, but this will be my last earnings call on the screen. Overall, I would say our first 25 years were good, and I am super excited about Netflixs next 25 years being great under our broadened leadership team. Pleasing, our shareholders and members is so satisfied and I just want to thank all of you for your support and look forward to continued more progress. Thank you everyone.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-18 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2022 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of Finance, IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let's jump into it. Doug, over to you for your first question.
Q - Doug Anmuth: Great. Thanks, Spencer. And great to see all of you and thanks for having me join you again today. So let's jump in with advertising. Obviously, a lot of discussion here heading into the launch. You announced details for the new basic with ads tier last week launching in the US and 11 other markets. Can you help us understand how you arrived at the price point and the product features for basic with ads?
Greg Peters: Yes, Doug. So a lot of what we're thinking in terms of setting pricing for basic with ads and how we think about pricing in general anchors on what's the value that we're delivering consumers. We're trying to work very hard to translate the dollars that they give us and do incredible shows. And you can see sort of in Q3 some great examples of the series that we're delivering there, the films were delivering there and their Q4 slate looks incredible as well. And then, specifically with regard to ads, we modeled out essentially what we think the expected revenue is on a variety of different countries that we're launching in to make sure that in a combination of the subscription price that we're charging for basic with ads, plus that anticipated monetization, we'd be roughly call it unit economics-wise revenue positive to neutral. And then, when we look at them, the fact that we think that this lower price will -- consumer-facing price will bring in a lot more members then we're quite confident in the long term that this will lead to a significant incremental revenue and profit stream.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And, I guess, just to clarify there when you talk about kind of getting neutral and perhaps more accretive over time, how -- what are you comparing that to on a unit economic basis that's essentially more to the basic tier?
Greg Peters: Yes. It may be relevant to note that we don't see a lot of member switching plans. So oftentimes when they come in and they select the plan for a given feature, let's say, that's the 4K resolution. We see that to be a pretty sticky choice. And so, when we're thinking about unit economics being neutral to positive, we're really comparing to the like feature set in the basic without ads.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Okay, great. So maybe you could talk a little bit about what gives you confidence in that advertising arm? And how would you frame advertiser demand thus far? I know, Jeremy, last week talked about having hundreds of advertisers on board and ad inventory almost sold out.
Greg Peters: Yes. We started with a bunch of models that were informed by, obviously, the ad activities in those different countries around the world. But now we're in the point where we get to take those models and we got to bring them actually to advertisers and sort of see what's working in practice. And it's been great to see both our partner in Microsoft and their sales team as well as our small but crack ad sales team in actual action with brands and with agencies working through that. And I would say that, the initial demand that we're seeing is very strong. So people are very excited about the proposition of bringing their brands and their ads to a bunch of consumers around the world that are watching our shows. They're excited about the positioning against the incredible content and the titles that we have. And so, that demand has been very, very strong. And so we're seeing sort of a lot of the expectations that we built into our models come through in that actual sales process. So that's great. I think it's also worth noting though that we're very much in the walk -- a crawl-walk-run kind of model that we talked about before, we're sort of iteratively improving. And so, we're building in a lot of capabilities over the next couple of quarters that we think are important to advertisers to make that advertising offering increasingly attractive and, sort of, check a bunch of boxes that they have. You might have seen the verification partners that we announced. That's a pretty good example of that. But we've got a lot more on that road map to go do that we're excited about delivering for brands. 
Doug Anmuth: Okay. So in terms of those capabilities targeting, obviously, very important here as well. I think, you've talked about having broad targeting by country and genre and I think within the top 10 shows and I believe you also asked for age and gender at the time of sign-up as well. Early feedback from marketers and agencies has been that the targeting options at launch are fairly limited. What's your view on that? And how will that targeting evolve over time?
Greg Peters: Yes. Again, I think, we're starting -- part of what we want to do is actually get this out to market quickly. And you could see we went from basically the point we announced it to delivering it in about six months which has been a testament to a lot of hard work on internal teams and to Microsoft. But we do have relatively basic targeting capabilities in terms of contextual targeting genre et cetera. But that's, sort of, consistent with what we see with television as well, right? And obviously now our job is to move from that into more of what we expect from a digital world where we have 100% signed-in audience fully addressable, fully targetable and so we can start to layer in additional targeting capabilities over time. I think it's also worth noting when we talk about that that we're very cognizant of privacy and we want to make that paramount and how we think about this offering and all of the data that we use will just be used to basically deliver more relevant ads offering on Netflix and we're not using that data in any way shape or form for a profile building off Netflix or anything like that. 
Doug Anmuth: Okay. There's been a lot of discussion in the press about CPMs that are really 2x to 3x those of CTV or other AVOD players. Is that accurate? And what justifies the much higher pricing for Netflix? 
Greg Peters: I'm not going to comment on any specific pricing, but I would just say that I think we've got a very attractive offering and that's a combination of the audience that we have that we're delivering to that oftentimes it's hard to access in other ways, certainly harder to access in traditional TV in many cases. And it's a result of the incredible content that we've got. So Ted's team is doing an amazing job at producing titles that advertisers want to be next to. And so that's I think what you see is driving the demand and the pricing that we can get. 
Doug Anmuth: Okay. You've talked in the past about wanting the ad offering to be innovative and somewhat different over time. If we think about the range of four minutes to five minutes of ads per hour it's certainly lower. You've talked about tight frequency capping. What else do you think is innovative at least in the initial offering? And then how does that evolve more over time? 
Greg Peters: Yes. As you noted we want to start with an experience that's very pro-consumer-centric. And so that's definitely informed both our ad load and thinking about the frequency capping. What I love about those things is the more we talk to brands and advertisers there's actually a high degree of alignment between, sort of, what their desires are and we think is great for consumers. So they're enthusiastic about not having high frequency caps and having sort of -- a sort of more unique offering there. And also limited ad loads sets their ads apart more distinctly. So I think I love that alignment to begin with. And then over time we're going to access a bunch of the capabilities that you've seen us leverage over the last 10 years to think about innovation in the space. So personalization I think is a great example where we don't need to think about the ads experience as being uniform across all of our members. And we think about we can leverage the personalization capability that we've built in terms of titles and how we present titles and also in terms of how we present ads. So I think that's an exciting dimension that we're going to work on as well. And additionally we're also excited to work with partners and our advertisers to think about what is that ad experience, the ad format that is really best suited for premium connected TV. And we're starting with meeting the market where it's at today. That's important to access all the capabilities they've got but we don't need to stay there. And I think we're looking forward to over a couple of years understanding what is the right native format for premium connected TV and figuring out what that looks like.
Spence Neumann: And Doug I might just add also just part of the innovation was just for us the business innovation of speed to market. As Greg said getting from announced to launch within six months and to doing so in every region in which we operate, so 12 markets that represent well over half of our revenue today so part of it is just that nimbleness and speed, which hopefully will bring to our innovation path going forward.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. In terms of subscribers, how do you think about just this concept of new net adds versus trade-down from existing subs on the basic with ads tier? It's, obviously, a pretty frequent discussion with investors.
Greg Peters: Yeah. Again, I think it's important just to reiterate that we don't see a lot of plan switching on the existing plan set. So that's I think a worthwhile point to note. And then, obviously, as we stated before we're not really trying to steer our members to one plan or another. We're trying to take a pro-consumer approach and let them find and land on the right plan for them. And as we stated we modeled out that expected performance on ad monetization and factor that into our thinking around price point for the basic with ads. And so we really anticipate that this is going to be a pro-consumer model that will be more attractive bring more members in because the consumer pricing price is low. But then again the economics and the revenue will be fine as a result even if some of those consumers switch plans. And again just to restate this when you factor in those extra members, we expect this leads to a significant and incremental revenue and profit stream.
Doug Anmuth: And how do you think about the impact in terms of reducing churn and perhaps how that plays out across some of the different markets given different characteristics and levels of penetration?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I think generally what we've seen is that, obviously, lower price helps with churn. And so I think that there'll be some positive dynamics there. But again really, we're in early days now and we've got to launch this thing and we'll learn so much more over the months to come.
Ted Sarandos: Again so much of that is tied to engagement. I mean, the best way to reduce churn is to keep them entertained.
Doug Anmuth: Right, which you've clearly done in this past quarter and we'll talk more about that in a minute Ted. At the Code Conference last month Sundar said that the Netflix-Microsoft ad deal is one of the biggest ad deals ever. Are there any particular components of the deal that give you confidence in the advertising revenue outlook here and how it compares to subscription over time?
Greg Peters: Well, one of the big factors for us in picking Microsoft is that we felt like we were highly strategically aligned. They had an approach that was similar to ours, which is that we want to launch and then learn quickly and iterate quickly and that there was a lot of flexibility both in terms of innovation around the formats and approaches that we just talked about. Partly it was a lot of flexibility in thinking about how do we leverage the combined go-to-market capability that Microsoft has a lot of right now and that we have very little, but we're going to build overtime.  And frankly when I see the demand that we're in right now, we're stretched between the two teams to really support all that. So, I'm actually excited about our ability to grow that capacity on the Microsoft side that I think they're going to do some hiring and building and we're going to do some hiring and building and then through that joint capacity growth be able to better serve more advertisers which we can't even  we cant even - actually were turning some folks away right now because we just don't have the go-to-market capacity to serve everyone.
A  Reed Hastings: And Doug at that same conference Bob Iger said that linear TV was going off a cliff.
Doug Anmuth: He did. 
Reed Hastings: And what we under or what I underappreciated was just the impact on advertisers. They're just being able to reach fewer people and then the 18 to 49 demographic is even faster than the decline in pay-TV. So this is what is really fueling the cycle is that really collapse of linear TV as an advertising vehicle outside of a few properties like sports.
Doug Anmuth: So Reed maybe that just brings up the question -- and for you as well, Greg. I mean when you're going out to agencies and marketers do you feel like you're going after linear TV dollars or are you going after digital dollars right now? 
Greg Peters: I'd say when you look at the capabilities of our -- the current offering that we have as a publisher I think we're mostly competitive with linear right now. Obviously, I think that we'll build into that over time and a lot of what makes digital attractive will be part of our offering as we go. Obviously, I think when you think about sort of demand capture and those direct response ads versus sort of the more brand side, we're probably going to be leaning for sometime more into that brand side of things where we can be more competitive.  But I think those roles are going to blur over time realistically. And our job is to be highly competitive with the components, the technical components that we can add in in terms of targeting etcetera. But also then be very competitive because we have really incredible content and an incredible audience that advertisers want to connect with.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And Spence in terms of ad revenue it feels like it should be very high margin. Maybe you can just talk about some of the key costs or investments in running the ad business given that Microsoft is responsible for the bulk of that sales for now? 
Spence Neumann: Yes, I'd agree with you Doug. Again, we need to build this out over time. As Greg said on a unit economic basis, we feel good that this will be kind of net neutral to positive out of the gate and then when you add in the incrementality on subscribers we think we can build a big incremental revenue and profit stream. So, there are some costs, obviously there's some cost to our partnership with Microsoft. There's some cost of building out our side of the internal team to kind of build out our capabilities with Jeremy and Peter. And then obviously some other costs here and there.  But overall, I'm not going to get into specifics, but we believe this can be margin accretive over -- certainly margin accretive overtime. It's going to be pretty small out of the gate. It's kind of reflected in our Q4 guidance. As you can see don't -- it's an intra-quarter launch. We're not expecting any material financial impact in this first kind of partial quarter, but we'll build overtime and it will be additive to the business. 
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Great. All right. So, for the record we're not hitting subscriber numbers until about 15 minutes in here. So -- but you added 2.4 million subs in the third quarter. You're expecting 4.5 million in 4Q. Maybe you can just kind of walk us through how you're feeling about core subscriber growth before you kind of get into the dynamics in 2023 around advertising and paid sharing.
Reed Hastings: Well, thank God, we're done with shrinking quarters. So that's a big feeling of  we're back to the positivity. Obviously, this quarter in the guidance for Q4 are reasonable not fantastic but reasonable. And then we got to pick up the momentum. Everything the company is focused on, whether that's on the content side, on marketing, lowering prices to the ad supported, the paid sharing, the [Indiscernible] approach we're doing there lines us up for a good next year. We still got FX. So that's a huge hit as we've explained. So that's not going to go away. But other than that all the stars are lining up very well for us. Spence, do you want to add to that?
Spencer Wang: Yes, Reed, no, you're doing my job for me, which is great. I appreciate that. But yes, we're  as we said, we're not  we're still growing as fast as we'd like. So we're building momentum. We're pleased with our progress but we know we've got a lot more work to do. We're pleased with Q3. We saw acquisition growth a bit more than we had in the past few quarters, which is great across every region. Churn remained, yes, slightly elevated kind of similar to where we were at the end of Q2. But overall, when you combine those two things, we delivered paid net adds of 2.4 million, which is a little bit above our guide. So we kind of under forecast there obviously. And then for Q4, as we talked about and as we talked you mentioned  we're guiding to 4.5 million paid net adds. Reflected in that guide is what we talked about. We're off to a nice start. I'm sure Ted will talk about the strength of the content slate. We started with Monster, the Jeffrey Dahmer story and into The Watcher and others that are building. So it's a strong seasonal quarter. But some of those revenue accelerators that we know we're focused on in the near-term, whether it's ads, we just talked a bunch about that. There's not going to be  we don't expect at least a big financial impact in this first launch quarter. And we also  as we talked about in the letter, we have a solution that we'll be rolling out in 2023 for paid sharing and monetizing all that unpaid viewing, we've been talking about. But again that doesn't even start rolling out until early 2023. And there's some other near-term limiters to our growth. There's  on the  take currency out, we still have penetrating the connected TV market and the sales cycle there. We got competition. We've got some macro strain, whether it's higher inflation, energy prices and some of the geopolitical strain around the world. So all those things are factored into our guide. It's a little bit less visibility than we typically would see. But overall, we feel really good that we're building that momentum. We've set a path to the growth. You're seeing growth in paid net adds both in actuals for Q3 and into the guide to Q4 and most importantly, a path to accelerate revenue growth and hit the ground running in 2023.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Great. You had your two biggest English language series ever I think in the span of three to four months with Stranger Things 4 and Dahmer. Do you believe the content cadence is becoming more normalized to your post-pandemic? And how much of a factor were those titles in driving 3Q subs and now more momentum into the fourth quarter? 
Ted Sarandos: Look, big shows that folks engage with and talk about drives a lot of growth. I do think it's  people come to value that. And for us our goal is we've got to get them to come to expect it. So right after they finish something great that they love that there's an expectation that there's something right behind it. So you described it pretty nicely. You come out of Stranger Things Season 4. You roll right into a big movie like Gray Man or a movie that you fall move with like Purple Hearts or a great animated feature like Seabees, then you do with that and you roll right into Monster, the Jeffrey Dahmer story. And then right out of that, I mean back-to-back kits from Ryan going right and right into The Watcher. So, I think it's -- that cadence is something I do think we're getting better at as we get more and more mature in our creation of original content. Remember Doug, we've only been at it for 10 years.
Doug Anmuth: Yes. The other thing is -- go ahead Reed, sorry.
Reed Hastings: Ted maybe just talk a little about the smoothing of content monthly kind of what state we're at this year, what you think we can get to next year sort of easing out of that COVID concentration.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. COVID got a lot of content jammed up in the later parts of the year and then -- and that impact rolls out and rolls out, because even when people are getting back to normal work, they were all working on those projects during COVID. So, it takes -- it will take several years to completely unwind the COVID logjam. And historically, Q4 tends to be a little heavier than Q1 and Q2, mostly because of the historical legacy of the fall TV series and the fall film cycles, with film festivals and award cycles and all those things that are kind of unnatural to viewers watching. So, we're trying to be more and more aggressive about smoothing that out to make sure that the content is available when people are ready to watch it.
Doug Anmuth: Okay.
Spence Neumann: And just to add to that, it's really kind of smoothing it out across all of our content categories. So there's always something great to watch whatever your mood or taste. And even just to build on Ted's point, it's not just kind of the English language titles. And I'm sorry if I missed some of what he said. But even if you think of the last -- in this last quarter, whether it's every region Sintonia in Brazil, the Ambers in Germany, High Water in Poland, Narco-Saints in Korea, more and more of those big local titles with big local impact as well that can -- that also have the ability to travel. So, it's really kind of getting that cadence in every country and region around the world.
Ted Sarandos: And probably, none was a better example of this go around than Extraordinary Attorney Woo from Korea, 400 million hours of watching around the world. Just a real phenomenon that we can take a show that other folks would view as being extraordinarily Korean and make it work around the world.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Ted, there's a lot of discussion just around the philosophy around content. And I guess the question is, is there a process or selectivity changing at all in terms of the greenlighting of content? Does it need to?
Ted Sarandos: Look the -- let me go back to what I was saying earlier. We started this about 10 years ago. We had no IP. We had no library. We moved as quickly as we could to build a library of our own IP and to build our own library. And in those 10 years, that library now gets more viewing more revenue and more profit than all of our competitors who've been at it for over 100. So when I look at that and think, okay, along the way we probably made a lot of mistakes. And we learned a lot. So today, when I think about what we learned today, we've kind of developed a lot stronger skill sets and partnerships and processes to ensure quality of delivery and working with our creators and to give them the tools to deliver for the audience, some things that are fairly proprietary and some things that just benefit from the scale of our business, so that they can really do what we want to do, which is please audiences. And you've got to remember as we go to do that it isn't just making prestige shows in English. It's also making a very kind of pop culture television across every genre, across every format imaginable. And in doing that, that's the thing that I think we can bring scale and creativity and audience connectivity that others can't compete with. So for me, that's the biggest thing that when you say are we sharpening our tools, are we getting better, we're definitely getting more mature about the process. And then, if you go all the way back to the beginning of time, we didn't have any staff, we'd had any experience creating original anything on Netflix. So, we build that up to where we're at today, which is in the last quarter we've released seven of our most popular releases of all time just in this last quarter.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Great. You talked last quarter about content Spence staying kind of flattish around $17 billion or so number in annual cash spending. So, I realize that, that's up this year, when you kind of take out the incremental COVID costs from last year. But does the discipline around content spending push you to do anything differently? And I guess, what's your confidence that you can deliver both the quantity and also the quality of content that you want within that number across all regions?
Ted Sarandos: Look, I think what we're seeing Doug is that, both the scope and scale, as well as the range and the cadence of hits is improving. So that  I feel better and better about that $17 billion of content spend, because what we have to do is be better and better at getting more impact per $1 billion spend than anybody else. And that's how we're focusing on it. So, I think we're about the right  we're spending at about the right level. And as we reaccelerate revenue, we'll revisit that number of course, but we're a pretty disciplined bunch about that. 
Doug Anmuth: Okay. The Knives Out sequel Glass Onion so pretty highly anticipated. You're going to release it in a limited number of theaters, I think for a week around Thanksgiving, before hitting Netflix, I believe on December 23. But there also seems to have been a push to perhaps run it for a longer period of time in theaters. So, maybe you can just talk about some of the debate there, what the rationale is to just do it for one week? And how do you think that that kind of release will drive viewership on Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: Well, first, I'll tell you, we're in the business of entertaining our members with Netflix movies on Netflix. So that's where we focus all of our energy and most of our spends. Our films are always heavily featured in film festivals around the world, because they're in demand, made by the greatest filmmakers on the planet. And for all those folks who can't get to a city where a festival is this one week release on 600 screens is a way of creating access to the film, and building buzz the same thing we're doing in those festivals. So I would look at this as, just another way to build anticipation for the film, and build buzz and reputation for the film ahead of its Netflix release. There's all kinds of debates all the time back and forth, but there is no question internally that we make our movies for our members, and we really want them to watch by Netflix. And of course, with one week of release in theaters, most people will see them on Netflix, just like they see all movies. Most people watch most movies at home. So we think that, there's a plenty of  and I think this particular release sits somewhere between that week we have to run movies to qualify for awards, and the time that we run them in a film festival, and the time that we travel them around, but it's a way of condensing that into a louder event.
Doug Anmuth: Got it. Okay. Pretty clear. Let's shift gears a little bit talk about paid sharing. You announced profile transfer yesterday, which facilitates non-paying members shifting their recommendations and history and other settings to a new account. Maybe you can talk about how this is a potential precursor to having borrowers kind of become either having their own accounts or adding to an existing member. And just how we should think about timing of the rollout there?
Greg Peters: Sure. The profile transfer, I mean, supports a couple of different use cases, right? I mean, there's obviously situations where you can imagine like you have a kid at home, who is going to go off and become an adult, and get their own account, and it supports those ones. But it does enable a key thing that we learned around how we think about paid sharing. And we've been working really hard to try and find essentially a balanced position and approach towards this one that supports customer choice, and frankly, a long history of customer centricity that we think is informed how we think about establishing our service, but balancing that with making sure that as a business we're sort of getting paid when we're delivering entertainment value to consumers. And as we try to deal with pretty much all of our product changes where we can, we try and try different approaches and listen to our members and use their reactions to help us understand what's working and what's not working. So, we've tried a couple of different approaches in different countries. You saw that. And based on the customer feedback that we're getting, we sort of landed on an approach towards paid sharing that we think strikes that balance. And a key component of that is the ability for borrowers, people that are using somebody else's account right now to access Netflix to be able to create their own separate account. And part of that is transforming their profile and their viewing history and all the great information that basically informs hopefully great recommendations for them. And we think that that sort of separate account path will be especially attractive in countries where we're launching that lower-priced basic with ads plan that lower price, obviously, makes that more attractive. Another component of this though is allowing account owners to be able to pay for Netflix for some friends or family something they want to share the service with. And so they're able to create a sub account which we're calling extra member to enable that model too. So, we're trying to come up with a range of options that supports customer choice balances those considerations but also ensures that we've got a sustainable business model that allows us to invest in more of that great entertainment that Ted's team has always focused on for all of our members. So, we're looking forward to getting that out in early 2023.
Doug Anmuth: And do you think extra member and kind of new accounts could that be bigger than advertising in 2023 for Netflix?
Greg Peters: I don't -- I want to say which is to be bigger or better. I think they're complementary in many ways. And what we're seeing is that there's a number of different needs, right? Paying for Netflix for somebody that you want to share that service with, that's a legitimate need. Creating a lower price that balances out for us as a business with monetization from ads that's a legitimate need to get to all the great content that we're making. So, I just think of this as a range of options that try to speak to a range of different needs, the right price points, the right feature set. And we're really just trying to do a better job at expanding that range so that we can serve more consumers on the planet in the right way.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Spence maybe you could talk a little bit just about the decision to no longer provide guidance on subscribers starting next quarter.
Spencer Neumann: Sure. Spencer do you want to take that one, or... 
Spencer Wang: Sure. Happy to take it. I appreciate the question Doug. So, maybe just to start focusing on subscribers in our early days was helpful. But now that we have such a wide range of price points, different partnerships all over the world, economic impact of any given subscriber can be quite different. And that's particularly true if you're trying to compare our business with other streaming services. So, that's why we've been increasingly focused on revenue as our primary topline metric as you've heard us talk about the last several years. And this is going to be I think even more important as we head into 2023 and we develop new revenue streams like advertising and paid sharing where membership growth is only one aspect of the revenue picture. So, just to be clear, we will continue to report our global membership every quarter when we release earnings as well as the pay net adds. We'll also continue to disclose our regional membership as we do today. And in terms of our revenue guidance, you should expect that we'll give you some color on the underlying drivers of the revenue forecast, but we just won't provide a pinpoint paid net ads figure per se. And then lastly we'll continue to provide guidance for all the other metrics Doug that we do today namely revenue, operating income, operating margin, net income, EPS, and share count. So, in the grand scheme of things, pretty minor change.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. That's great. That's helpful. If we look at the 4Q guide, 4% operating margin. It's heavily impacted by FX pressures. I think it's 10% ex FX and I guess on a year-over-year basis kind of up from 8%. Maybe you can just talk about some of the factors there. Is there anything fundamental in terms of the business that's kind of perhaps weighing there a little bit more on 4Q margins, or is it kind of all FX?
Spence Neumann: It's really all FX Doug as you said. I mean, year-over-year neutral constant currency we're actually up at a -- we'd be a 10% margin versus 8% prior 4Q. So it's -- the FX drag is significant. We mentioned in the letter if we look at our -- you can do the math on our four quarters now and you kind of roll it out to a full year number, we're still holding to what we're calling FX neutral to the beginning of the year January 1 of this year to that 19% to 20% margin range FX neutral. You can -- you'll see it's -- it actually is in the mid to higher end of that range. But on a reported basis, it's just a little over 17%. So there's about 2.5 points of FX drag in our margin. That equates to it's about $1 billion of revenue drag about $800 million of margin drag. And the bulk of that is being felt in the fourth quarter as it's built up through the year.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And then I guess maybe you can just talk about cash content spending. Just to confirm, it sounds like you're kind of reiterating the same thing around the $17 billion type of level going forward. What does that mean for free cash flow generation over these next few years?
Spence Neumann: Yeah. So as you said, it's -- we're kind of maintaining the guidance that we had. We think the $17 billion is about the right ZIP code plus or minus to spend as we're -- based on our current revenue trajectory. As Ted said, as we hope and expect to reaccelerate revenue, we'll revisit those spend levels. But for now, given all those learnings that Ted mentioned, we think we can deliver more member value per dollar of content spend than we have in the past. So we expect our content slate to get better and better each quarter and each year over the next couple of years. And the way that then translates to cash flow for this year, we're maintaining our roughly $1 billion of free cash flow guide plus or minus a couple of hundred million. There's always movement at the end of the year for timing and then next year for that free cash flow to substantially improve beyond that. So we expect it to be materially above the roughly $1 billion this year. We won't put a specific guide out now, but it will be significantly larger.
Spencer Wang: Doug, we have time for about two last questions please.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Reed, so you talked about -- according to Nielsen right streaming time now surpasses both broadcast and cable. And of course, Netflix has played a major role here in driving that transition. What is this next period of streaming look like in your view clearly more competitive, more ad supported, but how else do you think it evolves?
Reed Hastings: That's a great question, Doug. I mean, clearly, us and Disney are investing heavily and will be two big brands in the premium space. YouTube is very strong on connected TVs so they will continue to grow. I think depending on how SUNDAY TICKET lands at some -- Apple Amazon somewhere else, you'll start to see a bunch of people focus on sports and bringing that over to on-demand. And then Tickets, how mobile telephony just slowly replaced fixed-line telephony. And that was even before smartphones right just on the convenience. And you're just going to see it grow every year for many years ahead and makes TV a lot more convenient, more enjoyable, and smart TV now costs less than a mobile phone. It doesn't have a battery. It's got a smaller processor. It's easier to manufacture. So, smart TVs are getting ubiquitous and lower cost. There was the supply chain slowdowns, but generally I think you'll see around the world smart TV is continuing to get to every home in the world that has a TV. So that's all very positive vector. So, again think of it on basically pretty steady every year climbing share. And then a lot of us battling it out for do we have the best content in the world, do we have the best suggestions in the world at lowest prices, all the classic competitive dynamics. So, we're pretty excited about this next phase, which is competitive excellence. And it's straight-ahead execution. If we can just be better than everybody else and we're pretty driven with that.
Doug Anmuth : Okay. So to close out, I'm not going to ask you about 4Q content, but I'd like to ask each of you the single most important thing for you and your teams to accomplish in your respective roles over the next 12 to 24 months. And I'll leave it to you guys to -- for whatever order you'd like.
Reed Hastings : I'll go first. I mean, for me it's the overall direction of what we're doing and that there's kind of clear context for everyone that if we execute down this particular path well then we're going to win. So that's very exciting and we're on target for that. 
Ted Sarandos : And Doug we have to continue to deliver enormous quality and scale. The volume of releasing that we're doing it's not that we're putting out so much content just dumping the content into the world, we're actually we're trying to super serve hundreds of millions of people with individual tastes and individual relationships with content. And to do that at scale something that's never been done before and we continue to kind of sharpen the tools to deliver on that every -- not just for the next 12, 24 months, but for the foreseeable future, but I think this time right now is just as important as it ever has been. 
Spencer Wang: Doug for me, I'll have two suggestions. So one is as you've heard us say, we want to build a really big, but also a very profitable business. So in our role in corporate strategy and planning, we want to help the company build and refine the muscle around big profits over time. And then secondly, we've been doing more M&A over the last year or so. So, again, it's getting better and better at that in terms of integration and making sure those deals live up to the expectation.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. And I'll -- I can add to Spencer's point, we're really in kind of that support role and in finance and operations across the company, so helping to really scale and mature the combination of creative excellence and operational excellence in our support roles and support our ability to become a truly an increasingly global company around the world with increasing kind of financial discipline to get more and more of that dollar of spend on to the screen for the enjoyment of our members.
Greg Peters: Doug, I'll cheat and give you two. I mean tactically, we are sprinting at ads and it's been super fun to see teams engaged and doing incredible work to make that happen in such a short time. But behind the scenes, we're doing amazing stuff on improving the -- what we call the choosing experience, which is the content discovery and recommendations and all the things that essentially, I think takes all the work that Ted's teams do and tries to magnify the value of that for the users we have around the world. And sometimes, those things are subtle, because they sort of happen behind the covers if you will. But every quarter that we see improvements there, I know we're doing a good job for our members around the world.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Great.
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Doug. And since you didn't ask, I'm going to take another couple of seconds to tell you about Q4 anyway.
Doug Anmuth: Go for it.
Ted Sarandos: The Watcher is already turning out to be enormous. We have returning season of The Crown, Emily in Paris, Manifest, Dead to Me, Firefly Lane, Ginny and Georgia, an origin story from the World of Witcher. We have an incredible new action series starring Noah Centineo, called The Recruit. We have Tim Burton's television directorial debut with Wednesday. We have a new series from Guillermo del Toro called Cabinet of Curiosities. And from around the world are some of our most successful shows like Alice in Borderland and Barbarians and Elite are back for new seasons too all just in Q4. So let me say, first and foremost, we have a lot of work to do, to continue to reaccelerate revenue. We're really happy with our levels of engagement, the number of hit series and films, that we're able to put to our members at prices that they think are a phenomenal value in these strained economic times and we're growing, even in those strained economic times and with the extraordinary levels of competition out there for streaming dollars and for hours of viewing. We stood up an ad product in six months with this -- and with the tremendous demand on that product and with a great partnership with Microsoft and with Greg Peters and his phenomenal team that runs that effort, our basic with ads tier is going to help us open up Netflix to a whole new audience of folks who are attracted to all that great content at an even lower price point.
Ted Sarandos: In Q4, we look forward to bringing this incredible slate to everybody and as we continue to grow in this world of film and television games, which we believe that the future of television of films and the games is streaming. And we're working hard to continue to grow our lead in this area, while we continue to bring healthy returns. And we can only do that by bringing the shows the films and games that people love. So, wait till you see, Glass Ceiling in a night of mystery and wait till you see the new season of The Crown and you'll know just what I'm talking about. Thanks Doug.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-19 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2022 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. With that, I'll turn it over to Doug now for his first question.
Q - Doug Anmuth: Great. Thanks Spencer. Great to see all of you, and thanks for having me host again today. So, there's clearly a lot to talk about on advertising and new initiatives, but let's start with talking about recent trends. So, you expected to lose about 2 million subscribers in the quarter, and you did a little bit better at a loss of $970,000. What drove the slightly better-than-expected results in the quarter?
Reed Hastings: Looking at the quarter, Doug, we're executing really well on the content side. Obviously, Ozark, Stranger Things, lots of titles, lots of viewing. We're improving the -- everything we do around marketing, improving the service, the merchandising, and all of that slowly pays off. If there was a single thing, we might say Stranger Things. But again, we're talking about losing 1 million instead of losing 2 million. So, our excitement is tempered by the less bad results. But looking forward, streaming is working everywhere. Everyone is pouring in. It's definitely the end of linear TV over the next five, 10 years, so very bullish on streaming. And then our core drivers are just continuing to improve. And then, of course, we'll talk later in the call about monetization and how that's improving. So, tough in some ways, losing 1 million and calling a success. But really, we're set up very well for the next year.
Spencer Neumann: And Doug, I'd just add to that. I mean the business is -- remains really resilient. I mean basically, what you see in the quarter is it played out generally as expected, as Reed said. So, the minus 1 million versus minus 2 million is slightly better in terms of member growth. And then on revenue, operating income, cash flow, other than the strengthening US dollar, which I'm sure we'll talk about it affects multinationals around the world, our revenue was in line with guidance. If you adjust for that in our restructuring costs, our operating income was above guidance. Our EPS was above guidance and our cash flow remains strong. So, overall, generally delivering as expected.
Doug Anmuth: So, almost all of the subscriber base has seen a pricing change over the past year. How do you think about that in terms of a factor just perhaps in 2Q and maybe even going forward just in terms of gross adds or churn? I think you still have perhaps some rollout in UK and Ireland and maybe the tail perhaps in 2Q in the US.
Greg Peters: That's right.
Spencer Neumann: Go ahead. Go ahead, Greg, and then I'll--
Greg Peters: Okay. Yes, I'll kick it off, and then you could take expense. But I would say most of what we've seen in the countries that you mentioned, the big ones that we've done so far this year, US, UK, Ireland, we've seen pretty much the standard response that we've seen historically over the last five years or so, which is we typically have this adjustment period where there's slightly higher churn post the price change. And that's certainly what we've seen in those countries. But then if we do a good job basically at taking those price changes, which are significantly net revenue positive and investing those into more great content and the product experiences and marketing and magnifying the conversation around our titles. Then we know that we'll deliver more entertainment value when we'll be able to return those metrics. And that's certainly what we are seeing in the United States, for example, where we're seeing those like the churn, for example, that you mentioned, returned to pre-price change levels. So largely, that performance is as we've seen historically and what we would expect.
Spence Neumann: So Greg, you hit on it at the end in terms of the -- it's part of what you see in the Q2 performance and the Q3 guide is that we're getting further away from some of those price changes. We always expect to see some slight elevated churn after price increases, as Greg said, highly kind of revenue positive. And so we had some elevated churn early in the quarter because we had some big price changes, big markets that had price increases like US, UK, Ireland, some other parts of EMEA, early in both Q1 and rolling through Q2. But then as we get further past that, that's part of why you see positive paid net-adds guidance in Q3.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. So when you think about the back half, and Spence, you just mentioned some of them, but some of these factors seemingly improve just as you get perhaps greater distance from some of the pandemic pull forward. You mentioned greater distance from pricing, better seasonality. I think the content slate builds through the year. I guess the question is, why only 1 million net adds in 3Q? And how do you think about subscriber growth for the back half overall and for the entire year?
Spence Neumann: Well, you kind of hit out, and we talked about some of the things that were near-term kind of headwinds to the -- at least the subscriber growth numbers as well as revenue growth in our business, whether it's the combination of growth in connected TV homes around the world, it's that. It's a little bit of paid sharing. It's competition and some of these macroeconomic factors like higher inflation as well as the invasion of the Ukraine and the knock-on effects around EMEA and other parts of the world. So we're still kind of working through that. But exactly as you say, we get further away from price increases, we get to a stronger seasonal period, we get to strength of slate, and we're working to address all these things. Some of them take a little bit more time to address like what we talked about with paid sharing, which we'll talk about in the letter. And I'm sure you'll get to that, but some of these we actually have to take action to further address.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. The business was very different, clearly in 2008 and 2009. But in a recession and just tougher macro in general, how do you think Netflix and streaming more broadly would hold up?
Spence Neumann: Do you want me to take it or you want somebody else?
Ted Sarandos: Just to add real quick. I think it's really important that particularly in tough economic times that consumers see Netflix has a tremendous value. So adding great content that they love and they can't -- that they can't wait for the new season to add tremendous value in the form of -- this Friday, what do you see this movie, Gray Man, that's going to be premiering on Netflix. This is an enormous big budget action film that normally people would have to go out and spend an enormous amount of money to take to go see. And they're going to premiering it on Netflix. And then we've got a steady drumbeat from movies like Me Time with Kevin Hart and Mark Wahlberg coming up and a new addition of 365 -- next 365 days, a big franchise, a new season at Cobra Kai. Obviously, we saw the impact from Stranger Things this quarter, but that's just like the tip of the iceberg for the value that we're bringing to the consumer, and I think the consumer will embrace that even more so in tougher economic times.
Greg Peters: To extend that just a touch. I mean we think Netflix is a great entertainment value. We want to keep and make sure that it is a great entertainment value. We try to provide a range of price points to consumers around the world to make sure that, that service is accessible even in the current environment. And I would say, I'm sure we'll get to this in a little bit, but I think that our ad-supported offering is an extension of that sort of pro consumer, wide range of prices that will increase accessibility of the service, especially in the years to come.
Doug Anmuth: And just to build on, lastly, just at the risk of -- Spencer, go ahead. You'll hit on it. Go for it.
Spence Neumann: Sorry, Doug, I was just going to add, if you zoom out a bit and look at past economic cycles, at least in the US, most forms of entertainment have been fairly resilient to downturns. There's a level of escapism, I think, that entertainment provides. Also, if you look at the Pay TV business over economic cycle, it tends to be a bit more resilient as well, just because the value of in-home entertainment increases as folks perhaps don't go out as much. And also as a subscription business, it tends to be a little bit stickier. I don't -- obviously, every recession and cycle is different. So we don't want to take that for granted, and we're monitoring it pretty closely, but that's hopefully a little bit of helpful context for you.
Doug Anmuth: That's helpful. So, let's shift gears, talk about advertising, clearly on everybody's minds. Reed, you've talked about making the Netflix add to your -- a better ad experience than what's available on TV today. Can you give us an update on what the products will look like? Some early thoughts there? And then, also about -- more around timing, which I think you said, early 2023.
Reed Hastings: That's a great question for Greg here.
Greg Peters: Yes. I think we're looking at this as an extension of two things that we think that we've historically done, which is one to be very consumer-centric and think about the customer experience. And then also just taking an innovation-oriented view, whether it's sort of how we started in streaming to how we think about great quality of experience and the innovations we've led and I think in the discovery and choosing side. So we think that we have a real opportunity here to -- through a period of years in iteratively. So Id say, I want to set expectations at the onset we're going to take an iterative approach, this is what we call the Crawl, Walk, Run model. So at the beginning, it will look, what you're familiar with, but over time, we think there's a tremendous opportunity to leverage that innovation DNA that we have as well as a bunch of sort of enabling characteristics around addressability and measurability and things like that to, one, provide an incredible experience for consumers, those who choose to take the ad-supported offering, but also provide an incredible experience for brands and advertisers who want to work with us to make sure that we're doing a good job of elevating what that looks like for them. So there's a bunch of lines of inquiry, lines of innovation that we're going after that sort of support all of that piece, and I think we'll get into that iteratively as we go. But I think when you look at the scale of our offering, the technical DNA, the partners that we've got lined up, I'm pretty optimistic that over a couple of years, we can deliver an experience which is fundamentally different from the ad experience on linear in a way that supports all of the stakeholders.
Doug Anmuth: And Greg, when you say the partners that you have lined up, I mean, Microsoft obviously a key one, are you referring to advertisers here as well? They're already taking a lot of interest. Maybe you could talk more about what that looks like at this early stage.
Greg Peters: Yes. We've seen a lot of excitement in our early discussions with brands holding agency -- holding companies and the agencies, because I think for them, it's been -- they've wanted to connect with the titles, incredible content that Ted's team was putting out there. And I think we also share a perspective on what is a great experience for consumers and for advertisers. So when you think about the kind of advertising we see frequency caps, what's a great ad experience, we're noticing a high degree of alignment there. So that enthusiasm, that alignment is increasing sort of my optimism and the excitement that I've got to basically get this out there, because I think it's going to be a win-win-win for all parties involved.
Doug Anmuth: So we'll -- in terms of the Microsoft deal, will ads be sold early on exclusively by Microsoft? And how do you think about your desire to build out more of your own sales force over time?
Greg Peters: Yes. So all of the ads that are served on our ad-supported offering will come through Microsoft. So that's an exclusive arrangement with them. But one of the reasons that we're partnering with Microsoft, there's a bunch of fundamentals. They've got technical capacity, which is complementary to ours, a go-to-market capacity, which we need to leverage, and it will be very important for us. But a key component of what we liked about this partnership was that there was, sort of, a flexibility in that innovation orientation that I mentioned before. And so they very much, I think, are approaching this as an opportunity to work together to collaborate and to evolve both the technical capacity and also what the experience is and what the go-to-market approach is. So we've got lots of flexibility to work together there and evolve that over time.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. You already have tiers across a range of prices. But what do you anticipate will happen in terms of members switching plans and perhaps trading down to the ad-supported tier? And do you have a view, kind of, long-term what percentage of subscribers might be on the ad-supported tier?
Greg Peters: Yes. I would say, in general, we know that there's price sensitivity around consumers. And that -- some of those consumers are folks that have never actually ever signed up for Netflix. Some of them are folks that were members for us for a period of time and they decided to cancel for a variety of reasons. Some of those are folks that are currently watching Netflix, but they're using another paying members account credentials, right? So those all, I think, represent opportunities for us because we're bringing a wider range of prices through the ad-supported offering, a lower consumer facing price to be able to attract a broader set of members. So that's very consistent with our wide range of pricing and our general goals there. We think that's great for consumers. It's good for us, obviously. And when we run the models and talking to brands, advertisers to Microsoft, we look at the monetization that is the complement to that subscription part of the ad-supported offering, and we're quite optimistic that the unit economics work to make that monetization equal or maybe even better than what we would see on the comparable side for the non-ad, subscription-only kind of plans. So we think that this is, again, expansive from a member reach perspective, but also neutral to positive on the unit economics and monetization. So that's great for us for -- obviously from a business perspective.
Doug Anmuth: And should we be thinking about this as a single tier essentially below the basic plan?
Greg Peters: I would say, over a period of time, we think that this is one of the dimensions that will inform our plan structure. And I would say, generally, our thinking of going from our good, better, best model that has been the core offering that we've had into making that slightly more complicated because we're going to have more discrimination features that would inform what offering consumers ultimately choose to get to. So there'll be a little bit more complexity there and ads - no ads will be one of those dimensions. But we want to work into that model. And obviously, while we're thinking about the right pricing model there, we also want to keep it as simple as we can from a consumer facing perspective. So in terms of the on-ramp, the planned selection, how upsells happen, we want to work those flows iteratively over time, so we build into that complexity without making it overwhelming for consumers.
Doug Anmuth: Sure. Okay. And you talked about advertising monetization essentially helping close the gap perhaps with current arm or getting above that level. How long -- how do you think about timing? And perhaps how long it could take to get to current ARM levels on the ad tier?
Greg Peters: I think about the timing more as sort of how we roll this out and how we sort of build more subscribers on those ad-supported offerings. So, a component of this is countries. So obviously, we're launching first in the countries that have sort of the more mature ad markets and we feel more confident in the ad monetization, then we'll sort of explore next tiers of countries over time. So that's a dimension of growth.  But I would say the initial response that we're getting from a brand and advertiser perspective is quite strong. So, we feel quite confident that as we sort of grow into this and we have more subscribers overtime on these plans, that at least initially the unit economics are going to be -- are quite good. So, we don't sort of see this as sort of building in that, call it, CPM side so much more is that we're actually building the total amount of volume on those plans and then the total amount of revenue. And again, this is going to start small relative to our total revenue mix, but we think we can grow it to be substantial over a period of time.
Spence Neumann: I think that's key, Doug, is that this is going to build overtime. It's not like all of a sudden, all folks on ad-free Netflix are going to join advertising Netflix. And so, supply/demand, I think, probably works in our favor between both geography as well as opening up the aperture to our members.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. You talked in the letter certainly about the ad product is having the potential and likelihood to drive overall member growth and then certainly overall profitability. But Spence, maybe you could talk a little bit about what it means for margins and some of the puts and takes there versus the current business?
Spence Neumann: I'd say, overall, Doug, these are -- this is -- our focus is, as we've talked about these initiatives across paid sharing as well as advertising as ways to better monetize our viewing and grow members, as Greg said, advertising, as an example, it can do both. And we believe we can do this both in a revenue-accretive way as well as a profit accretive way. As we roll out a solution for paid sharing that probably has a more near-term impact once we get to a solution that works, and there's not a lot of incremental expense to that.  And then on the advertising side, we have some -- obviously some incremental costs that go against that business. But as Greg said, there's incremental revenue, we believe, at the unit economic level, so we think we can manage that pretty -- to a -- and operating income neutral to positive pretty soon out of the gate. So -- but it's a slower build over multiple years to have a material impact on the business. But our focus across 2023 and '24 is to build out to kind of return to a more accelerated revenue trajectory for the business.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Along those lines, there's been a lot of discussion around -- that Netflix needs to renegotiate deals perhaps with content providers to monetize through advertising. But also, a lot of your viewing clearly comes through original content. Maybe you can help us understand what needs to be done on the licensing side and how to think about some of those incremental costs?
Spence Neumann: Ted, you wanted to?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Today, the vast majority of what people watch on Netflix, we can include in the ad-supported tier today. So, there are some things that don't that we're in conversation with the studios on. But if we launch the product today, the members in the ad, too, would have a great experience. And we will clear some additional content, but certainly not all of it. If we -- so we're looking -- but I don't think it's a material holdback to the business.
Spence Neumann: It's certainly a nice to have, Doug, but it's not a must-have. As Ted says, we can launch today without any additional content clearance rights. And hopefully, we can supplement that, but we'll be disciplined in what we do.
Doug Anmuth: Got it. Okay. Why did you choose Microsoft over other potential ad partners?
Greg Peters: You know, some basic levels, they've got the technical components we need. They've got to go-to market components we need. They made a bunch of sort of fundamental, what I would characterize as, table stakes, pieces, which is a strong commitment to privacy, data protection for things that we care a lot about and were fundamental to us. But I would say at the -- beyond those things, it was really what I mentioned before, which is that we saw a high degree of strategic alignment in their interest in innovating in the space and really working with us over the next several years to basically try and create a new ads ecosystem around premium TV, connected TV ads. And so both from the consumer perspective because that's really important, and I think we've seen the sort of long arc of advertising towards very pro-consumer, let's make advertising part of the quality of the experience rather than detracting from it as well as having a really strong brand and advertiser kind of focus on what do they need to support their goals from there. And so we saw that as being a lot of alignment out of that, and we're just excited to sort of work with them iteratively on making that happen.
Doug Anmuth: And is it fair to think that there are some significant guaranteed revenue commitments here over the next few years?
Greg Peters: I would say we're not going to go into the specifics of any of the deal -- the terms of the deal.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. I'll try one more. I'm not sure where -- what I'll get. But Microsoft, look, is the deal -- can this be broader? And can it be a more strategic partnership beyond advertising? Can it involve elements of cloud, gaming, perhaps other things over time?
Greg Peters: Yes. So a couple of things there. First of all, we picked Microsoft as our ad partner because we think they're going to be great as an ad partner. So that was really the criteria that was used to inform how we thought about the choice on, you mentioned, cloud. We're super excited about Amazon and our partnership with them, and we haven't changed that relationship. We haven't changed our focus on AWS as essentially our cloud infrastructure partner there. So we also have -- we've done other stuff with Microsoft. We continue to do work with them on sort of go-to-market partnerships, things like that. We'll look for those opportunities as they exist with Microsoft and with other companies as well. So I would say this doesn't foreclose on anything like that. But you should think about this was about a great ads partnership deal at the end of the day.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Great. So let's shift gears, talk about account sharing a little bit. You put out a blog post yesterday kind of expanding your efforts to monetize account sharing in LatAm across five new markets but a slightly different implementation than in the first three countries that you announced in March. Just curious what you've learned here early on over these last few months and just how you're thinking about these different implementations going forward.
Greg Peters: Yes. First of all, it's excited to -- I'm excited to get to the stage. We've been sort of working behind the scenes for almost two years in building the technical capabilities to get this stuff rolled out, and now we actually get to put something in front of consumers and see how they react. And this is sort of where the rubber meets the road. So we've got the two models, as you expressed. Essentially, both of them are similar in that they ask consumers not to stop sharing so much but just to pay a little bit more for different forms of sharing. And the first model that we deployed it was pay a little bit more to add a member and share with those additional members. The second model we're trying is pay a little bit more to add an additional home and share the account with the additional homes. So really, at this point, we'll sort of see what works for consumers. That's obviously the reason we're trying these different approaches, is to learn more. We're learning a lot every day on a daily basis at this point in time based on what we've deployed. And I would say while it's early to call it, obviously, we just are getting going on the second approach, so we'll learn more from that. I would say we're tracking quite well to sort of the plan that we had in place. And I am increasingly confident that based on what we're seeing, that we'll have something that we can deploy next year as we were planning.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And can you talk about some of the technology that you're using here just to ensure that you're not limiting access for legitimately paying members who are traveling or perhaps away from home, whether that's IP addresses or device ID or other things?
Greg Peters: Yes. And one of the reasons we've been working on this quite some time is because we were building those capacities in the background. So -- and these are mostly technical implementations that understand through a variety of network signals and stuff, what is happening. But then we're sort of putting it through the lens of the consumer-facing model. And so in each of these two approaches have slightly different characteristics. But generally, we're trying to lean into a consumer-friendly model that supports legitimate use cases. And travel is a good example of that, personal device use using your mobile phone as you go around the world, your PC, things like that. So, supporting those legitimate use cases, but also making sure that we're doing a good job at getting paid as a business when we're delivering entertainment to folks outside that household or that home in a way that is reasonable where we're asking for a little bit of extra monetization to make that happen, make it a smooth transition as we can for users and really trying to balance that sort of very consumer -- pro-consumer, consumer of choice model with what we think are practical considerations of the business. So, those approaches are different and that's obviously why we're trying these different things to figure out sort of which is going to work better in managing that balance point.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And timing here, I think you said, is also 2023. Does -- do you need to have account sharing and kind of lining up with the advertising tier rollout? Or are there some benefits in doing that? Or is it not kind of strategically important to you?
Greg Peters: We're pursuing both independently because we think that there's value to the business and value to consumers, frankly, especially on the ads plan with a wide range of prices. So, we're pursuing them independently now. There's a great synergy that happens when -- as we think about on sharing and pay sharing. Part of this is being able to offer to a range of folks who may be borrowing Netflix because they didn't quite see as much value from the entertainment and the viewing to sort of motivate getting their own plan. That's part of that segment. Part of the segment, we just have to encourage them, push them and nudge them to get to that point. But part of what's great about ads is that obviously, we get to give folks that are seeing a little bit less value, a lower price and be able to convince more of them to sign up through that ad plan.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Ted, we're going to talk about content, I promise. All right. So, maybe you can talk a little bit about how content performed in 2Q and how you're thinking about it into the back half. Stranger Things, obviously, your best English series debut of all time with all-time things for a bit. Go ahead.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, look I think these titles continue to hit new heights, which is really fantastic that we could still be doing this back to back and delivering hits on top of hits and I think that really belongs to the content teams that do such a phenomenal job around the world. Bill Bejar, who heads at TV group, and to keep surpassing records like we have been able to do with Stranger Things and Bridgeton and Squid Game. And our biggest hits have all come out in the last 12 months, which is really kind of a phenomenal sign of progress. Scott Stuber and his film team, really killing it. Again, I'm going to call back to Friday release at Gray Man, because I think it's an unbelievable proof point of what, kind of, films that this team can put out. I think that this is -- and again, this is kind of back to back to back, where I think Gray Man will join Red Notice and Adam Project and Don't Look Up as among the most popular movies of the year, not just on Netflix, but period. And I think that really is a testimony to these teams and the teams around the world, working great with creators to create a platform for them to do the best work of their lives. So we've been really pleased with the output. We've been pleased with the performance. 35 of our original shows are nominated for Emmy's this year, which says a lot about the work that's coming out, including three best drama nominees, which happened to be among our most watched shows on Netflix ever. So the fact that they could be crowd pleasing and award winning is a pretty tough and pretty gratifying combination.
Spence Neumann: And to, kind of, to Ted and the team's horn driving engagement, which is really the North Star driving viewing because then we can drive member growth and monetization around it. And as we referenced in the letter using the US market as an example, Nielsen is going to be reporting later this week, 7.7% screen time share for Netflix, which is the highest we've ever been, which is again testament to the team and the quality and engagement of what they're delivering.
Doug Anmuth: All right. Hopefully, they won't mind that you gave that number a little early. Okay. On -- let's go back to Gray Man for a minute. Ted, how are you approaching the marketing differently perhaps for this title versus some of the other big movies that you've had in the past?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I think you've seen a lot of it out there. I think we've done -- based on the marketability of the projects themselves. This is why our marketing spend is a bit lumpy, because they really are trying to focus on the titles that mean a lot to our members and that created a lot of excitement and conversation around the world. Gray Man is certainly one of those movies that's going to attract a very broad audience. So you'll see the marketing spend out there pretty aggressively. I would -- I want to actually point out, Marian Lee, our new CMO, is doing a phenomenal job. She came from inside of Netflix. She was running the US. She hit the ground running with that remarkable Stranger Things campaign; I think our best campaign to date, one of the strongest marketing campaigns I've ever seen. And she's in the -- back to straight up with Gray Man. So I think these campaigns are really doing a ton to bolster conversation around the world around these projects. So it's not enough just to watch, but also to get your friends to watch with you, too. So it helps bring folks along in the conversation.
Doug Anmuth: So with Stranger Things for your best series debut of all time, which we talked about. Are there ways that you can leverage that record breaking viewing to drive engagement with other shows and learnings that you can take to build out additional franchise content?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Look, I think that time spent is such -- the engagement is such an important metric because the time spent on Netflix mean -- made you come in and you're exposed to everything else we're doing as well. And Greg and the product team did such a phenomenal job of audience matching to put the most relevant thing in front of you and when you come to Netflix, that you're bound to be exposed to something you're going to love. You also see it in the kind of that targeted post-play mechanism. So once you get through that last episode and you're getting that one second of anxiety of what am I going to watch next, you've got a couple of great choices in front of you. And folks use that tool all the time to find the next great thing to watch on Netflix. So it's a pretty great audience where I think it's rewarded in that when the more you watch, the more you'll find great things. So I think we get a Stranger Things that really pays off. We get a Gray Man that really pays off. We just got to do that constantly, Doug. The idea is that not only can we deliver on that, but people should expect it back to back.
Doug Anmuth: And Ted, how do you balance out driving both that high-quality content and the significant scale? Because you're clearly releasing a lot of content on an annual basis. Does anything change in your process around content going forward?
Ted Sarandos: Look, I think the focus on quality has always been there, and it's intensified as competition is intensified. So I think we've got to really focus on working tightly with the great -- I think the output of great content is generally the result of 1,000 great decisions. And the most important one is, the creator that you're working with and picking people who really want to win for the audience and working with our teams to create great TV shows. It can go on for multiple seasons or great movies that span sequels or just great content that comes in and lives through its life and to episodes and makes people feel great. So I do think that the focus on quality, and the thing that I've always said from the beginning is scale. Scale is the thing that we're truly going to do that no one else has ever done yet. And the way that we're doing it today is that kind of distributed decision-making among the teams, the decision-making in to -- on the ground, in country for our teams making original content is what enables this thing to scale. If it all bottleneck behind one or two or three decision-makers in California, we wouldn't be able to do what we're doing today for sure.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. So to support that content, you've talked in the past about kind of the $17 billion to $18 billion spending for this year. Spence, maybe you can update kind of how you're thinking about it for 2022. And as we talk to investors, there's probably about half of them that actually want content spending to come down some and to be kind of reined in a little bit. And then the other half wants that to continue to grow and find more hits and go more globally.
Spence Neumann: We have a lot more, have a lot less, Doug. Have one more walking into our life.
Doug Anmuth: I hear you. How do you think about that content spending going forward?
Spence Neumann: Well, sure. I can take it. And maybe, Ted, you chime in. As you said, we're expecting to spend on cash content spend about $17 billion this year, Doug. As we look forward, 2023, the next couple of few years, say, we're probably in about the right ZIP code. So cash -- we've come through a pretty big business transition for us and the most cash-intensive portion of that transition over the last 5, 10 years where we moved to original -- Netflix originals predominantly and producing our own content largely. It's about 60% of our content assets on the balance sheet are produced content. So that's been a pretty big transition. We've come through that. And then also cash content spend is a little bit choppy. So we went through a bit of that COVID wave. We were coming out of COVID. We've got into production when we could, as quickly as we could in some things, including when talent was available. So that pulled forward some cash content spend in 2021 and 2022. So I'd say just generally, when we look out the next couple of few years, we'll be probably right around in that ZIP code, which puts us in a good place. And also, as we said, we were trying to work through moderating our growth in content expense. So our content expense will continue to grow, but it's more moderated as we adjusted for the growth in our revenue. And we think we've gotten a lot smarter over the last decade or so of being in the originals business as to where we can direct our spend for most impact, highest impact and highest satisfaction for our members. So that's about roughly how we're thinking about it. That makes happy, by the way. I don't know if it makes either one of them happy.
Ted Sarandos: Just half of them. I would say, look, we spend the way we spend to get to where we are today, and we think that we're about in the right ZIP code. And as like Spence said, that that COVID distortion in the last two years are kind of make it a little murky. But in general, I think that we're kind of in the right ZIP code, I agree.
Spencer Wang: Doug, just to give you a sense, we have about time for two more questions. But Reed, I think you want to add something.
Reed Hastings: Ted, maybe just talk about Stranger Things 4 as an example, how much did COVID inflate the production costs in your view?
Ted Sarandos: Well, that particular show was probably affected as much as any because of the young cast and the size and scope of the production and the multiple locations we shot in. So it was a very expensive burden on the show to make sure that we could deliver it. One of the catalysts of splitting the season in half was, how long it took to produce that show?  And a lot of that was stalled because of early shutdown of the production and restarting production and being extremely careful with the cast of the show early on in COVID. So it was more financially impacted than a lot of our other projects were. But -- and again, I think if it did it at all, again, it's got off the top, you might even get a couple of extra episodes out of it.
Spence Neumann: And more broadly, maybe the way to think about it is throughout COVID, we were, at various times, 5% to 10% of our overall spend was kind of COVID-related costs that it started higher, worked down lower, so on these kind of numbers that's significant. And it's obviously much smaller now, but that was a big kind of drag on our overall efficiency of spend that.
Ted Sarandos: And that wasn't an overall 5% across all production. Some of them impacted a lot more than others.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. I want to make sure we talk about operating margins and, of course, free cash flow. So operating margins, Spence, I think you're talking about 19% to 20% for this year, but ex-restructuring and then also I think the FX changes from January when those numbers were first provided. So maybe you can just provide a little more context there?
Spence Neumann: Yes. So, when we had our call, we basically are holding to our margin guidance. So at the beginning of the year on the Q4 '21 calls. So, as we start launched and started this year, we said we already saw kind of slowing revenue growth. And we said given the slowing revenue growth, we're going to maintain -- we're going to manage to a 19% to 20% operating margin before any impact of major swings in FX, and that's what we're still holding to.  So this year, we've got the FX moves, and we also mentioned the $150 million of restructuring. We're not expecting more restructuring costs throughout the year. So that's what's baked into it, and we're holding to our margin guide and similarly holding to it for '23. So basically, we're saying until we reignite revenue growth, we're holding flat to that margin guide.  So overall, underlying very healthy operating metrics. I mean when you look at the revenue side, it's -- we're tracking -- it was 13% constant currency revenue growth. This quarter we're guiding to 12%. Next quarter, you can see the read-throughs in a kind of a similar range for the full year and to 19% to 20% operating margins for this year and next. But obviously, the strengthening of the US dollar is a major outlier, and we just need to kind of work through that and operate our -- as best as we can on what we can control in the meantime.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And on free cash flow, so 2022, really your first year of sustainable kind of strong free cash flow. You're talking about $1 billion or so for the year. How are you thinking about some of the key puts and takes around that? And what does substantial growth mean in '23?
Spence Neumann: Well, it will be more than the roughly $1 billion. So again, the numbers we provided are again, assuming no major additional kind of big swings in FX. So hopefully, we've seen most of that given the extraordinary moves in the last three to six months, more than we've seen in the last 20 years. But as you say, we're guiding to $1 billion, plus or minus a few hundred million of positive free cash flow in 20. We think that will continue to grow substantially next year. It's a combination of what we said before. We're through that kind of cash-intensive transition of our business. We're also operating about kind of roughly similar levels of cash content spend next year, as this year. In fact, as we said, we pulled forward a little bit of cash spend into 2021, 2022. So those things are kind of working in our favor as we continue to scale the business. So I don't want to put a specific number out there, but assume it will be kind of meaningfully more. And then obviously, as we kind of work through what we expect to do in terms of accelerating our revenue growth and then start ramping up operating margins again. And hopefully, there's a little bit of reversion on these various global currencies. All those things accelerate cash flow generation down the road.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. And then we just want to maybe close out with what content each of you are most excited about in the back half. And I don't know if it's Gray Man for everybody or not, but I'm sure there's a lot of other good things.
Ted Sarandos: Well, Gray Man has a recent advantage for sure because it's coming on this Friday, and it is mind-blowing.
Spence Neumann: For me, Doug, I'm super excited for Ozark 2. I've heard great things from our content executives on that one. So definitely anticipating that one for me.
Greg Peters: Spencer, you beat me to the punch there. I'm going to go Ozark 2. But I'll flip back to what I'm currently watching, which is Umbrella Academy, which is a great current season.
Spence Neumann: I'll jump in and let Reed close it out. I just -- I've been going through Stranger Things to catch up. I just finished that, and I am really looking forward to Extraordinary Attorney Woo. I'm hearing great things from everyone throughout the hallways, and I'm excited to watch it soon.
Reed Hastings: I'm going to be in trouble because we just watched Michael Paulin about Halucigenics and a great documentary series.
Spence Neumann: Changing your mind.
Ted Sarandos: Thanks. Thanks a lot, Doug. Billions of people around the world love streaming TV and film, and we only serve a few hundred million of them. So the opportunity for growth here is enormous. We have some headwinds right now, and we are navigating through them. Remember, this company and this team has navigated through a lot of change in the last 20-plus years. We've seen entertainment formats come and go. We've seen entertainment business models come and go, and we have managed to grow through all of them through all kinds of economic conditions and through all levels of competition. So we're super confident that as long as we make the films and the TV series and the games that people love, we're going to continue to lead this exciting and young industry. Thanks a lot, Doug.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-19 15:30:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q1 2022 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. With that, Doug, I'm going to turn it over to you for the first question.
Q - Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks, Spencer. So your tone in the letter today around competition, maturity and macro factors is very different than it was 3 months ago. I was hoping that you could start out by just walking us through how your views have changed over the past few months.
Reed Hastings: Yes, Doug. I mean I think our views are a little different because our numbers are a little different. If we had made our 2.5 million guidance, I think that was consistent with our thesis. And the lower acquisition really forced us to kind of tease apart what's going on. And as we put in the letter, COVID created a lot of noise on how to read the situation, boosted us a lot in 2020. And then in 2021, I think we thoughtfully said it was mostly pull forward, which was the logical conclusion. But now, coming into 2022, that doesn't really hold. So then pushing into it, we realized, with all of the account sharing, which we've always had, that's not a new thing, but when you add that up together, we're getting pretty high market penetration. And that, combined with the competition, is really what we think is driving the lower acquisition and lower growth. So on the two parts, we're working on how to monetize sharing. We've been thinking about that for a couple of years. But when we were growing fast, it wasn't the high priority to work on. And now, we're working super hard on it. And remember, these are over 100 million households that already are choosing to view Netflix. They love the service. We just got to get paid at some degree for them. So that's part of it. And then two, it's really -- we got great competition. They've got some very good shows and films out. And what we've got to do is take it up a notch. And I'll tell you that we're all pretty -- I know it's disappointing for investors, and it is for sure. But internally, we're really geared up, and this is like our moment to shine. This is when it all matters. And we're super focused on achieving those objectives and getting back into our investors' good graces.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. The only thing I might add, Reed, is just that we put a finer point on kind of elaborating on what we're seeing in terms of slowing growth and near-term slowing growth. But the long-term addressable market, we believe, is unchanged in terms of all broadband households. It's just that we have a better sense that COVID clouded in terms of these near-term limiters to penetrate that growth and capture that market. So that's one of the things that we put a finer point on this letter, but I just want to reinforce that the core addressable market is still there, and that's what we're still growing into, Doug.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Thanks. So maybe just in terms of the recent trends, if we could talk about 1Q a little bit more, you lost 200,000 subscribers or gained 500,000 ex the Russia removal. Hoping you could perhaps parse out a little bit around some of those factors that you mentioned. It sounds like acquisition might be at the top of the list, and you've talked about that for a little while now, but hoping you could kind of isolate some of those factors. And then talk to us about how that informs your 2Q guide for a loss of 2 million subscribers.
Spencer Neumann: Sure. I'll take that, and then others can fill in. So as you said, Doug, we have guided to 2.5 million paid net adds. We delivered 0.5 million, if you exclude Russia. So there's really a 2 million miss in our Q1 actuals versus guidance. And what's really reflected there is acquisition growth was consistent with what we expected. We were seeing that slowdown when we did the guide, and it played out as expected. The difference is really some slight elevated churn throughout Q1. And this is pretty small. So retention was still very good, but we're talking about it like 0.2 to 0.3 percentage point, but on our big member base, that has a pretty big flow through. It's a combination of factors there. We talked about interrelated factors in the letter, but one very directly, that Russia's invasion of Ukraine had some spillover effect in other parts of EMEA. We saw that in the Central and Eastern European countries. There were some elevated churn. We also saw probably some -- a little bit more macro strain in some countries, some parts of the world, like Latin America, we mentioned that on the last call, but that was elevated, and just a little bit more seasonality in the business. We suspect some of that is those macro factors we mentioned and maybe a little bit of competition on the margin as well. So that's really what we saw in Q2 -- I'm sorry, in Q1. And that's really what's reflected in Q2, which is sort of the continued trends we're seeing in acquisition and this -- it's a -- that slightly elevated churn to probably continue through the quarter. It's just a softer seasonal quarter for us typically, and that's what's reflected in the guide, is a little bit of softer seasonality and the same -- essentially the same acquisition and retention trends.
Gregory Peters: And maybe I could pick it up and talk about the first 2 factors you want a little bit more detail on. And we have this addressable market that's expanding over time in every country that we're operating in. It's a bunch of enabling factors, like broadband and smart TVs. And then in some countries that we're operating in, where we've been operating the longest, like the U.S. is a great example, we have really significant high penetration of viewers into that near-term market potential. And that was really boosted by sort of this growth at the beginning period of COVID and the lockdown. Now that viewer penetration is made up of 2 groups. One is a group that's paying us, which is great. And then there is a group of viewers that are not paying us, and they're sharing someone else's account credential. And we really see that second group is a tremendous opportunity because they're clearly well-qualified. They have everything they need to do to get to Netflix. They know what the service is. They found titles that they want to watch. And so now, our job is really to better translate that viewing and the value that those consumers are getting into revenue. And the principal way we've got of going after that is asking our members to pay a bit more to share the service with folks outside their home. So if you've got a sister, let's say, that's living in a different city, you want to share Netflix with her, that's great. We're not trying to shut down that sharing, but we're going to ask you to pay a bit more to be able to share with her and so that she gets the benefit and the value of the service, but we also get the revenue associated with that viewing.
Douglas Anmuth: So maybe let's follow up on that a little bit more, Greg. We'll come back to some of the more recent trends in a moment. But I guess, when we think about account sharing, and just curious about the early testing that you're doing when you think about Chile and Costa Rica and Peru, I guess now, it's pretty clear to see why it's the right time to do this in a bigger way, but how do you think about rolling that out in the U.S.? And what will the implementation actually look like?
Gregory Peters: Yes. I mean first, it's important to note that we're trying to find a balanced approach here, and we're trying to basically come up with a model that supports a customer-centric approach. It still puts members in charge, it supports member choice, that delivers great entertainment value and sort of all of the options that we've got. But also, very importantly, allows us to bring in revenue for everyone who's viewing and who gets value from the entertainment that we're offering. And then obviously, we're doing that so that we can invest then into more great content and a better service for everyone. So there's a bunch of factors that we're working through. That's why we've deployed the test that we have. And frankly, we've been working on this for about almost 2 years. We -- about a year -- a little bit over a year ago, we started doing some light test launches that we -- informed our thinking and helped us build the mechanisms that we're deploying now. We just did the first big country test. But it will take a while to work this out and to get that balance right. And so just to set your expectations, my belief is that we're going to go through a year or so of iterating and then deploying all of that so that we get that, sort of that solution globally launched, including markets like the United States.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe, Spence, just on that point, maybe if you could just walk through the accounting a little bit here. And how do you think about the uplift, whether more of it would come from ARM or from subscribers over time?
Spencer Neumann: Yes. That's great, Doug. You kind of nailed it, which is, as you heard from Greg, we're looking to monetize sharing and kind of meet our members where they are. So you should expect that member numbers or subscriber numbers are sort of less relevant over time because these -- it may very likely show up in ARM. So you should think about it as engagement and average revenue per member, probably increasingly important, and then obviously, revenue growth, which we've always said we're trying to optimize, both near- and long-term revenue growth, to drive that positive flywheel of reinvestment in the business. So it's not that there isn't going to be a P times Q. There's still a Q, but increasingly important is probably ARM and engagement and revenue overall. Yes.
Douglas Anmuth: So -- and just to clarify there, sub accounts will not count as subscribers, they will just...
Spencer Neumann: That's right. That's right, that's right. So it's less distinctive of an individual household account.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. And then in the process though, as some of those current shares outside the household do not become sub accounts, you'll pick up some of those subscribers separately, in addition.
Spencer Neumann: That's right. And as Greg said, we're still working through the ultimate solution here. So we don't exactly know how that's going to play out, but you should assume that it's -- that there's kind of less importance on an individual household account number, and therefore, what's more important is revenue viewing engagement, so viewing engagement, overall revenue growth and ARM as a key metric.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Let's go back to acquisition for a minute. So you noted it has not returned to pre-COVID levels. What are the ways that you can influence acquisition beyond account sharing, which we talked about, and then beyond, of course, just creating great content?
Spencer Neumann: Ted, do you want to take that?
Theodore Sarandos: It shouldn't be any more complicated than that, Doug. Honestly, we've got to compete and we've got to make -- continue to improve on the core service, which -- right, which is making TV series and films and now, games that people really love. That's what we're really focused on. And I think that that's a thing that I think we continue to grow the business in. Now we've talked about being highly penetrated in some of those core markets with users, which means that it's harder to get them to join Netflix if they're already using Netflix. So we got to figure out these different models that we're doing now to more effectively monetize that viewing. As Spence said earlier, the engagement is really key. As you see in the Nielsen data that we published in the letter, our engagement has been super healthy. Even with this heightened levels of competition, our engagement -- our viewing has been very, very steady, holding on to our market share in the space. But on top of that, in the quarter, while we were not happy with the top line subscriber growth, we definitely saw that the new season of Ozark, the Inventing Anna, The Adam Project and certainly, the biggest of them all, the new season of Bridgerton, delivered exactly as expected, actually quite -- actually a little bit bigger than expected with fans. Now of course, we think we've got to do that, and we have to have an Adam Project and a Bridgerton every month and to make sure that that's the expectation of the service constantly. So we're definitely feeling the higher levels of penetration in those markets of users, and we're definitely feeling a heightened level of competition for sure. And so we've just got to continue to do what we're doing and improve each of those things. Now how do you improve content? We've been doing this for a decade. Well, first of all, that's about 90 years less time than all of our competitors have been at it. But I look at things like things we've been doing over the last few years, that we've been improving it, so big movies. Just a few years ago, we were struggling to out-monetize the market on little art films. Today, we're releasing some of the most popular and most watched movies in the world. Just over the last few months, things like Don't Look Up and Red Notice and Adam Project, as examples of that. And that's just in the few years of improvement on one line of content. Another is unscripted. We didn't -- we made 0 unscripted about 3 years ago. And today, creating these big unscripted brands and growing original unscripted universes, like Too Hot To Handle and Ultimatum, that's really popular right now around the world, Selling Sunset, these are kind of large, growing original unscripted universes. So we've come a long way from Ultimate Beastmaster, my point is. And I think about things like our content in Korea. Again, pretty new to the market. Everybody knows about Squid Game. It was probably the biggest show in the history of television. And just a few years ago, we were producing no original content in Korea. And while we all know about Squid Game, there's D.P. and All of Us are Dead. And a slew of original contents are thrilling our members in South Korea and fans around the world. So we're continuing to improve constantly in getting those moments that can lead to something like a Squid Game or a Bridgerton, constantly.
Douglas Anmuth: Got it. Okay. I want to go to pricing just from -- I mean there's a lot of -- you kind of have this confluence of trends basically that are taking place here. But Greg, I was just hoping you could talk a little bit more about the recent price increases, primarily in the U.S. I know it's still early in the UK. But I guess, to what effect -- you did mention slightly elevated churn in 1Q. I guess how much was that a factor? How is this price increase being received currently?
Gregory Peters: Yes. So top line is that the price changes, as the last several price changes we've done, are generally performing as we've seen the price changes over the last several years. So there's no sort of fundamental difference in performance. First of all, there -- these price changes are significantly revenue-accretive. So that's an important top-level heuristic. And we sometimes see a blip in churn. In some markets, we also see a marginal impact on acquisition. Often, these effects are transitory. So it's sort of a change effect and we move through it and win those folks back. But I would say the big takeaway is the vast majority of our members recognize that we're investing what they pay us in the incremental amount that we're asking them to pay us into more entertainment value back to them, back to our members, more great stories, bigger films, more variety of content and higher quality of programming. So we generally plan to continue doing what we've been doing. But I would also say it's -- we're also working hard to ensure that we have a range of price points across a set of plans with different features that deliver on different consumer needs and consumer desires, while making sure and be very focused that we retain good accessibility to the service for a broad group of people in every country we serve at sort of that entry level. So no major changes there, and we're keeping sort of the plan that we've got in place.
Reed Hastings: And related...
Spencer Neumann: One thing, just -- go ahead, Reed. Sorry.
Reed Hastings: Related to that, Greg has done great work on the price spread. And one way to increase the price spread is advertising on low-end plans and to have lower prices with advertising. And those who have followed Netflix know that I've been against the complexity of advertising and a big fan of the simplicity of subscription. But as much I'm a fan of that, I'm a bigger fan of consumer choice. And allowing consumers who would like to have a lower price and are advertising-tolerant get what they want makes a lot of sense. So that's something we're looking at now. We're trying to figure out over the next year or 2. But think of us as quite open to offering even lower prices with advertising as a consumer choice. Spence, do you want to keep going?
Spencer Neumann: My point was quite tactical. I'm sure Doug is going to want to follow up perhaps on your point, but I just want to be really clear on the point on Q1 performance and when I talked about slightly elevated churn relative to our expectations. That was not due to our price increases. So the price increase played out, as Greg said, consistent with our expectations. We just saw some slight uptick in seasonality for the other reasons I mentioned, some of the strain in Central and Eastern Europe, some of that macro strain we saw and maybe a little bit of competition on the margin.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Reed, you pulled me forward to advertising, so I do want to get there, but it was a little further down on the list, but one last point, just on pricing. Given all these factors that you've talked about and written about in the letter, is there a change to your view on long-term pricing power?
Gregory Peters: I would say our general view is unchanged. And again, we don't have in our priority a target in markets or whatever. We've been sort of finding our way through adding more value, keeping that virtuous cycle going, that big spread that Reed mentioned. And again, we're seeking ways to actually take that spread even wider, and that's why I think ads is an exciting opportunity for us that we want to explore more. But no fundamental shift in our thinking about how that process works or the potential that we have in that.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. All right. So let's shift to ads...
Theodore Sarandos: And Doug, I would just add that that's just directly related to creating the content that people find to be incredibly valuable. And our long-term view of our ability to continue to do that is unchanged.
Gregory Peters: And there's a long history of that across entertainment for decades, right? If people love film and TV and games content and if we can continue to deliver that value, deliver that engagement, there's a long history of people being willing to pay for it and as Reed said, also advertisers trying to reach those audiences. So we believe we can kind of drive that value over time and then monetize it so long as we deliver on that entertainment value.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. So on advertising, I think, certainly, Reed, preserving the simplicity of the product has been very important. But I think you've also kind of talked a little bit about, at least in the past, perhaps not seeing the incremental profit potential as well in terms of the lower-priced ad-supported tier. Has that view changed? And I guess, if you were to pursue an ad-based model on the lower tier, how long would it take you to get there and kind of roll that out? And what are the key things you need to do along the way?
Reed Hastings: Yes. It's not a short-term fix because once you start offering a lower-priced plan with ads as an option, some consumers take it. And we've got a big installed base that probably are quite happy where they are. So think of it as it would phase in over a couple of years in terms of being material volume. And in terms of the profit potential, definitely, the online ad market has advanced. And now, you don't have to incorporate all the information about people that you used to. So we can be a straight publisher and have other people do all of the fancy ad-matching and integrate all the data about people. So we can stay out of that and really be focused on our members creating that great experience and then again, getting monetized in a first-class way by a range of different companies who offer that service.
Douglas Anmuth: Got it. And is it fair to think that it would be something you would test in a few small markets to start out and then kind of move along?
Reed Hastings: We're probably not that advanced, but no, I think it's pretty clear that it's working for Hulu. Disney is doing it. HBO did it. I don't think we have a lot of doubt that it works, that all those companies have figured it out. I'm sure we'll just get in and figure it out as opposed to test it and maybe do it or not do it. So I think we'll really get in. But again, it would be a plan layer, like it is at Hulu. So if you still want the ad-free option, you'll be able to have that as a consumer. And if you would rather pay a lower price and you're ad-tolerant, that's also -- we're going to cater to you also.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Let's shift gears to content. Ted, the 2Q slate includes a bunch of returning hit series, like Elite, Ozark, Stranger Things, Umbrella Academy. How are you thinking about that slate in 2Q? And maybe if you could also talk a little bit more about the back half as well.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. So those -- they are proven brands for us, of course, and going into the -- I'll start with Stranger Things because the new season of Stranger Things is a super-sized season that's why we cut it in half. Each episode of the new season feels like a big feature film. It's really phenomenal. We're super excited about how it's landing creatively and how excited fans are for it. And I think that's going to be obviously the big story coming up later in the quarter. The new -- the finale of Ozark, which is our Emmy award-winning fan favorite, the Season 3 was a killer, and Season 4 brings it home in a really incredible way. We're also wrapping up our longest-running show, Grace and Frankie, with an incredible final set of episodes coming up later this month that we're really excited about. And the -- we've always said we ran through the COVID delays that had us back-stack 2021. 2022 is not quite as back-stacked, but it does build throughout the year, and it builds up to some of our big event films in Q4 that we're really excited about, like Knives Out 2, Gray Man coming up before that from the Russo brothers, who we have had a lot of great success with, really fantastic action movie with Ryan Gosling. So the upcoming slate in '22, we're confident, is better and more impactful than it was in '21. And we think '23 will be better and better and more impactful than '22. So we're really -- the content flow has been fantastic, and we're really excited about it.
Douglas Anmuth: And just to follow-up on, you mentioned...
Theodore Sarandos: I should say, obviously not to forget, our international content, Elite season 5, as you know, continues a really great run for us there. We have a Korean version of Money Heist coming up, called Money Heist: Korea, that's really fantastic. A new movie from Omar Sy, The Takedown, from France; a great film from Germany, All Quiet on the Western front; and a great slate of new content from Japan, Cube, First Love, that we're really excited about the output from all of our international territories as well.
Douglas Anmuth: Ted, you mentioned splitting Stranger Things into the -- into different parts. And you've done that with a number of series over the last few years. I guess as streaming proliferates, it feels like there's this increasing debate around the value and stickiness of providing a full season of content all at once. So just curious about how your thinking has evolved here, given that we are seeing more of these series kind of broken into two parts essentially.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Splitting the seasons actually had a practical reason before, which was the COVID delays and all those projects that kind of led us to splitting some of the seasons. But what we found is that fans kind of like both. So being able to split it gives them a really satisfying binge experience for those people who want that really satisfying long binge experience. And then being able to deliver a follow-up season in a few months versus, in some cases, the new season of Stranger Things is coming nearly 3 years after the last one or more than 2 anyway. And so we're really -- being able to split the season when you can deliver both halves of it in a really high-quality way, like in the case of Ozark, had additional episodes, so both experiences were really satisfying for the binger or the one-at-a-time viewer as well. And we've also had great success in these kind of mini batches of our unscripted shows. So doing 1 to 3 episodes a week every week has also been great and still true to the binger by giving them more than 1 episode to watch at a time.
Douglas Anmuth: You've talked about cash content spending of around $18 billion this year. In a period of slower sub growth, are you more likely to pull back to manage costs or to lean in to further differentiate the offering?
Theodore Sarandos: Look, I think we've got to continue to invest in the content, both in the quality and the variety of the content. And our -- we will continue to grow the content spend relative to prior years. And I think, in general, we look at the -- what's most important though, and there is the impact of the slate. And we're very focused on making sure that the impact of the slate continues to grow. We should be able to, 10 years in now, get more bang for our buck relative to what we've done ourselves and relative to the market.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. And Doug, to that point, obviously, revenue growth has slowed. We're going to be responsible in terms of how we manage the business. We talked about in the letter, during this period of slower revenue growth, we're going to protect our operating margins, roughly in line with what we guided to for this year. So we're holding to our guidance for the full year '22. But for -- presumably, for the next 18, 24 months, call it the next 2 years, we're kind of operating to roughly that operating margin, which does mean that we're pulling back on some of our spend growth across both content and noncontent spend, but still growing our spend and still investing aggressively into that long-term opportunity, but we're trying to be smart about it and prudent in terms of pulling back on some of that spend growth to reflect the realities of the revenue growth of the business.
Douglas Anmuth: So just to clarify, only because you've been saying it for many years now, the 300 basis points kind of per year over a multiyear period, obviously, we were not going to see that this year, but it sounds like over the next couple of years, you're thinking more flattish until you get subscribers really growing in a bigger way.
Spencer Neumann: Well, we get revenue growth. Again, kind of revenue engagement are going to be primary. We'll also get subscribers going. So there will be subscriber growth. But primarily reaccelerating that revenue growth, we believe we have multiple levers to do that. We have high confidence in monetizing sharing as we talked about. We talked about things like perhaps adding an advertising layer and obviously continuing to improve the service, grow engagement, grow revenue. So we have high confidence that we will accelerate revenue. When we do, we also have our commitment to continue to gradually grow our operating margins. But let's first get our revenue growth reaccelerated, and then let's talk about the pace of that margin acceleration.
Douglas Anmuth: And Spence, what does all of that mean for free cash flow kind of near term and then over the next couple of years? I mean 2022 is certainly looked at as like the first year of kind of sizable and sustainable free cash flow.
Spencer Neumann: Yes, and that continues. So we're, as I said, we're managing the business prudently for all of our stakeholders. We'll be positive free cash flow this year, consistent with our expectations going into the year, and we'll continue to build on that in the years going forward. So that's our expectation. That's what we're still planning towards. I don't know, Spencer, if you would add to that maybe.
Spencer Wang: No, I think you hit it right on the head, Spence.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. I wanted to talk about India a little bit. You cut prices significantly in December across plans. But you've certainly pointed out that cable in India is around $3 a month. Just curious what the response has been like. Do you still view those changes as revenue-accretive? And what are you seeing in terms of maybe early behavior from some of those incremental subscribers?
Gregory Peters: Yes. I would say, to your last point, the incremental subscribers are largely behaving similar to the subscribers we've added over the last 12 months. So not a fundamental difference. And really, this was a bet in terms of long-term revenue maximization, which is sort of how we think about the top level, the valuatory model we have for these things. And it was stimulated specifically by the fact that Ted's team is doing some incredible work on Indian content, and we saw the slate there. And we're really excited about a bunch of titles that were coming down and thought there was an opportunity to broaden the audience that got to see those titles. And so we've seen that effect definitely take hold where we have an additional bump in subscribers that will now get to see that content. And the bet is that those folks will enjoy those titles and that they will talk enthusiastically about those titles to their friends, their family, their coworkers, and that will lead to another sort of positive momentum on the flywheel of sign-ups.
Douglas Anmuth: And Ted, can you elaborate a little bit more just on the content in India and I guess, just how you're thinking about kind of overall product fit at this point in the market?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. The product fit incorporates subscription prices as well and willingness and ability to pay. So we have seen a nice uptick in engagement in India. So we're definitely taking it in the right direction.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. I want to talk about gaming a little bit. I think, Reed, you've discussed it in the past as perhaps the next genre of content beyond TV and beyond film. I'm curious how you would characterize your progress so far.
Reed Hastings: I'm really happy with what the team has built, a big capacity to be able to provide our members with interactive and gaming experiences. We've had some nice successes, which I'll have Greg talk about. So I think we're building capacity, frankly, faster than we did when we entered film. So that's very encouraging. So excited, and you've seen we've been doing these small acquisitions to build up the know-how and the creative chops to be able to make some really great gains.
Gregory Peters: Yes. And just to pick it up -- sorry, Doug, do you want to...
Douglas Anmuth: I was just sure it's where you're going. I was just going to ask what the kind of puts and takes are around owning versus licensing IP and what the appetite is for further M&A going forward.
Gregory Peters: Sure. We're open to both models. But I would say, we're very enthusiastic about building internal capacity. And we're doing this both from sort of assembling it organically as well as through acquisition, which is a key part of our strategy to be able to build the capacity to produce the games titles that we think are really going to unlock value for our members. And we're learning more and more every day from the licensed titles that we've got, which is helpful. But you can sort of -- there's an early glimmer of where we're trying to head with this with the announcement we just recently did with a launch of both a game and an animated series around the Exploding Kittens IP. I don't know if you're familiar with this card game, but it's a super fun physical card game that we're now going to bring to form in both an animated series and a game. And we'll have some interplay between these 2 different modes for fans of that IP. But that's sort of the -- an initial step on a long road map we have around thinking about how do we make the film and series side and then the interactive games experience, sort of the interplay between those, magnify the value that our members are getting from both. So it's like a 1 plus 1 equals 3 and then hopefully 4 and then 5 situation. So that's sort of the multiyear vision that we've got behind it. And really to deliver on that, we think the internal development capacity is going to be key because we can obviously have those folks be very specifically focused on the opportunities that we see there.
Douglas Anmuth: And what are the benchmarks or milestones perhaps that you need to see around gaming to lean in even more here in terms of content budget? And are there any metrics or numbers that you can provide so far?
Gregory Peters: I can certainly provide the framework that we're thinking about it. And it's a top-level priority for us, and we're very focused on it. And so bottom line, we think about games and delivering value to members and reflecting that back into the business through both acquisitions. So we're aiming to have titles that land, that create conversation and enthusiasm and buzz, that drive more people to sign up for the service and then obviously in retention as well. Engagement is that primary leading indicator that we have for retention and sort of value delivered, so we're looking at both of those very, very carefully. And similar to how we think about it on the film and series side, obviously, we want to make sure that the investment that we're making in any given title is sort of calibrated to that business value that we're getting out of it. So we're building our understanding of how those metrics work together so that we can have a good sort of fitness function around the work that we're doing and making sure that it's delivering value. And that's really the sort of the go signs for us that we've got it figured out, and we want to ramp and scale the investment.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Ted, Netflix shares are back to, of course, back to pre-COVID levels, but they're also around the same level they were at nearly 4 years ago, in 2018. So maybe you could just talk about your ability to continue to hire great talent within the company.
Theodore Sarandos: Look, I think that when people look to join Netflix, they join Netflix because they believe in this long-term vision of the move into away from the near television and kind of transactional movie business into a business that could be much more satisfying for consumers and deliver on the culture and deliver big audiences and really move the market. One of the things I would say is, by way of example, is what we can do around the world. Our teams are on the ground, our creative executives, our business executives, are on the ground all over the world, are much more empowered. They are much more collaborative. And they're much more risk-tolerant than their counterparts all over the world, which enables -- it creates an ecosystem for something like Squid Game or for like a Lupin or La Casa de Papel to exist, and that is our ability to do that and to bring kind of global notoriety to local content players is unprecedented and it's pretty unrivaled at this point. So I think people look at that as something to be very exciting to be close to. And that the long, long term, the long-term story is, the broadband household penetration, we're going to get to those houses. There's a long term and a short term. In the short term, you've got highly penetrated users, and we're working through that right now. And in the long term, you've got things like smart TV sales and a bunch of macro factors that slow that down, that we all see that as temporary, including everyone who works at Netflix. So everyone really does see the long play. And I know I've been here for more than 20 years and have been through a couple of these. And yes, they don't feel great in the moment. But man, it feels great to come out on the other side of it. And I think everyone is knowing that that's going to come up, and we'll come out on the other side of it.
Spencer Wang: Doug, we have time for two last questions, please.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. I wanted to -- just back to content for a minute. You've driven a lot of attention to Formula 1 with Drive To Survive. Given the success there, sports is obviously a frequent topic, how are you thinking about sports? There's certainly more rumblings around doing things related to NFL, media and NFL films. How are your intentions shifting perhaps here at all?
Theodore Sarandos: So look, we look -- we expand our content verticals constantly. For us, I look at games as a great example of adding something brand-new to the service, something new for our members to enjoy. We're going down the game path because I think it fits us really nicely. Our ability to tell stories and build worlds are very consistent with our existing skill set and culture, and we think that we can build a big revenue and profit stream by adding games. Why -- we're not quite so sure that you can add the big profit stream by adding sports. Other folks are trying it, and we're going to -- and we've gone down this other path. In the meantime, we're incredibly excited about, as you mentioned, the Formula 1: Drive To Survive as an example of kind of sports-adjacent programming that our members really value. We've grown the sport tremendously. We're taking that bet in the world of tennis and golf and others coming up. And we also have an incredible sports documentary business that keeps growing. So I'm not saying we never would do sports, but we would have to see a path to growing a big revenue stream and a big profit stream with it.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. And then just to close out. Reed, you've created this very unique, very successful culture within the company over the past 20-plus years. Has anything changed in your view, just from a cultural perspective, around either content acquisition or in some of the more operational functions?
Reed Hastings: Yes. I mean we changed every year, hopefully, for the better. We don't look at culture as some fixed thing. We look at it as what's going to drive excellence. The North Star is getting excellence. And so we've made a bunch of adjustments as we expanded around the world. We've made adjustments as we've become more original content-centric. So we're always improving. And again, the goal is excellence, and then a culture is a tactic in that journey.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Great. Thank you all.
Spencer Wang: Reed, Ted, did you want to close this out?
Spencer Neumann: Hey. Can I say one thing before they close us out, just as a tactical thing, one tactical thing that I should have mentioned earlier, Doug? I just want to make sure there's not a read-through when we guide to negative 2 million paid net adds in Q2. We didn't talk about full year and how -- what we expect. And we're not providing full year guidance, Doug, but I just want to make sure there's not a read-through from negative 2 million paid net adds in Q2 that there's going to be a steady strip down of negative adds. We're not expecting our growth to reaccelerate, our revenue growth to reaccelerate before the end of the year, but we will grow revenue. And there will be paid net add growth. As we get to the back half of the year, Ted talked about the stronger slate. We get further away from some of the big price increases. We get into a stronger seasonal period. So I just want to make sure that that's understood as you think about the full year, even though we're not providing full year guidance. Sorry, just we didn't get to it.
Reed Hastings: Always good to provide that nonguidance guidance.
Spencer Neumann: Thank you.
Reed Hastings: When we look at the last 20 years, like Ted mentioned, we've gone through a lot of changes, and we've always figured them out one by one. It's super exciting. We're going to figure this one out. We got a great team. We lead by a significant margin in streaming, and streaming is continuing to grow around the world. So we have a bunch of opportunity to improve. But coming out the other side, I'm pretty sure we'll look at this as really foundational in our continued journey. Over to you, Ted.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. That's well said, Reed. I would only add that -- a reminder to folks is that as we keep talking about competition, remind you that we have always had really tough competition. And all of the players who compete with us today have been competing with us since our first day of streaming, some head-to-head and some through their legacy business models, and they're now migrating to be more head-to-head players while they're struggling to manage their legacy businesses. So I really like the competitive position that we're in. I love the competitive position that we are moving from relative to just a couple of years ago. But in every metric that we measure success, engagement, revenue, subscribers, profit, all those ways that we're measuring, I think I like the competitive position that we're coming at it from. And I want to just assure everybody that everyone at Netflix shares that excitement, to come out on the other side of this part of the business. So with that, I would just encourage you to enjoy the final episodes of our incredible show, Ozark, and our longest-running comedy show, Grace and Frankie, coming up at the end of the month and an incredible slate of films and series coming up in '22. Thanks.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-20 22:35:24) =====
Spencer Wang : Hello. And welcome to the Netflix Q4 2021 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann.  Our interviewer this quarter is Nidhi Gupta from Fidelity. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary.  Nidhi, over to you now to kick off the Q&A.
Q - Nidhi Gupta : Thank you, Spencer. Good to be with you all again. Great to see all the new content over the quarter. I've been a little less productive, so I think I can blame you all for that. As usual, I'd like to start with net adds during the quarter, which came in a little bit later than you expected. Just help us understand the underperformance there.
Ted Sarandos : Nidhi, 8.3 versus 8.5, a little less
Reed Hastings: 222 million.
Spencer Neumann : In fairness, Nidhi said it was a little shy. So I'll take what Nidhi says. As she says, we delivered -- first, we're quite pleased with how the quarter played out. We delivered 8.3 million paid net adds. So it was just a bit shy about tenth of a percent on roughly 222 million paying members.  And overall, we're quite pleased with how our titles performed. We had big viewing. We started the quarter with Squid Game becoming a global phenomenon, and we ended the quarter in December with big TV series like the finale of La Casa de Papel, a big returning show in The Witcher, our two biggest movie releases of all time.  So overall, the business was healthy. Retention was strong. Churn was down. Viewing was up. But on the margin, we just -- we didn't grow acquisition quite as fast as we would have liked to see on our large subscriber base. A small change in acquisition can have a pretty big flow-through in paid net adds. And again, our acquisition was growing, just not growing quite as fast as we were perhaps hoping or forecasting.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. And as we look ahead to Q1, the guidance was a bit below kind of what was expected and what you've done in previous Q1s. Maybe just help us understand what some of the key considerations were that went into the guidance? And does it raise any concerns for you about anything structural, whether it's competition or saturation? Or does it give you any pause in terms of sort of your return on content spend?
Spencer Neumann : Sure. No structural change in the business that we see. What's reflected in the guidance, we guided to 2.5 million paid net adds in Q1. And what's reflected there is pretty much the same trends we saw in Q4. So healthy retention with churn down. Healthy viewing and engagement, with viewing up.  And acquisition just growing but a bit slower than pre-COVID levels, just hasn't fully recovered. And we're trying to pinpoint what that is. It's tough to say exactly why our acquisition hasn't kind of recovered to pre-COVID levels. It's probably a bit of just overall COVID overhang that's still happening after two years of a global pandemic that we're still unfortunately not fully out of, some macroeconomic strain in some parts of the world, like Latin America, in particular.  While we can't pinpoint or point a straight line using when we look at the data on a competitive impact, there may be some kind of more on the marginal kind of side of our growth, some impact from competition. But which, again, we just don't see it specifically. So overall, that's what's reflected in the guide. I'd say we -- our big titles are also landing, at least our known big titles a little bit later in the quarter with Season 2 of Bridgerton in March, The Adam Project also in March. As you know, we also -- while we are taking -- changing prices in countries every quarter. In Q1 of this year, it happens to be our largest country, as we announced last week, actually our largest region with Canada as well. So that's probably a little bit more impact than a typical quarter.
Reed Hastings : But Nidhi, you're right to reflect on two years ago, we were 10 million above plan, which was a shock. Last year, we were 10 million below or 9 million. And so the pull forward sort of makes it hard to read. In the prior years, we are very steady, so we can have confidence on incremental trends.  But as Spence said, when we reflect of course, hey, thats a little guide and we think it will be accurate. Its not sand packed at all, kind of that's what's going on. And there's a number of potential explanations with COVID, but then we worry about having too much on that. There's more competition than there's ever been. But we have Hulu with Amazon for 14 years. So it doesn't feel like any qualitative change there. And overall, confidence in streaming becomes all of entertainment. Linear dissipates over the next 10 to 20 years, very high confidence in that thesis because everyone's coming into streaming. So like market size, very large. Our execution is steady and getting better. So for now, we're just like staying calm and trying to figure out, again, the COVID has introduced so much noise. It just wants us to give it some pause as we work on everything we've always worked on.
Ted Sarandos : And just to reiterate, I'd say we took a big bet years ago on this. The people would move on to Netflix and Netflix-type offerings to consume movies and film. That was a big, big bet that we've seen continue to go through.  We have no change in our confidence in that. And I think what's really been great about 2021, even through all those conditions, we were able to kind of prove out to other theses that we've bet on starting years ago one big one around our investment in international programming. We're glad that we started that 7 years ago with Club de Cuervos. And now we were betting that you could take films and series from anywhere in the world and entertain the entire world.  And we were getting more -- bigger and bigger milestones against that goal. And now we have proven to have kind of global sensations from France with Lupin, from Spain with La Casa de Papel and Elite . And then in the biggest way possible in 2021 was Squid Game, which has become our biggest series ever. And it is unapologetically and perfectly Korean. So it's not built to be this kind of global thing. It's proving that great storytelling from anywhere in the world can entertain the world. And our other big bet was our investment in big budget feature films. And our bet that we could effectively release them and compete with big theatrical releases for audience and for attention. And Red Notice this year, of course and Don't Look Up have become our number 1 and number 2 most watched movies ever on Netflix. And if you look at the hours that we publish out, you can do the math and back into it. They may be the most watched movies anywhere in the world this year.  So I think those 2 bets coming through. It kind of strengthens our confidence in the overall bet in the service, and pleasing customers and leaning into consumer first business models, I think we could succeed there.
Nidhi Gupta : Yeah. And I think that's part of the question, right? I mean you -- this was probably the best content quarter you've had. And looking at sort of flattish subs versus previous Q4s, obviously, a great number, but it's kind of in line with what you've done the last few Q4s. What do you read from that? Is the customers sort of hurdle just higher in terms of the amount and quality of content that you need to deliver to get the same number of net adds?
Ted Sarandos : Well, I think what, I guess, Spence was saying, we didn't see it -- we didn't see a hit to our engagement. We didn't see a hit to retention. All those things that would classically lead you to looking at competition.  But it's just do of all those things. Not only are we in a pandemic, we've kind of come in and out of COVID at different levels in 2021 particularly the back half of 2021. So it's created a lot of bumpiness certainly and not steady linear growth, which makes it a little tougher to predict, but all the fundamentals of the business are pretty solid.
Nidhi Gupta : Got it. You announced a U.S. price increase last week. Maybe just help us understand kind of over what time frame you think this will flow through, what kind of churn you might expect?
Greg Peters : Yeah. I'd say you can anticipate it flowing through over the next quarter, the quarter that we're in right now in Q1. And we largely are seeing in the price changes we've done most recently and for the earliest indications that we have in the U.S., which is still premature because we actually haven't actually rolled it out to any customers yet. What we've seen over the last couple of years, which is that sort of core theory that we have that if we've done a good job investing, the members subscription fees that they paid us into better stories, more great storytelling, bigger movies, more variety.  Then when we come back and ask them occasionally for a little bit more to keep that sort of cycle going, then they're generally willing to do that. And we don't see any significant disruption to the business otherwise in that regard. And I would say generally, when we look at that sort of core theory and we look at also the competitors, if you look at Disney+ as an example, the other streaming services out there as well. And their ability to grow even as we've been growing as well, I think it's really strong endorsement for the core idea that consumers around the world are willing to pay for great entertainment. And it encourages us to continue that investment and to try and deliver more entertainment value and earn more of that share.
Nidhi Gupta : Yeah. It's a good point about your streaming competitors. And when I look at sort of your steady price increases in the U.S., it doesn't seem like you feel too constrained by where those competitors are priced. So is that a true statement? And I guess as long as you're viewing share is sort of multiples of any other streaming service in the U.S. Should we think about your price relative to cable actually as we sort of think about your runway? Not that you'll get there overnight, but as we think about your runway, is that really sort of the comparison we should be thinking about as opposed to other streaming services?
Greg Peters : We don't have an -- our priority is sort of price target in any given country that we're tracking to. Mostly, we're listening to our members and sort of iteratively doing this walk where the metrics that we see in terms of engagement and churn and acquisition and those kind of things are really our signal that we've done a good job at sort of creating this more value and it's the right time to ask for a little bit more to keep that going. So to the previous comments around competition and things like that. We don't think that it's immediately replaceable or substitutable or good, let's say, right?  And so if we have incredible stories, movies that you can only see on Netflix, great TV shows, unscripted, now games coming, then that really -- the value equation for any given member or member to be in a market is just are they getting good value for what they're paying. And as long as we do a good job there, we feel like we're fulfilling that need.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. You also made a price change in India in the other direction. Maybe just help us understand what you're trying to achieve with that price change?
Greg Peters : Yeah. I think it follows a whole set of activities that we've been doing in India over the years that we've been operating there and learning more about Indian consumers' tastes, et cetera. And that's broadening the offering in the service across many, many different dimensions. So it's obviously at the core is the content and the programming and seeking to expand that and provide an increased variety and range of programming that appeals and it's attractive to more people in India.  While we're thinking about go-to-market and the partnerships that we have and making sure that we're available with those partners at that place where more people in India will find us. And that gets to payments and many, many, many things. And when we looked at it and we saw sort of the sum total of all those activities. We felt it was the right time to decrease our prices there, to increase accessibility to all of that sort of those incremental value or features that we've been trying to deliver to the market to more Indian consumers.  And we also wanted to do it not just like we did with mobile, which is a good lower entry price point, but do it across the range of plans that we had under the theory that some of those features like the ability to watch on TV with a basic plan really unlocks more value in the service and therefore, would create more retention, more attractiveness to those plan types for those Indian consumers. And again, we're doing this through the lens of what's the long-term sort of revenue maximization, our best guess at that exchange. And so in this case, we're -- basically anticipated that while we decrease ARM, average revenue per member, as a result of the price decreases, we're going to make it up in more subscriber adds. And I would say it's still very early in looking at India. And some of these effects, like retention, it takes a couple of months to get a very clean read on it. But the early data that we are seeing very much supports a positive read on that lens of revenue maximization through these changes.
Reed Hastings : And Nidhi, as you well know, that not all viewers might -- what's unique about India is cable. It is about $3 per month per household. So radically different pricing than the rest of the world, which does impact consumer expectations.
Nidhi Gupta : Right, right. If this approach doesn't give you the desired result, and it sounds like it is so far. But if fast forward 6 months or 12 months from now, it isn't giving you the desired result, would you consider sort of rightsizing your content spend in India? Or maybe consider an ad-supported model? I guess, in other words, how hard do you want to push for India? And are there examples of success you see either in the media industry or outside of it that give you the confidence that you can make money in this market long term?
Reed Hastings : I think it would be a long time before we adjust it materially because in our experience in Brazil, it was brutal for the first couple of years. We thought we'd never break even. I know we've got this great business.  And then, Greg, why don't you talk about the experience in Japan?
Greg Peters : Yeah. I would use the word brutal in my -- back to that. And obviously, it's a different country, different characteristics in terms of affluence and things like that. But it took us quite a while to unlock all of these components, product market fit, get the right content, all these different pieces. But then once you get that sort of flywheel spinning, it's an incredible market for us and a source of tremendous growth in membership and revenue in the region. So I think we're quite bullish that India isn't fundamentally different in some way that we can't figure out how to tailor our service offering to be attractive to Indian consumers who love entertainment. We know that for sure. And so that, I think gives us a lot of optimism just to continue to work away at it.
Ted Sarandos : I would just add -- sorry, go ahead, Reed.
Reed Hastings : The great news is in every single other major market, we've got the flywheel spinning. The thing that frustrates us is why haven't we been as successful in India, but we're definitely leaning in there.
Ted Sarandos : And there wasn't an easy one in the bunch.
Spencer Neumann : Well, that's kind of what I was going to say, like what Ted touched on, like for as much as we have what we believe is a terrific business and a terrific business model that scales so well with content that can be created anywhere and travel everywhere. And you see that with our more than 222 basic million paying members around the world, it's also super hard. It's hard in every country.  And every country is on different adoption curve. And we talk about product market fit, but it's -- even though everyone loves film and TV and even games, it is very specific. Entertainment is still fundamentally pretty local around the world. So it's global and local, and we need to figure that out.  So that is actually a good thing about our business is that it scales well, but it's also super difficult. Otherwise, it'd be really easy for everybody to replicate it.
Ted Sarandos : It's -- the team going into producing original content in India being pretty almost impossible when we first started looking at it. And then this quarter alone, we've got original content coming out from Turkey, we have production in Russia, from Argentina, from Mexico, from Sweden, from Denmark. So we've got original content from all corners of the world with 20 originals coming out of Korea this year.  So the idea that they invested in this early and are built up on it. And that it really is going to be something that is going to start to -- we think it will start flowering in India for all the same reasons, a good product market fit, content people love, value that fits through their life and product they can't live without.
Greg Peters : And I'll triple down on that point as well, Ted. Because -- I mean, we're still learning even now as we have these incredible stories from all these places around the world, how to bring them to that global audience in increasingly effective ways. And it's simple things, obviously, like subtitling and dubbing, and we've subtitled 7 million run time minutes in '21 and dubbed 5 million run time minutes. But at that scale, we're learning actually how to do that better and how to make that localization more compelling to our members, but it also gets to even like things that you wouldn't even anticipate like just how you present these titles in an emotionally evocative way.  And we describe a story maybe as nostalgic or eerie and that means something to us. But you can't just literally translate that. You have to find out in every culture and language around the world, what is that similarly emotionally evocative descriptor that is going to communicate really easily and quickly what a story means. There's just -- there's so much work and incredibly fascinating things that we're learning about how to do that every day.
Ted Sarandos : And in many of those places where we built that out, there was zero infrastructure for subtitling and dubbing.
Nidhi Gupta : Well, speaking of content that travels well. South Korea, as you mentioned, Ted, has been a really bright spot for you. And as you said, you're launching over 20 new shows there this year. What are sort of the unique factors that drove your success in South Korea? And more importantly, what do you think the adoption curve can look like here relative to maybe what you've seen in other markets?
Ted Sarandos : I'd say, first and foremost, we've developed, over the years, an incredible team in Korea and South Korea that has worked with the talent community that recognized the storytelling that really works in Korea, that didn't try to make it different over travel but really try to find all the things about Korean cinema and Korean drama and build them up in a way that people could see kind of new levels of production value.  But it's not like we had to go in and teach anyone in South Korea how to make great content. It's an incredible market for that. And there's always been curiosity around the world. The K drama market has always had little pockets of success all over the place. But I think the ease of delivery that we've offered has kind of pushed that into the mainstream. Yes, there was kind of a turning point with Parasite and Bong Joon-ho's Oscar last year to kind of open up people's minds to it. But we saw that even way before that, with Okja, working with Director Bong, that there was this incredible storytelling culture that we could tap into. And that people would love K dramas and watch them all over the world, it just wasn't that easy to find them. And in Netflix, we've been able to kind of put together the great storytelling and great delivery and a great value proposition that has grown, the watching of Korean content in the U.S., the numbers I would have never believed 3 years ago. So 100% growth in 2021 over 2020.
Nidhi Gupta : Will we get a second season of Squid Game?
Ted Sarandos : Absolutely. The Squid Game universe has just begun.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Looking forward to that. Shifting gears to Latin America. This region feels like it's maturing at a lower level of penetration than you've seen in the U.S. Is that due to competition? Affordability? Account sharing? Or something else? Or maybe you disagree with the statement that it's actually maturing. But help us understand if there's anything you can do differently to sort of drive penetration levels there higher?
Spencer Neumann : Well, first, I just wouldn't necessarily read through that it's maturing faster, Nidhi. I mean, again, I just don't want to understate the impact of what we've been going through for the last 2 years. And in Latin America, in particular, has been more strained. It has less kind of government funding and subsidization relative to many parts of the world to kind of fuel their economy.  On top of that, we also continue to increase prices in that market last year across some big countries for us, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina. So between macroeconomic factors and general strain, business is still growing there. We grew by about 2.5 million members last year. So under the kind of pre-COVID growth rates, but still growing. And it is a market where pay TV is healthy. Folks love film and TV.  And so I think there's a long runway of growth there. It's also been a great market for us for Spanish language content that we're creating for the rest of the world. So we don't see -- and the others can chime in, need to change strategy. We continue, like we talked about with India, we're getting better everywhere, every year. We're getting better with our local content in Brazil and Mexico and so forth. So there's a lot more to come, but it's not a fundamental change in strategy.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. That makes sense. Maybe just stepping back, you've talked about 800 million to 900 million homes globally outside of China. That's sort of your TAM, your -- call it 25% penetrated into that. As you're seeing how various markets are playing out in terms of penetration levels, some higher, some lower, obviously, they're all still growing. Has your thought process changed at all on how many of these 800 million to 900 million homes you can have ultimately or sort of the time frame to get there, whether it's higher than you expected or lower than you expected?  And how might you actually evolve your content strategy or your pricing strategy to get the next 200 million subscribers?
Reed Hastings : Yeah. I'd say, Nidhi, on that PTV comparison we look at it. We're in the U.S., at about two thirds of the pay TV high watermark. And so the back third is definitely going to be harder than the first two thirds in terms of appealing more unscripted, more superhero. And we're working on all of that. Because we don't have sports and news. You might say, well, if we get to 80% or something of pay TV, that's a good accomplishment. But also streaming TV is such a better experience than the old linear TV. In some ways, we think to ourselves, we should be higher than pay TV, a combination of lower pricing and better experience. So definitely frustrating for us the current slower growth. That's why it could well be kind of just COVID effects where it could be as you're pushing on smaller market than we thought. I'm not sure why. So we try to be really rigorous of thinking about the long-term. It's possible that we'll get there, but slower than we thought, smart TV adoption, complexity, those kinds of things. But we're still focused on the original thesis of, if we become incredibly compelling, everyone's going to want to be a Netflix (inaudible).
Ted Sarandos : And I know it feels like we've been saying it for a long time, but it's early days. It really is. And I think about the evolving value proposition and how it's still maturing. The idea that big-ticket movies that people really care about premiering it being part of your Netflix subscription is actually taking the value proposition to a new level than it was just a couple of years ago.  So I do think, like I said, it's dynamic market for sure. It may not be as steady as people can think about it in terms of we're going to add X number every month, every quarter, every week. But it's going to -- but there's no question that that's the direction the business is going in.
Nidhi Gupta : Yeah. And Ted, that's a good segue to where I wanted to go next. You had an incredible lineup of films in Q4 with a lot of viewing. I'm curious, what did having a strong film slate in the quarter do for you relative to periods where you didn't have that? Did you see more aggregate engagement, lower churn, more conversation? Just what is sort of unique about delighting your customers with a film versus a show in terms of kind of the benefits that you see?
Ted Sarandos : Yes, there's a big theory, which is that people differently value movies because they always have to pay for it. You had to buy a movie ticket. You have to buy a pay-per-view transaction or DVD. There's always a kind of a transactional and a pretty big one for some people to see a big movie premier in your home. And so there was this kind of temporary effect that some other folks were doing -- this is our -- it's in our permanent model to premier our big movies on the service. And I think people look -- even if you really watch mostly television, you have a movie night, and we can service you on movie night. I think that's a very big important value proposition that we have that's different from everybody else. And these are the movies that people really love and care about. And you start seeing them at the scale of Don't Look Up and Red Notice in Q4, and it gets you to super excited as to be what could be next when -- what's coming next. And for that, we have things like The Adam Project coming up with Ryan Reynolds and John Lee directed coming up in Q1. It's a phenomenal movie for the whole family. With a big action movie from the Russo Brothers like Gray Man with Ryan Gosling, Knives Out 2, Enola Holmes 2.  So with this movie lineup that would be -- that any one studio would go for any one season, we've got new movies every week on Netflix. And they're big movies that people care about. And we think what's the expectation is set and we keep delivering on it, people will react to that, too.
Spencer Neumann : And Nidhi, I'd just add that at the core, what our members love and what they tell us they love is a great variety of high-quality content. And that means across TV film and hopefully, games over time in a much broader way. So film having a great film offering is, for us, a key part of that equation.  And so I think we're just starting to fulfill more and more of that our member kind of needs and wants and satisfaction. That's what we're seeing. But it's not like it's just so differential than something else as part of that overall quality and variety of entertainment offering.
Ted Sarandos : I also think it differentially serves people watching together. It's much easier to watch a movie together than to make sure you're all tracking on the same episode every week all over the -- if you travel or whatever you do. So that kind of together experience, we can deliver on every weekend on Netflix is pretty great. And I think about even just in the upcoming quarter alone, Spence talked about variety, everyone has a very different tastes. So any one movie is only going to serve a segment of the audience. Now you get big exciting thing like Don't Look Up and Red Notice, you can get to a big chunk of the base, but you're still only getting about 60%.  So to do that, to serve everyone, you have to have a big variety of output. So it does seem like a lot of volume, but it's not all for you. So in Q1 alone we have The Adam Project, I mentioned. We have Munich from Germany, Texas Chainsaw Massacre, which is kind of a reinvention of that franchise. Tall Girl 2, which is a sequel to one of our big YA romcoms. Home Team with Kevin James, Judd Apatow has got the movie The Bubble, that's all in Q1. And plus original local language films from all over the world as well.  So to meet the kind of a variety of taste we're able to really step up and deliver no matter what that taste is.
Nidhi Gupta : Yeah, that makes sense. Reed you talked on the Q3 call about sort of, over time, building out the whole experience of games, consumer products, live events, et cetera, around some of your IP. And it obviously starts with great IP and great storytelling. But what else do you have to get right operationally and strategically to really build a franchise? And do you feel like you have the pieces in place now?
Reed Hastings : We're building those muscles steadily with our consumer products, both like the Squid Game tracksuits. And then we're making a big push on experiences that are mobile and portable and people, if we can set them up quickly and developing that muscle. Obviously, the gaming muscle were very young on and building. So if you think of a world in a few years where those are strong muscles and then you think of the next Bridgerton or Squid Game coming through, that's what we hope to be able to really pull those pieces together. And then people talk about franchise like it's zero or one. But of course, there's a complete continuum that will add value in the short term to our various titles. And we're doing that already through the consumer products world and having people feel a bigger connection to those big franchises.  So it's already working, but it's probably, I don't know, 20% of what it will be in a couple of years in terms of the auxiliary boost beyond just the title.
Ted Sarandos : And I'd say on that continuum, Reed, you've got Stranger Things, which I'd say is this valuable franchise as exists today in entertainment around the world. We certainly have things that are in their early stages of becoming a franchise like Bridgerton, which we launched our second season of this, our second most popular show ever in Q1.  And also, this year, you'll see an origin story on Queen Charlotte. And this incredible Bridgerton live experiences around the country and around the world that fans will flock to and flood their social media feeds with and there's consumer products that go along with that as well. So it's all those kind of makings of a franchise instead of trying to tapping into one that's been building for 50 years. Can you build it from whole cloud? And I think Stranger Things is a proof point that you can.
Nidhi Gupta : We touched on gaming a little bit. It's very exciting to see some worldwide launches during the quarter. Greg, I know it's early days, but what has sort of the reception and engagement been from the subscriber base? And what have your learnings been as well?
Greg Peters : Yeah. As you say, it's tremendously exciting to get to this point because we basically have been building the plumbing and all the technical infrastructure just to get to the point where we can do this which is consistently launch games globally to all of our members. And it's great to do that. And now as you point out, we're now really getting to learn from all those games what are the discovery patterns, what are the engagement patterns? How are they performing? What do our members want from games on the service?  And it's still very early days. But generally, what we're seeing is not surprisingly, we have a growing number of monthly active users, daily active users on these games. And so we're generally seeing good growth in that regard. But really, as we're doing this, we've been building in parallel what I'm super excited about it which is the sort of internal development capacity, our own game studio. We've been hiring some incredible talent that brings a set of experience to this process. We've done an acquisition in this space.  And that now allows us to incrementally gradually over a period of time get to that sort of the value that you and Reed were talking about where we get to deliver now interactive experiences that are tied to the IP that we're excited about, that are timed with that. And that I think is really when you're going to see a next level of unlock around the value we can deliver to members.
Nidhi Gupta : Given that gamers tend to sort of consolidate their time around a smaller number of titles compared to video where we tend to consume a wider variety of content. Would it be more efficient to sort of buy your way into some well-known titles to sort of anchor the product? Just the last couple of weeks, we've obviously seen a couple of major companies make big acquisitions or at least announce big acquisitions because this is obviously something that's difficult to build organically. I'm just curious what your reaction to that is and why isn't Netflix participating in big acquisitions given your aspirations in gaming?
Greg Peters : Well, I mean it was exciting to see the activity in the space. And I think to some degree, it's an endorsement of the core thesis that we have around subscription being a great model to connect consumers around the world with games and game experiences.  And were open to licensing, accessing large game IP that people will recognize. And I think you'll see some of that happen over the year to come. But we also see back to test like building out a whole cloth and the ability to take the franchises or the big titles, let's call it, that we are excited about and actually develop interactive experiences that are connected to those. We see a huge long-term multiyear opportunity in that, too.  So we're very open. We're going to be experimental and try a bunch of things. But I would say the eyes that we have on the long-term prize really center more around our ability to create properties that are connected to the universes, the characters, the stories that we're building in other places and sort of magnify that value for the fans of those stories.
Spencer Neumann : Nidhi, we have time for two more questions.
Nidhi Gupta : Okay. Maybe Reed, just a bigger picture question for you, and Spencer, I might have more than a couple of questions. But you have this global subscription product that's inside sort of hundreds of millions of households around the world. And you really nailed 2D lean back content, but there is this whole world of interactive or semi interactive content, whether it's gaming or fitness or education, and at the more extreme end, there's VR content, and now everyone is talking about the metaverse.  You've obviously already gotten going on gaming. But as you look at sort of this broad spectrum of content, how much of it do you want to sort of wrap your subscription around thinking about the long-term?
Reed Hastings : When you say how much do you want to, that would be a high number. But we have to be differentially great at it. We there's no point of just being in it. That's very dilutive of the whole proposition. And so it took us several years to get great at English original series. And you saw in the letter on the Google Search trends how well we did there. We built with a lot of effort, a really strong film franchise, and that's -- Ted calls it just the third inning. It's like we're really just getting going to what we think we're going to be able to do there.  Of course, we've got all the international content. We've got unscripted, documentaries. And then gaming, which initially were focused on the mobile gaming is a big one. So I would say when mobile gaming is world-leading and we're some of the best producers and like where we are at film today, 2 of the top 10 for our gaming, then you should ask, okay, what's next? Because we're definitely crawl, walk, run and like let's nail the thing and not just be in it for the sake of being in it or for a press release, but we got to please our members by having the absolute best in the category.  And Ted and Greg have been doing a terrific job on that. And we'll just continue to work on that. So queue it up for that. When we're winning in games. Then we'll take the question.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Spence, just turning over to you on margins. Does the guidance for a lower level of margin -- and you gave a lot of explanation around that in the letter -- but outside of sort of the FX impact, does it have more to do with some of these incremental investments we're talking about, like games and perhaps consumer products? Or does it have more to do with sort of the lower level of revenue growth that you're expecting?
Spencer Neumann : No, it's really just FX, Nidhi. So as we said in the letter, we lost about $1 billion of expected revenue in '22 through FX. That's about 2 points of margin. So if you just kind of look at our guide and add that back on, we're right on our pace of adding about 3 points of margin per year. And I can't forget we were over delivering on margin in the last couple of years. So that's really all that's happening here. And the FX move happened in really the last 6 months of last year. So what we've always said is we don't want to swing the business unnecessarily fast. We want to be able to invest in a healthy way into our growth opportunities. And over time, we will then rightsize our -- appropriately our investment levels, our cost structure, our pricing in order to rightsize for where the currencies are coming in. And so this gives us some time to do it. So it gives us a little time, but we will catch back up. We're still committed to roughly 3 -- 3, average of 3 points of margin increase over any two year period. But there's no change there. We've been factoring in our content investment, our game investment all along. And I just want to say in our growth, too. We talk a lot about this deceleration. Obviously, we'd like to grow faster, but there's still very healthy growth in this business. What you're seeing in -- we ended the year last year with 19% growth year-over-year. What you've seen the guide is 10% revenue growth for Q1, but that's a bit misleading again because of FX. There's about 4 points of drag in our revenue in Q1.  So the under -- what I would argue, FX adjusted constant currency for Q1 year-over-year is about 14% growth. It's also a tough comp year-over-year in Q1 because you may remember, we increased prices in the U.S. and Q4 of '20, which flowed through to Q1 of '21 is when it was really materialized. So the year-over-year comp is tough. So the underlying organic revenue growth in the business is, right now, at least in Q1, more like 15%, plus 15%, 16%, 17%. So that's -- that's at least just in the quarter. And that's still very healthy underlying growth in the business. I don't want to dismiss that. We'd love to be growing faster. We'd love to not have the negative FX swings, but still very healthy growth in the business.
Reed Hastings: Nidhi, since it's your last earnings interview, I will grant you one extra question.
Nidhi Gupta : I have one last question, this will be the last one, but it's also for Spence. It's very exciting that you'll become sustainably free cash flow positive this year. Congratulations on reaching this milestone. I feel like I've been waiting 10 years to ask this question, but how will you balance M&A and buybacks with your free cash flow?  And maybe sort of related to that, have we peaked in terms of that ratio of cash content spend to amortization? And how long will it take for earnings and free cash flow to kind of converge?
Spencer Neumann : I can't believe you wanted to end with me, Nidhi. There's so many more exciting people to speak with on the call. So we appreciate what you said there. It is a big milestone for us to be cash flow positive going forward. We're excited for that. The business model has been proving out. So that's great in terms of our increasing profits, profit margins over time as well as cash. In terms of use of cash, and Spencer, you can chime in, too, but as we've talked about in prior calls, our top priority is to be responsible stewards of the business and our cash but to invest in the healthy growth of our business and strategically invest in the business, first, organically, if there's been opportunistically that M&A is not the strategy for us per se. M&A is a tactic to accelerate our strategy, whether it's to accelerate our content capabilities and capacity or just acquisition of IP, like all across film, TV and games as you've seen.  And what's left over after that, we're not going to sit on excess cash as we've said. Our capital allocation plan is as it's been, which is to have roughly 2 months of revenue in the form of cash on our balance sheet, and excess beyond that, we'll return to shareholders opportunistically as we have done. We did that through the tune of about $600 million last year in share repurchase. And we're authorized up to $5 billion share repurchase. So that's still our plan. In terms of when the -- those ratios converge and earnings and cash flow look the same, I don't want to put a prediction out there. We're still in a very much in growth mode as a business. So it will continue to converge over time, but I don't want to declare a specific peak. It's been going in the right direction over a multiyear period. And it will continue to do so.
Spencer Wang : The only thing I would add to that, Nidhi, is just on the capital allocation part. Just to remind you, our balance sheet target is for gross debt of about $10 billion to $15 billion. We ended the quarter slightly above the $15 billion mark. So as we said in the letter, we will be paying down about $700 million in Q1.  But obviously delevering a bit is something you should anticipate in terms of use of cash. And then just lastly, on the EPS free cash flow question. So I just want to remind you, there are some below-the-line items like the non-cash remeasurement of our euro bonds that can skew EPS in any sort of given quarter, so just a call out there. But thank you for your questions. I'm going to turn it over to Ted now to -- for his closing remarks and to take us home.
Ted Sarandos : Nidhi, thank you so much for these and thanks for today. The love of film and TV and games has built big businesses for people who can figure out what people love, build a creative environment that creators know how to feed it and then deliver it to fans with a value proposition that they appreciate.  I think those fans are positively moving from old linear models and transactional models to more fan-friendly subscription services that are with high-quality programming, delivered well with great value. That's absolutely happening, and it's happening all over the world. The pace of the migration may be a little hard to call from time to time when there are kind of very global events or even local conditions, but it's absolutely happening. There's no question of that. Films that you love and series that you define yourself by and games that thrill you, that's a pretty great business. We're thrilled to be in it. We're also planning to continue to improve what we're doing and to grow this by growing revenue, by growing profits and by growing audience affinity around the world. So once again, Nidhi, if I can see you in person, I'd give you this. I've got 2 of them. Where is the other one?
Greg Peters : Ted, I found one for you.
Spencer Neumann : Thank you, Nidhi.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-19 22:54:04) =====
Spencer Wang : Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2021 earnings interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO Reed Hastings, Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos, COO and Chief Product Officer Greg Peters, and CFO Spence Neumann.  Our interviewer this quarter is Nidhi Gupta from Fidelity. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. Nidhi, you now have the green light to ask your first question.
Q - Nidhi Gupta : Thank you, Spencer. Great to be with you all again. I want to say congratulations on all your success in the quarter, 44 Emmys and the amazing viewership of Squid Game, my children will never play red light, green light again, and your acquisition of Night School Studio and the announced acquisition of the Roald Dahl Story Company, so we have a lot to talk about this quarter. But first I want to start subs, which came in better than expected. So just to help us dissect the outperformance there.
Spence Neumann: Sure. I can take that one, Nidhi. So great to see you and thanks for the kind words in the opening. In terms of what we saw this quarter for Q3, I guess it really boils down to what we saw, sort of what we expected. We talked about on the last call that we hope that we're getting towards that kind of tail end of the COVID choppiness of the pull-forward of sub-growth into 2020 and those production delays that we're working through as well.  And that's what we're seeing. So throughout the quarter, the business remained healthy as it had been throughout the year with churn at low levels down prior to the comparable periods, both in 2020 and 2 years ago, pre - COVID in 2019. So retention was very healthy and viewing was up. Viewing per member is slightly down compared to the very COVID distorted 2020 Q3, but up a healthy compared to 2019, comparable period.  And then what we saw as the quarter continued into September, we saw acceleration in our growth, which is what we had been hoping for and expecting, but it was good to see as we got into the strength of our schedule, we had a couple big hits. As you mentioned, one was squid game, la casa de papel.  The first part of Season five, but a lot of variety and quality of programming throughout the quarter with things like never have, I have never have I ever. And he is all that and Chestnut man and Copenhagen in the end, the end of the quarter. So just -- that's basically the way it played out is as we got into the strength of the schedule on top of already healthy business fundamentals, we saw a bit of an uptake in growth.
Nidhi Gupta : Thank you for that. And can you talk a little bit about the weakness that you saw in Latin America, what drove that and how is that making you think about the longer-term prospects there?
Spence Neumann: Sure. I can take that one as well and others can jump in. For Latin America, we saw that growth was a little bit soft in the quarter. It was primarily we took some price increases in Brazil in Q3. And as not unexpected, that tends to when we do those things slow down growth a little bit for the short-term. The good news is we only take pricing like that as Greg speaks to a lot when we believe we're increasing the value to our members and we believe we've done that.  So this is sort of a short-term slowdown in growth, but good for our business. And we're already continuing to grow through it, but this slowed us down a little bit in Latin America in Q3. And we also talked about in the letter for Latin America and UCAN, both of those markets are a bit more mature, more tenured, more penetrated than some of our other markets. So we would expect growth to be just a little bit harder work for, but still a lot of runway for growth in both of those regions.
Ted Sarandos: And I'd only add that just like everyone else in the world, we have to make the shows and films that people in Latin America love. And that's what's going to continue to fuel our growth. For by way of example, we have the new season of Sintonia coming up, which is our largest original series from Brazil. So it really -- and we think that these big high profile shows and Luis Miguel in Mexico, new season coming up will continue to reignite growth in that area as well.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. As we look ahead to Q4, you have an extensive content slate coming. What sort of the magnitude of impact you would expect to see on gross ads and churn based on history, or is the huge number of additions that you pulled into the service in 2020, making that relationship less clear, perhaps.
Spence Neumann: We don't really break down the differential between the 2, other than to say that the -- what we sort of been seeing throughout the year, we would expect to continue in terms of that healthy retention.  And then this kind of acceleration as we get past those market -- those initial market reopenings with COVID past the that COVID pull-forwarding into the strength of our slate, as you say, across the board from big returning English language series like The Witcher and Cobra Kai and even unscripted like Tiger King and then non-English language series like La Casa that we've talked about already. We have the final, final in -- late in the quarter, and then we've got big films like Red Notice and The Harder They Fall. So there's just a lot coming, so in going into that, strength of our slate plus stronger seasonal period that's kind of playing into it with underlying healthy retention.
Ted Sarandos: What Spencer is saying, fundamentally is, we're an uncharted territory and we have so much content coming in Q4 like we've never had. So we'll have to feel our way through and it rolls into a great next year also.
Spence Neumann:  one-quarter to have this many high-profile films and the returning seasons are our most popular shows. And we're a new territory of normalized post - COVID, or pre - COVID, or in - COVID, other different ways that wouldn't be kind of that impact the metrics and the performance we're all looking at how that's going to impact, but we certainly think it's positive.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Sorry, Spence, were you going to say something?
Spence Neumann: I was just getting to the net of it as you see in the guide. So the guide is at 8.5 million paid net adds is essentially in line with the past few years, even pre - COVID where we were in that 8 million to 8.8 million - ish range. Right. And then you mentioned 2022. As the world starts to normalize next year, we'll see what that looks like, but how do you feel about your ability to get back to that 27 million, 28 million annual sub addition level?  And I hesitate to even ask the question because we're anchoring to this 27 million, which it would be helpful to understand actually why it fell into that consistent range over the last few years. And are we wrong to anchor on that recent history to begin with? I'm going to take it.
Reed Hastings: I can take it, Spence. The big picture is no one's really sure, really. You can't come off the craziness of COVID and be confident of the next two years. So we're going to push really hard. If you think about the big picture, we're at 200 and something million, that's pretty small, compared to pay TV households, ex China.  So just matching the pay TV households, plenty of room for growth. Streaming is developing at a great pace, all kinds of devices and competitors helping that market growing. Competition, obviously, that's a factor.  But the amount of scale of content and entertainment that we have, and the way we're set up, it's like Squid Game is incredible, but it's not that Ted commissioned it. The most incredible part is it's the system that Ted built with highly distributed when it was one of our leaders in Korea two years ago that commissioned it. And so there's got to be other amazing ones like that, that even Ted or I or any of us don't even yet know about, that are digesting in the Netflix cost dimension. So we certainly wholesale, but there's no real certainty. I wouldn't want to give it like management credibility of that. We want it and we're going to push hard into it. But I think we're all wrestling with the post COVID, how the things come back together. Spence, anything you want to add on that?
Spence Neumann: No, I mean, you really hit it, at the end of the day it's about as Reed talked about, we're just trying to continually improve our service around content and the ability to discover that content with our choosing and driving conversation every day and getting better every day.  And if we can do that and be that first choice in entertainment, then ultimately that's what's driving that secular growth from linear to streaming entertainment. And over long trends, it tends to be at least to-date, fairly predictable just as we saw through Q3.  And if we deliver our guidance through Q4 over a trailing 24 month period, that's about 55 million paid net adds or about 27.5 million on average, which is kind of where we've been the last few years. But to Reeds point, we can't predict with certainty, but those secular growth trends are pretty strong so long as we continue to improve our service.
Nidhi Gupta : Right. Well, Ted, turning it over to you, Squid Game is top of mind for a lot of folks. Clearly for Reed and Spencer, that's all they talked about today. Your biggest series launch ever, 142 million viewers in the first few weeks, as you said in the letter. Many of those viewers outside of its home market, South Korea, which makes it even more impressive. Can you talk to us about how this happened? What made the show so successful around the world?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I think it's really -- it goes into this storied history of content creation. Squid Game was really pointed out that was picked up a couple of years ago from the Korea team, who did recognize it to be one of what they thought would be their biggest title this year.  So good that they did. But I can't tell you that we had the same eyeball honest to tell you, there was going to be the biggest titles in our history around the world. And to your point, the growth of between  and Korea has been phenomenal in everywhere, everywhere we operate.  So if you look at these numbers, they are -- the internal viewing looks a lot like a local language show in any country you look at it, it was enormously successful. And that's 10 years trying to sell the show; our team recognized something that nobody else did. And it created an environment for that creator to make a great show.  So viral -- how something can go viral is really hard to predict, but it's super powerful when it happens. And the show has to deliver the goods to be able to deliver that much viewing, and to have people talk about it in such short hand that you can spoof it on Saturday Night Live because it's so in the night, guys. I already said it for him. And it happens. So we feel it when it's happening and you know when it's happening, it's a little hard to predict sometimes. Sometimes you think you've got lightning in a bottle and you're wrong, and sometimes you think you've got a great green show that turns out to be lightning in a bottle for the world. But remember, it's that game for Korea, which is super phenomenal. But we've had successes, not on that scale, but like that with La Casa de Papel from Spain, with Lupin from France, with the film Blood Red Sky from Germany, from Sex Education in the UK, where the stories of the world can increasingly come from anywhere in the world. And this is a thing that we really work on day in and day out. And the teams that are doing that around the world, the thing that they're mostly focused on is a great windfall when these things happen, but they're mostly focused on a bunch of shows you never heard of, like -- but they are hugely impactful in territory, Sintonia in Brazil, Chestnut Man right now in Denmark for us is an enormous success, coming up in the quarter, a spin-off version of Call My Agent from India.  The Italian film The Hand of God, a new season of Luis Miguel. So these are all shows that are meant to be hugely impactful and logged in territory. And if they really catch on, they travel a lot. But they're really focused on making a difference and around the world, non-English content viewing has grown 3 times, since we started in 2008, making content.  So I started thinking about the impact of that and the impact of that growth, and the idea that we can put new storytellers into the world from everywhere in the world and they will pay the way TV and film has made in the future.
Nidhi Gupta : Yeah, I mean, my guess would be you're reaching close to a billion TV fans globally with your content. And that can obviously generate a lot of verality for a great piece of continents. You said that the content has to deliver, what a success like Squid Game and all of the other international hits that you've talked about. What does that mean for your ability to acquire the best stories going forward, especially in international markets where there aren't as many global buyers of content?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, look. The best content is always been competitive, and ever since we got into this, we've been navigating these waters of really competitive spaces to find the content. The one thing we can promise international creators is the possibility of having Squid Game experience, where the star of your show in Korea can go from 400 thousand social media followers to 15 million in five days.  It's that kind of thing that happens on this -- that can happen on Netflix because we have this really engaged fan base and we have this UI that recognizes and helps them figure out how to find the show they're going to love. Even if they've never watched the show from Korea, I think it's an amazing proof point of the content, but it's also an amazing proof point of the delivery system that helps people find content.
Nidhi Gupta : Right. I mean, youre nine years into your original content strategy, Ted; you had a steady stream of hit shows. Your -- you have a high share of the top IMTV shows at any given time. You seem to have at least one show a year that everyone is talking about.  Can you talk about why we haven't seen sort of that consistency of success in original films yet? Is there anything inherently different about getting a hit film versus a hit show? And if there are, how can you sort of address this over time?
Ted Sarandos: Well, remember we're a few years behind in the film business, the way we film our TV business. We only started making meaningful budget original film about 3 years ago. And then that time, we've had 5 Oscar-nominated best pictures and some big, big films in terms of viewing. You see that in the latter, where we published some of those numbers.  I think it's interesting that that's going to continue to grow. And I don't have any doubt that we're going to see that excitement in the culture around our movies as we have our TV show over time. It's interesting that people love to talk about their favorite TV show in a different way than they do movies.  So I think maybe it's just feels a little bit louder. But as you see in those numbers, we're getting big viewing on our original films and we're getting -- some of our biggest bets yet are coming in the fourth quarter of this year and the first half of next year.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Switching gears to engagement for a second, you've been doing a lot more with mobile. In recent years, you've obviously got the mobile-only plans. You're launching mobile games now. You have launched mobile trailers a while ago, in fact, last recently. Is this a strategic priority as a Company to grow mobile engagement specifically?
Greg Peters: I think the strategic priority, media said sort of meet our members where they're at and the vast majority of our members engage with us on a mobile device. And so we want to make sure that when they're at that moment, and then sometimes that's when they're out and about, that they have the opportunity to get a greater Netflix experience with their mobile phone.  And that could be to your point, it could be trailers, it could be fast lapse, something that's short or it could be actually just getting the next ten minutes of Squid Game because they were watching it in their home when they left and they had to go out and then we could have an uninterrupted experience there. So we definitely want to target those devices and do the best we can in terms of giving our members great experience on those devices as well.
Nidhi Gupta : And you mentioned -- you mentioned mobile games. Great to see you launch some games in the quarter. Greg, maybe talk to us a little bit about what you've learned from the experience of both producing and launching those games. The mobile games and whole end Italy and Spain as well as the Oculus game.
Greg Peters: Yeah. I would say it's -- we're incredibly early in this process. And mostly what we've done to date is about essentially making sure that all of our systems are working as we expect. So it's really about proving to ourselves that we can do the delivery in the way that we want. And we're building all the systems around it, the same things that's made our service very powerful for recommending movies and TV shows. What Ted mentioned, connecting great content creators into this audience, that's the capability that we need to build on the game side as well now. So we're really just checking off the first bits of that process, and that's going well.  We have -- we got a positive trajectory, but I think what you're trying to get to, which is all the sort of much more exciting questions that come behind that which means like what's the business value, how do we think about engagement, what our specific genre or title performance, we're still many months and really frankly years into learning incrementally about all those details. So really more to come there.
Nidhi Gupta : As a management team, you've always been laser-focused on the consumer, which has led to a lot of success in TV and films. And I'm curious, how can you improve the consumer experience in games? What kinds of new game experiences or new distribution models can you enable particularly early on, not having to worry about direct monetization?
Greg Peters: Yeah, and I think it's important to know that, first of all, we're going to learn our way through that just as we have in the other content categories that we serve. And we'll learn by basically putting stuff out there and then having our members tell us what's working and what's not.  But we're excited about the idea that by taking away what we see as distractions from the core enjoyment experience associated with other models like advertisements or in-app monetization per title cost that we can really give our members a much easier I direct enjoyment experience with games, just like we have with TV shows and movies.  And there's a great flip side to that coin as well, which is that our creators can really put all of their energy, everything they are excited about into making that maximal enjoyment experience for the users, the players of those games without having to worry about those other things that they have to another models in terms of monetization.  That's one really key area that we're excited to explore. And another one is, that we think that this just connects really well with the other work that we're doing. We're creating all these amazing universes and worlds and characters and story lines.  And we can attach to the passion and fandom that our members have on viewing those on the video side, with game experiences and allow them to go deeper and explore spaces that they wouldn't have otherwise seen on the video side. And so we really think there's a good connection and synergy there. And over time, we'll try and bring those closer together and let those two worlds more influence each other and have of a more direct connection. But again, that's something that as years in the making, we've really got to iteratively explore and none of us know exactly what that will look like because we have to sort of find our way as we go.
Reed Hastings: And maybe imagine 3 years from now and some future Squid Game is launching and it comes along with an incredible array of interactive gaming options and it's all built into the service. And then, of course, you've got your off Netflix aspects, the experiences that we're building out, consumer products, all of that coming together. So Company like Disney is still ahead of us in some of those dimensions of putting that whole experience together. But we're making progress, and it's so exciting over the next 3 to 5 years, kind of closing that gap and hopes to pass them on that spectacular all-around experience.
Nidhi Gupta : That's great color. And you mentioned Squid Game and this idea of kind of building the worlds and the experiences around the IP. How tightly do you want  the IP for gains and experiences that are created on other platforms, roadblocks, for example, has a lot of Squid Game inspired activities and games right now. How -- how do you think about that going forward?
Greg Peters: It's just tremendously exciting to see something like Squid Game blow up in the cultural zi -guys, there you go. Ted, I stole your word here. And then how that basically shows up that passion for the title shows up in all these different places.  We definitely want to be part of some of that passion in the games and the interactive experiences we do will be designed and we'll get better and better at trying to make sure that those are available in land and are ready to be complements when that happens.  But there is no, I think, monopoly on that, that passion, and so you'll see it in other places and people are sending around TikTok videos or they're doing their own mini games in Roblox or things like that. I think that's great and I think that we should celebrate that fandom and that excitement as well.
Nidhi Gupta : And that makes sense. What do you think will be the hardest part about creating great games? What are the skills and assets you feel you already have versus what you need to attain? And maybe you can comment on Night School Studio in the context of that, why was that the perfect acquisition for you when you surveyed the landscape?
Greg Peters: Yeah. Well, it's a whole different muscle, right? And creating games as this alchemy of a whole variety of stuff where you have engineering and you have to the design and the story and then you have sort of a data element, especially in games that are living and evolve as players interact with it. So we've never done that before, and so the hard part is going to be putting that all together and really learning how to be successful at that.  And again, back to your point previously, we've only been in the original game for less than a decade and we've done a pretty good job at building the capability to be better and better at that. And so our plan is to essentially follow that same trajectory and apply the same-center approaches that we have. And really be focusing as a learning organization, or how do we advance those skills. I think we're going to take a bunch of different approaches to try and be successful in that space, just like we did in movies and TV shows. If you think about license to partner produced, to self-produced, there's a multiple avenues that we get to, to producing incredible entertainment experiences for our members.  I think we're going to take a similar approach with games which will have multiple different approaches, including an internal game development capability. And that internal capability really allows us to push the edges on what is interactive storytelling, and how do we bridge that more tightly with the linear storytelling that we're doing on the video side.  So we want to build that up. And one of the ways to accelerate that process is when we find the right opportunities through acquisition and that's what we did with Night School. And we're tremendously excited about that team in specific because they've really -- the core of what they've done is to try and explore story and narrative essentially as the central game mechanic.  And we think that fits really, really well with what we're trying to do and so it's been great to get them onboard and involved and to hear their thoughts and ideas. And I expect it will be a sort of a rich partnership over the years to come.
Spence Neumann: Go ahead, Reed.
Reed Hastings: Greg and Spencer, how do you want to set these expectations in terms of future Night School?
Greg Peters: Again, it's something that we'll be opportunistic. So I would say, don't expect us to go on a  buying spree or something like that. This will be one of the tools that we use and we'll use it opportunistically when we find a great opportunity out there. And Spencer, do you want to elaborate on that?
Spence Neumann: I think you hit the nail on the head, Greg. I think, Nidhi, as you can tell from our track record, we are fairly selective when it comes to M&A. But as Greg said, when an opportunity presents itself where we feel like we're aligned with the Company, I think that's an opportunity we'll take. But again, it's not -- nothing more than that. And the only thing I'd add just more broadly in ADA, is just that -- and Greg talked about this -- touched on this which is, this is going to be that we're learning into this. This is in terms of business impact over time from games. This is not just months, but years of building.  So even in our most ambitious success scenario, it will be years, we would expect, before this could have a meaningful impact on our business. So very excited for the long term. We're going to be patient, we're going to move quickly and learn quickly. But this is a multi-year build.
Nidhi Gupta : Well, we're excited to see what you build. Moving over to you, Ted. You announced the acquisition of the Roald Dahl Story Company this quarter as well. Can you talk about your vision for this IP?
Ted Sarandos: I think the Dahl characters that were created over the years have had it incredibly enjoying staying power for kids and parents. They've done really well in seeing feature film and I think we had an interesting take when we entered into our commercial relationship with Roald Dahl storytelling Company to make a very feature quality animated series based on these characters and books. And through that process, we went through the organization, our live action films -- our TV teams, our film series teams, and everybody going through saying and there was enough interest and desire to create in this universe that we thought it would make sense for it to be -- to all reside here in Netflix.  Creating stories for the world from this universe with these really richly developed characters that have done great, like from James and the Giant Peach to BFG, and of course, Willy Wonka, and all the characters are coming from that. We're doing an origin story series on the Willy -- from Willy Wonka.  And we've had so much creator interest from all of our overall partners, the one to tell stories in this world that we thought it was a great partnership to move forward on and bring it inside Netflix and see if we couldn't preserve these great stories for the future. And I think it will tell -- will create value in our game world, certainly can continue to get value in publishing world, and our consumer products group has just digging their teeth into it now.
Nidhi Gupta : Ted, maybe more broadly, what have been your key learnings developing the kids content vertical over the last 5 years or so? What does it take to really succeed with this audience?
Ted Sarandos: It's still a long time out. Our investment feels like it's been -- we've been at this a long time but the production cycles on these feature films, by way of example, it could be 3 to 5 years. So that's still to learn is we're a pretty impatient lot that we're trying to run as fast as we can. And we've got this one part of the business that it's going to take a little bit longer to prove itself out or not.  What I have found is though that we've got some of the greatest storytellers on the planet making their next projects at Netflix, and we're really excited to see how they're coming together. What I believe is that you don't need necessarily this enormous machine to create brand loyalty around kids characters and kids film. We've had great success on, without any of the machine -- but not in the machine, just being able to be very important part of kids viewing life.  So I think we've got a pretty focused on like we do everything else on how good is the story telling how good is the execution, how great is the production value? Are we advancing the art of animation or the animation world, which will continue to attract the best and brightest? And those things I think we're on the right track for. And I think it's going to take a couple more years to really play itself out.
Nidhi Gupta : Well, you will definitely have an audience for your Dahl content in my household.
Ted Sarandos: Got it.
Nidhi Gupta : I'm looking forward to it. A couple of you mentioned consumer products. You recently launched an e-commerce site, as well as a partnership with Walmart. Can you talk about how developed your plans are for consumer products and what are you trying to achieve over the long term?
Ted Sarandos: I believe that the consumer products is it's really a great way to enhance the relationship with content and fans. So you can -- like Reed and Spencer are modeling for us right now. If you love Squid Game and you show up in that track suit, you're going to be invited at a dinner party. So the ability to do that I think is we have it in our -- we'll have to be able to do it and to grow it big.  I don't think even in huge success against the revenue and margins of the core business that it would look like it will make much difference in terms of -- the core for us is that it gets very, very big so that it enhances the talk ability and  moments around our content and gives fans a way to express that random in a way that amplifies it and attracts more fans.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Spence, switching gears to margins, always a boring topic. As you invest in gaming and some of these other initiatives that we've been talking about on this call, how comfortable are you doing that within the 300 basis point-margin improvement per year, particularly if revenue growth slows below the 20% level?
Spence Neumann: Sure. Well, as you pointed out, we're -- our revenue growth remains healthy. It is -- but it is at right around in that point. So with our guidance, we're guiding to roughly just a tick under 20%, 19% revenue growth for the year. Still very healthy revenue growth. I mean, for that's on a base of roughly $30 billion of revenue.  So if we can sustain anything around those levels, that's pretty rare air at that scale. And so we'll work hard to do that. And that comes down to what I said before. Ultimately, what we can -- how we control that is -- how to best control it is to make our service better and better every day through this amazing variety and quality of content and better discovery of that content and connecting with our fans around the world. So that's what we're focused on. If we can do that and we can kind of manage our business in a prudent scrappy way, we're committed to doing so. So for the next few years, at least, we're committed to making that trade-off, growing healthy, strategically investing in the business, and growing our margins at roughly 3 percentage points per year on average on a multiyear basis.
Nidhi Gupta : In longer term, when you think about what it takes to fulfill the content needs, everyone you want to reach every day of the week, do you look at your current $17 billion of cash spend and say, well, it's easy to imagine that being 2x or 3x, that level to achieve what we want to achieve.  I remember Spencer used to throw out an estimate that there's something like $100 billion being spent globally per year to produce content. And I'm sure that number is higher now. But is that the context you think about and do you feel like you're still relatively early or fairly far along?
Spencer Wang : You know I'll take it, but go ahead.
Spence Neumann: We always know that we'll find ways to spend more on content. No, the short of it is that we think we're still early days. And when we talk, even in the letter, about the secular growth here is this transition from linear streaming entertainment, even in our most mature markets like the U.S., which we show in the letter, we're at between 6% of TV share in terms of screen time. And so in categories, we talked about gaming, we're literally just getting started. So who knows where that's going to take us? Animation, we talked about we're just a few years into a long cycle. The non-English language series and films around the world, we're now producing in roughly 45 countries around the world, be more than 50 next year.  But again, it's still early days, so we think we have a super long runway here to address those upwards of a billion pay TV households or broadband households every measure it around the world. We look at is, are we continuing to grow in a healthy way driving acquisition, retention, more viewing, delivering more joy to our members.  I don't think there's a precise number there and any other than that we have the ability we believe to grow across all those content categories for the foreseeable future. Some more than others, right? In terms of pace of growth. So some of those are just earlier and higher growth, but we're growing across all those content categories and we don't see a ceiling, at least for the foreseeable future.
Spencer Wang : And since I've throughout the number, Nidhi, I guess I will just add on that one minor comment which is, look, I think we feel very confident about the next couple of years, giving just the trajectory of the business. I think we're just going to feel our way along and monitor all those things that Spence talked about, right, which is engagement and our intention and things of that nature to judge the appropriate level of spend.
Nidhi Gupta :  thumbs up from Reed when I said 2x or 3x, so .
Reed Hastings: We really entertain the world. If we -- even ex-China, if we're able to pull that off, and be the place that the whole world goes to for most of their entertainment, then you're definitely thinking too small. Now it will take a couple of decades to get there, it's not overnight. But in the long term, we got to be able to monetize it. So we got to be able to have the revenue grow the margins, but it would be incredibly satisfying if we could build up to much bigger content budgets that we have usually deployed for our members love and all those categories.
Ted Sarandos: Nidhi, we have time for 2 last questions, please.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Greg, I'll switch it over to you for a second. It's a blessing and a curse that Netflix has grown so fast that I imagine the Company has not been able to dot its I's and cross its T's along the way.  So I'm curious as you look around the Company's operations, what are the biggest areas of optimization that you see? And maybe more specifically on the studio, what can taking a tech Company approach do the operations unlock overtime and what's kind of the magnitude of gain to be had?
Greg Peters: Well, as you know, it's still a work in progress, but I'd say we're constantly work in progress because we constantly aspire to be better and better. And one of the things I love about working here is that insatiable appetite for improvement.  In one of the areas, one of the biggest dimensions that we're seeing, which is I think really our proposed to sort of what we've been talking about in this call, is how we go from being really a U.S. Company that has international relations -- international operations to really a truly global Company. And we can see the opportunity there, whether it's seeing content like Squid Game or Lupin or Casa de Papel.  And we really want to just do that more and more and more. And so we're working through how do we as a Company, set ourselves up to operate even more effectively in that context and do even more of what users see with those titles.  So that's a big dimension of growth for us. And then on the studio side, we're really excited about how do we leverage some of the -- what we have as DNA in the Company around tech and things like that to try and figure out is there a way to better serve our creators and our creative partners, give them a bigger palette, a bigger envelope to work from.  And I think one of the exciting areas around this is again that platform, if you will, of creation that has a set of tools and capabilities. We can do that well, we can sort of give that to everybody, all of our creative partners around the world and give them a bigger place to stand from and tell their story. And that's pretty exciting.
Nidhi Gupta : Great. Well, last question for everyone. What is your favorite recent show or movie on Netflix, other than Squid Game?
Reed Hastings: I'm just going to go with the Maze. Just incredible character drama, so well put together. To the investor audience, I bet that it's even more pleasing than Squid Game.
Greg Peters: I'm going to go with Chestnut Man, latest Danish series. So atmospheric. And since I haven't been to Denmark in a long time, I felt like I was there by watching it.
Spence Neumann: I can go, well, gosh, and not Squid. I mean, I loved La Casa, I'm enjoying Maid, but I'm not all the way through. I'll stop there.
Ted Sarandos: Based on my thunder on Maid, but I would say that the final season of La Casa de Papel is not disappointing. I can't wait for the second batch to hit service. I could talk about it with everybody. It has really led that excitement of a big budget feature in every hour of that show. It's really incredible.
Spencer Wang : For me, I got 2 episodes left of Squid Game. But I would say the other one is a Sex Education Season 3 was my favorite recent one as well.
Reed Hastings: Ted, you want to take us home?
Ted Sarandos: I want to say, first of all, thanks for doing this day. We've had what I think is a tremendous quarter delivering on films and TV shows that people really love and love to talk about. And if we keep doing that well, that's what fuels our growth.  We're focused on delivering value every time one of our members tries to figure out what they want to watch next, every time they figured out how much they want to spend for -- to entertain themselves, we want to be in that equation.  And we do that I think, if we focus on that, the way we have for films, what we have for series, and that way we will for games, that we are going to be delivering hours and hours and hours of entertainment and hours and hours of joy for our members.  And we're midway through October, and in Q4 still to come, we have our biggest films that we've ever made, star studded, crowd-pleasing movies like Red Notice and The Harder They Fall and Don't Look Up, returning seasons of our most popular shows like The Witcher, La Casa de Papel, You, Emily in Paris, Cobra Kai, and that's just in Q4. So if we keep doing what we're doing and you keep coming back, we're going to keep you entertained. And just thanks for visiting with us.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-20 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2021 Earnings Interview. Im Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters, and CFO, Spencer Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Nidhi Gupta from Fidelity. As a reminder, well be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. Lets turn it over to Nidhi now for her first question.
Q - Nidhi Gupta: Thank you, Spencer. Great to be with you all again, this quarter. Lots of exciting stuff to talk about. So, lets dive in. Just starting with the quarter, nice to see net adds coming in a little bit better than your expectations. Help us understand what contributed to that.
Spence Neumann: Sure, Nidhi. I can take that and others can jump in. But as you saw, the quarter kind of played out pretty much as expected. So, we delivered 1.5 million paid net adds relative to a guide of 1 million. And what were seeing is what weve sort of been talking about for the last couple quarters and that theres still a bit of choppiness to our growth. We had the kind of big pull forward in 2020 of subscriber adds. We also had the push in production as some of our kind of key returning titles big tentpole, new releases until the latter part of the year. But overall, the business is performing well. Our churn is actually down relative to the more comparable two-year ago period in 2019, Q2 of 19, before COVID. Our viewing -- and weve talked about it in the letter, our engagement is up nearly 20% over that period. But we still feel a little bit of that drag in terms of our acquisition growth as were kind of working through. What we hope is -- and we cant be sure, but what we hope is the tail end of this COVID choppiness where we see on the acquisition side as markets reopen, it does slow things down a little bit.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. And itd just say that its a nice steady progression in terms of getting our COVID delayed slate back up to for our members, little by little. Were still very heavily back-weighted for this year. But theres a nice steady progress in the quality of the content and the excitement around the programming that came out in this past quarter, which we saw across the board in our films with Army of the Dead and Fatherhood and our series of both local language and English language for the world, like Lupin and Who Killed Sara? And even our animated projects, like Mitchells vs. The Machines was a nice hit this quarter. So, we think nice steady progress, but reminder that were still pretty back-weighted in that slate.
Nidhi Gupta: What are you seeing in the business over the last month or so as some of your markets have really started to open up? Whats kind of in your guidance for that, and also the Olympics, balanced with the fact that you have a lot more content coming in the second half?
Spence Neumann: Sure. Well, the Q3 guide is actually -- kind of reflects a lot of what weve seen in Q2, frankly. So, as I mentioned that the underlying business metrics are really healthy. The one thing we do see with COVID is we dont see the big spikes that we saw in terms of engagement or acquisition or trend that we saw in the very early days of the pandemic. But on the margin, acquisition is impacted. So, for example, in Q2, when things tightened up a little bit, say in Brazil or India, we did see some increase in acquisition. And similarly, as markets reopened, particularly in most of EMEA and the UCAN region that did have a bit of a headwind on acquisition. And thats reflected basically in our Q3 guide as well. So, similar business fundamentals, hopefully kind of starting to move a little bit further away from those market reopenings, which is why you see some incremental growth, so better seasonal period, as well as moving a bit away from those market reopenings. But not a big fundamental change, and then hopefully into even more reacceleration as we get to the end of the year as we really get into the kind of heart of our kind of strong release schedule as well as peak seasonality.
Nidhi Gupta: I think a big question on investors minds is just how do you feel about your ability to get back to pre-COVID levels of net adds, as we get into 2022?
Spence Neumann: Yes. And others should chime in. But you know whats -- I just want to kind of emphasize even with the Q3 guide and then into Q4, if we deliver on our Q3 guide, and we talked about it in the letter, that will be -- the growth pattern in our business is over a long term is -- over the long trends is remarkably consistent and steady. So, if we deliver on our guide, it means well have added 54 million new members over that two-year period or on average 27 million a year, which is right in line with our past few years of growth in 2018 and 2019. So, we remain on that growth trajectory. And again, once we get into Q4, what we would expect is as we get through hopefully that tail end of the COVID choppiness, we get into that strong strength of slate, we get to kind of a high seasonal period for us. Wed expect to end the year on a much more kind of normalized growth trajectory. But, we kind of have to get there.
Reed Hastings: And, Nidhi, you can decompose the long-term risk into two things. One is, does internet streaming slow down? And that seems pretty unlikely. Internet streaming has been amazingly consistent, prolific. As you get new competition in, you get validation, more reasons to get a smart TV or limited broadband. So, I think, for at least the next several years, the growth story of streaming as a whole is very intact. And then, youve got the secular competition story, does HBO or Disney or other entry have a differential impact compared to the past? And were not seeing that in the detail that we have per country, because theyre launched in some countries and not in others. That gives us comfort. Were not seeing that in the total viewing, like the Nielsen measures. And so, we think mostly, all of streaming is a growth story, competing from linear TV. And that that will be true till say streaming is 50%, 60%, 70% of viewing. And then theres going to be shakeout and we want to be prepared and leading that. But again, the next couple of years, streaming is still in the early stages.
Nidhi Gupta: Thank you. Thats super helpful, Reed. That actually answered my next question. So, maybe just shifting gears to your longer term outlook. Theres been some focus in the market recently on additional sources of revenue that you might have in the future. But before we get to that, help us understand what makes Netflixs core business a great investment for shareholders over the next five plus years? Whats kind of the growth, free cash flow capital return algorithm that gets you excited that you think we should be focused on?
Reed Hastings: Go ahead, Spence.
Spence Neumann: Well, I was going to throw it to one of you first, if you like. So, its okay.
Reed Hastings: The big picture that all investors get is being a secular internet play. And as much as Amazon was strong in 2005 and 2008, all of us collectively underestimated the impact of what the internet could do. And this is the internet applied to entertainment. And consumer entertainment around the world is enormous market. It has great potential for us and potentially our competitors. And so, that big thesis is again what gets people excited. And, when were growing revenue by 19%, its not that hard to grow 300 basis points margin. As the revenue growth slows, itll get a little bit tougher, but well continue to lean into that. And so, I would say, its fundamentally story of this big secular revenue growth, management team committed to growing profits and cash flows and then returning those cash flows through buybacks, which Spence got a big start on this quarter. So, over to you Spence. 
Spence Neumann: Yes. No, I just -- you hit on all the key points. I would just add that its still early days in pretty much every market around the world. And if you go overall, were roughly 20% penetrated in broadband homes. And we talked in the last call that theres 800 million to 900 million, either broadband or PayTV households around the world outside of China. And as we continue to improve our service and the accessibility of our service, we dont see why we cant be in all or most of those homes over time, if were doing our job. And then, if you look at the range from an APAC region where were only roughly 10% penetrated, so clearly, early days, to our, arguably more, I guess, more tenured markets, at least like in UCAN where even there with some of the metrics we put in the earnings letter, streaming and Reed alluded to this is, its only about 26% according to Nielsen of viewing consumption. So, the 60% plus is still linear consumption. And then, within streaming, were only 7 -- were only at 7% share of total TV. So, were only 7% of that 26%. So, theres big tailwinds there in terms of that overall trend from linear to streaming entertainment. And then, that plays out in the financials. So again, our profit margins over the last five years have grown 5x, our absolute profit dollars have grown 20x, as the business has scaled from that $100 million to $2 billion of operating income per quarter, over the past five years. And so that will continue to scale we think in a healthy way, because the nature of our business scales well. Its creating content from anywhere to everywhere, in this very large addressable market with these big profit pools. So, we have a long runway of growth, profitability and return the value to shareholders.
Ted Sarandos: And I think if you think about how slow the business fundamentally changes and how quickly streaming has changed the entire marketplace in terms of the way consumers watch, you go back to about only 8 to 10 years ago and no one was looking to the internet or to streaming for the highest quality content. And today, the most watched, the most talked about, the most award-winning television is all coming out on streaming services. And to Spencers point, youve got this enormous addressable audience, were only a fraction of them and were only getting a small percentage of their total viewing. So, its a still an enormous prize. And were still in the best position to run after it. As weve kind of expanded what Netflix is to members, which is not just a show you might like but its the shows you like, its the films you love.
Nidhi Gupta: I mean, you make a good point, youve created consumer product with global appeal. And as you said, if you do your job, theres no reason you shouldnt be in every internet household over time. At the same time, not all subs are created equal. And I think theres a lot of debate in the market as to how long can you continue to grow revenue double digit without some of these lower ARPU markets, really starting to kick in, and in terms of kind of meaningful revenue contribution. And even this quarter, two thirds of your net adds came from the Asia PAC region. So, can you can you shed a little bit of light on that debate?
Spence Neumann: Greg, do you want to take it a little bit too, in terms of just some of the growth in that -- those regions and our pricing?
Greg Peters: Yes. And I would say, were working hard to think about how do we find this wide range of price points that speaks to a feature set and consumer needs in more affluent markets. And were really trying to find ways to add more value there, while we are also thinking about the sort of populations that youre talking about and making sure that were increasing the accessibility of the service and really the ability to participate in and derive joy from the stories that were telling to, more and more parts of the worlds population that dont have as much means to pay. And of course, the trick there is to find the right feature set offerings that allow us to sort of broaden that range without cannibalizing the other layers. And we really take this sort of iterative approach, where we try different solutions to that sort of puzzle, and then measure them based on this, whats the net revenue that were seeing. And so, very much what were trying to do is, as we bring in lower price plan offerings that sort of decrease average revenue per member, were also thinking about that from the calculus of expanding the funnel in a way that delivers total net positive revenue. And were definitely seeing that in the mobile plan launches that we did in 78 countries this quarter, are an example of us trying to make incremental progress against that puzzle and broaden that reach.
Nidhi Gupta: Thats very helpful. How is competition, particularly as the competition consolidates, affecting just your thinking on longer term pricing power around the world?
Greg Peters: I think, ultimately, we are competing already with tons of forms of places that consumers can spend their hard-earned money on entertainment. And mostly, what were looking at is, in this specific calculus of how do we deliver more value, how do we provide a wider range of incredible stories, a high-quality and a diversity of content that appeals to those consumers and appeals to more and more consumers around the world. And if we do a good job there, then ultimately, then we have the ability to go back and occasionally ask some of those members to pay a little bit more to keep that virtuous cycle going. And so, I would say on the demand side, maybe Ill let Ted speak to the supply side, if you will, in a second, but on the demand side, really, its just that sort of very narrow focus on, are we doing a good job at adding value and continuing to deliver more to our members?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. And I think in general, the dynamics of consolidation is, you see it across all of these companies basically have consolidated themselves into bundles in cable for years. And I do think all the access to -- these are all the same players weve been competing with from the beginning, just through different channels. So I think in general, that doesnt change in terms of what the offering is. And in terms of access to that offering, Netflix, because of the size of our distribution platform and our ability to connect creators with a big audience has always has been a big help in terms of loading content to our platform.
Reed Hastings: And Nidhi, certainly, Disney buying Fox helps Disney become more of a general entertainment service rather than just a kids and family. Time Warner, Discovery, if that goes through that helps some, but its not as significant, I would say as Disney-Fox. And then, for the remaining three, how they combine or dont combine or cooperate, its unclear. But again, day-to-day, we just focus on that content choosing and conversation, how do we improve the service for our members? And like Greg said, there is so much competition from Instagram and TikTok and sports and the Olympics and everything else that back to the Nielsen data for the U.S., theres plenty of room to grow without taking it away from the other streamers.
Ted Sarandos: I would look at all of these, when do those consolidations, when are they one and one equals three, or one and one equals four versus which most of them tend to be, which is one and one equals two.
Nidhi Gupta: Yes. No, that makes a lot of sense. Switching gears to you, Spence, the last couple of quarters have shown us just how much profit potential is in this business. Going back to traditional TV networks, the most profitable networks in 40% plus EBIT margins at peak and they didnt have the scale and direct-to-consumer business model that you have. So, what are kind of the puts and takes, as you look at your long-term margin potential against that 40% plus history that weve seen?
Spence Neumann: Well, Nidhi, Im definitely not going to provide long-term guidance relative to the 40%. So, while I appreciate it, but its nice to know that those comparables are out there, those benchmarks are out there to have that ambition. But, as we talked about before, what we love is that our business has a very scalable model. And so, whats most important for us is to grow healthy. And by that I mean being able to aggressively, strategically invest in the growth of our business, while increasing our profit. And thats what I talked about before. We have been doing pretty well so far and will continue to feel our way along. So, to-date, we have been growing at 3 percentage points per year for over any few year period. And as Reed said, thats something thats been reasonably, I wouldnt say easy, but accomplishable, for sure, when were growing in that 20% or so revenue growth per year. Now, obviously, that cant last forever, in terms of 3 percentage points a year. But, we think we have a long runway of growth. We have some things that work to our advantage in terms of the global nature of our platform, the ability to create stories anywhere, and its -- they travel well, not just in their market, but across countries and markets around the world. So, thats a nice model for us. We have a revenue model and subscription that also scales well in kind of established, larger and smaller and emerging markets. And thats great as well. And thats going to depend a bit on as the business evolves, competitive dynamics, relative cost of content, of course, those things on the margin impact margin, but a lot of healthy growth ahead of us.
Nidhi Gupta: And Reed, the 300 basis points of margin per year has instilled a good amount of discipline on the business, probably reined in Teds content budget a little bit on the margin. But why is that sort of the right cadence going forward? And I know, whats an average, but if we look back in five years, and the average was lower than that that would have been because of new businesses you found to invest in or competitive forces or something else?
Reed Hastings: I dont think there was a ton of magic in the 300 basis points. If we had decided on 200 or 400, wed be marginally different today. But I think in the long-term, we get to the same place. So, its a guess that sets up our framework for how we think about that allocation into faster growth that Ted and Greg have been driving and providing a profit stream for our investors. So, were comfortable on that balance. And the big price is keeping revenue growth to 20%. So, most of our time is like, okay, how do we get the revenue growth go and how do we have the content, its you just cant ignore, everybodys talking about, and thats what fuels those big surges. And the more we do, the more were learning. So, were making a ton of progress show by show, film by film of how to really push the consumer satisfaction. So, thats very promising. Thats what that youll see showing up next year and beyond.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Reed, maybe just saying on you for a minute. On the last earnings call, you talked about video streaming being sort of the main profit pool and over time potentially smaller supporting profit pools. Over the last few months, you made some key hires in gaming and podcasting, youve launched an online store. I believe youve expanded your deal with Shonda Rhimes to include live entertainment. Can you just talk us through which of these sort of adjacent business areas actually has the potential to be a meaningful profit pool in the future?
Reed Hastings: Well, I would say, none of them that is -- that theyre not designed to be. Because -- but Ill draw two a distinction. Theres things that our consumers love in our service, so Shonda Rhimes future work, were very confident of; video gaming, were pushing on that, and that will be part of our service; so unscripted, all those things. So, think of that as making a core service pattern. So, lots of investment, but not a separate profit tool. Its enhancing the big service that we have. And then, theres a number of supporting elements, consumer products, various shopping where were really trying to grow those to support the title brands to get our conversations up around each of the titles, so that the Netflix service becomes must have. So, theyre not a profit pool of any material size on their own, but they are helping the reason were doing them is to help the subscription service grow and be more important in peoples lives. So, I would say, really, were a one product company with a bunch of supporting elements that help that product give incredible satisfaction for consumers and a monetizing engine for investors.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Thats helpful. Just to follow-up on gaming. Greg, Ill take it to you, very exciting to see a key hire in gaming last week. There was more detail in the shareholder letter as well. But just bigger picture, how will you achieve the things that matter most to gamers, whether its great content, ease-of-play, a network of gamers to play with? What are sort of the unique assets that Netflix brings to the table, and why will people be excited to play games on Netflix?
Greg Peters: Yes. Well, sort of picking it up where Reed left off. We really see this as an extension of the core entertainment offering that weve been focused on for the last 20 years, right? So, just as weve continuously expanded the nature of our offering by adding new genres, unscripted, film, local language programming, animation on and on, we think we have an opportunity to add games to that offering and deliver more entertainment value to our members through that. And similar to what youve seen in that trajectory when weve added a new genre, thats what we expect will happen with games. So, this is going to be -- its a multiyear effort. Were going to start relatively small, well learn, well grow where we focus our investment based on what we see is working and well just continuously improve based on what our members are telling us is working. But Im really excited about a bunch of different ways that I think that we can provide an offering here that is differentiated from whats out there already. And the first of those is really about the IP that we create. We are in the business of making these amazing worlds and great storylines and incredible characters. And we know the fans of those stories want to go deeper, they want to engage further, they actually want to direct a little bit where their energy goes. And whats great about interactive is, first of all, you can provide, universes that just provide really significant amount of time that people can engage in and explore. They can also provide a little bit of intentionality, where do they want to explore, what characters, what parts of the world, what parts of the timeline? So, theres a lot of exciting things that I think we can do in that space. We also feel that our subscription model yields some opportunities to focus on a set of game experiences that are currently underserved by that sort of dominant monetization models in games. We dont have to think about ads, we dont have to think about in-game purchases or other monetization, we dont think about per title purchases. Really, we can do what weve been doing on the movie and series side, which is just stay laser focused on delivering the most entertaining game experiences that we can. So, were finding that many game developers really like that concept and that focus and this idea of being able to put all of their creative energy into just great gameplay and not having to worry about, theres other considerations that they have typically had to trade off with just making compelling games. So, those are some of the core things that were excited about and think that can make this effort for us special, even in the world of games.
Nidhi Gupta: Thank you. Thats super helpful. Ive always known this management team to take an incrementalist approach on these things, while also having a well-informed thesis on the long-term and how things will play out. So, if you can articulate it, what is sort of your long-term thesis on gaming? And is starting with mobile and sort of a content vertical strategy, is that sort of a starting point, or is that an ending point? And do you see yourself as a platform over time? Do you see gamers coming to the TV to play, what is sort of the long-term thesis of what this could evolve into?
Greg Peters: Yes. Ill just -- Ill take it from the platform angle first and sort of make maybe widen that view. But we think mobile is a great platform for games. Clearly, its very mature; its got great enabling technology, tools, a great developer community. And the vast majority of our members have phones that are capable of great gameplay experiences, which sort of checks all of those boxes. And so, itll be a primary focus for us to deliver those experiences. But ultimately, we see all of the devices that we currently serve as candidates for some kind of game experience. Weve actually been delivering lighter weight, interactive experiences on TVs and TV connected devices for some time. And you can call those games or you can call them interactive experiences, but obviously, they all exist on a spectrum. And were going to keep innovating in that space. And we feel like theres a rich opportunity to continue to deliver and advance the technical capability to improve the quality of game experiences we can deliver across the range of devices. And then, we want -- well be very sort of experimental and try a lot of things in this phase. A lot of we have to do right now is just focus on learning. And you mentioned that sort of incrementalist approach. A lot of this is really trying to maximize learning velocity is what we would say. So, were going to try a bunch of different games through a variety of different mechanisms to see whats really working for our members. Part of that will be games that extend our IP. We think thats a really rich, rich space. So, thats very much part of our long-term thesis. But also, well do things where we try standalone games. We feel like, ultimately, this -- the success of this initiative is about great games, fundamentally, and those can come from a variety of different sources. Maybe someday, well see a game that spawns a film or series that would be an amazing place to get to, and really see the rich interplay between these sort of different forms of entertainment. Well also do licensing because we -- just so weve done in that sort of other genre expansion, its a great way to increase the volume of the offering that we have, at the start, to learn more quickly. And then, as our internal production sort of scales, we can focus the energy on what were learning in that regard. So broadly, we think, as you said, there is a big, big price here. And our job is really to sort of be very focused and deliberate about what were going after that maximizes the learning value, iterate that continuous improvement approach, and we feel that thats yielded really big results for us as we followed that sort of technique and all the kind of genre expansions weve done around the service.
Nidhi Gupta: And is the financial success of this over time, should we think about that as higher ARPU for the Netflix service, or is there a standalone sort of financial success here you think, over a very long period of time, if youre successful?
Greg Peters: Im not going to guess it to, very, very long term. But, were really thinking about this as a core part of our subscription offering. And so, wed measure it very much like we do around the success of adding incremental movies or adding incremental series, which is that, ultimately, those are about like being compelling to members, having them engaged and talk about it, having that be part of the social conversation thats out there. We see those benefits in retention, obviously for delivering more value there than members stay with us longer. We see those values in acquisition as well, because when there is -- if there is a great game that lots of people are talking about to their friends, their colleagues, their family, then thats a source of acquisition for us as well.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Thank you. Thats super helpful. Maybe switching gears to another content vertical, sports, which comes up a lot. Ted, you havent historically been keen on buying sports rights, and that may have been the right call, given the cost escalation we have seen there. But, you have had a lot of success with sports related, like the Michael Jordan Documentary, the F1 series. Do you see Netflix becoming sort of a key destination for sports related content over time? And Im even thinking news and analysis, or is there sort of a limit to what you can do without the underlying rights?
Ted Sarandos: Look, I think, weve -- you pointed it out, but our success with the sports adjacent properties, like the F1 Drive: Survive, Deaf U, and certainly the Michael Jordan Doc, those are all examples, I think of the platform and what it can do to build enthusiasm on what is already viewed to be an enormous business. Drive to Survive expanded the audience for Formula 1 racing pretty dramatically, and both in live ticket sales and TV ratings and merchandise sales, all of those things. And I think that that could be applied as long as the storytelling is great. So, whats good about this for us is that we could apply those same kind of creative excellence to the storytelling behind those sports, the personalities behind those sports, the drama that happens off camera. And fans not only -- deep fans are compelled to see more, but also can bring new folks into the sport. So, we think its pretty exciting. We think its -- well continue to explore it. We have this incredible documentary on Naomi Osaka thats just came out this week. Thats another example of this that can really broaden the fandom for the tennis world, particularly going into this exciting period of the Olympics.
Nidhi Gupta: Outside of the big American sports football and basketball, we already have seen a lot of the cost escalation. Are there more niche sports or sports in international markets where you feel like there might actually be a good ROI on owning the live air rights?
Ted Sarandos: I dont know that those sports suffer from being under-distributed. So I dont know that we would bring that much to them. And just to be clear, Ive reiterated this a lot, but Im not saying to never say never on sports. Its just what is the best use of about $10 billion? And I think thats what its going to cost to invest meaningfully in big league sports. And that pricing has only gone up since I started saying that. So, I believe that thats likely to hold. But again, I dont think its because those other sports are niche, because theyre under distributed and that we could bring a lot to them. Our fundamental product is on-demand and advertising-free. And sports tends to be live and packed with advertising. So, theres not a lot of natural synergies in that way, except for it happens on television. So, when it becomes the best use of that next tranche of investment, we definitely would be open to it.
Q - Nidhi Gupta: Do you see any merit in what Amazon is doing, in sports?
Ted Sarandos: I dont know particularly what theyre -- I mean, I know -- as a watcher, I know what theyre doing. But I dont -- Im not sure exactly what theyre looking for the same thing from their contents spend that we are.
Nidhi Gupta: Reed, switching gears to you. You wrote in your book about farming for dissent inside the organization on strategic decisions, which I thought was a really interesting chapter of the book. What would you say are some of the biggest debates inside Netflix today as it relates to strategy?
Reed Hastings: Im a little careful on that relative to competition, because most of them about how do we out the Fox-Disney, so to speak, and deliver amazing entertainment. So, that would be it. But if we do it, in hindsight, we talked about video games for several years, writing up the pros and cons of the timing of entry. That has properties, like film, that you can own the ID, you can have these long franchises. And very positive for us and kind of industry structure wise if we can master the skill set. And so really, it came down to us thinking that the incremental money to fund games made sense relative to our other content investments. So, that would be the kind of process that we go through.
Ted Sarandos: I think the healthy way to look at it, Reed, might be, in hindsight, almost everything that weve done, which has turned out well, also came with a very hearty debate period with people with very good opposing positions on why we should or shouldnt do it. And Id say thats been true of every expansion weve taken on.
Spencer Wang: Maybe we have time for two last questions, please.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Spence, Ill turn it to capital allocation. Its very exciting that were on the cusp of achieving positive free cash flow. So, a couple of questions on that. First, whats the rationale for keeping debt -- gross debt at sort of $10 billion to $15 billion range while free cash flow grows over the next few years?
Spence Neumann: Yes. Theyre similar to our -- I guess, our profit margin growth. Theres not like a pure science to it, but what we viewed it is, as we want to maintain some level of leverage in the marketplace because we want the familiarity with the capital markets, should we need access to capital over time. So thats why we talk about that $10 billion to $15 billion of leverage. But again, theres not a perfect science. So, whats most important to us in terms of our capital allocation strategy, again, is to invest strategically in the business. So, that is our first priority. Thats what hopefully youre hearing in terms of our investment into film, into television, extension into video games and hopefully other content categories over time in that kind of mission or objective to entertain the world. But, as we have excess cash, we will return it to shareholders occasionally. Thats why we started the share repurchase program. We repurchased 0.5 billion of shares in this last quarter in Q2. Its not that theres a fixed amount that were going to repurchase every quarter. Thats really after weve satisfied all of those other strategic objectives. And then, well kind of take it from there, but we have a 5 billion share repurchase authorization. We will maintain some debt in the capital markets, but weve significantly delevered. I think our leverage is down to about 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA, which was a bit above 5x, not too long ago. And we think its important to have the flexibility in our balance sheet to invest into growth while being kind of prudent and responsible with our capital allocation. I dont know, Spencer, maybe you would add to it, but we talk a lot about this topic.
Spencer Wang: No. I think you nailed it, Spence.
Nidhi Gupta: And just related to that, I mean your appetite for M&A has historically been pretty low. Im wondering if that changes at all as you explore gaming or perhaps other areas. In your core business, you havent seemed as interested in some of the traditional assets that have been in the market, like MGM, for example. What are the characteristics that make a good acquisition for you?
Spence Neumann: Well, Spencer runs that group for us. Ill let Spencer answer. And I can chime in.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Spence. And, Nidhi, its a good question. So, I guess, a couple of things without speaking towards any specific opportunities. I would say, as a company, we look at many different ways to help accelerate the growth in our business, including M&A. So, you should assume we look at many, many different things. And weve said in the past that were open to content assets that can help accelerate our growth, things like intellectual property that we can develop into the original series and movies. In addition, film and TV libraries could be interesting as well. Well see on the gaming side. That being said, we are mindful of a couple of things. First of all, our encumbrances, for example, which if some of these content assets are heavily encumbered and limit our ability to use them on Netflix, then they are of limited value to us since our top priority is to grow the core Netflix business. Secondly, our opportunity costs and trade-offs. So, as we evaluate M&A, we always think about if we bought company X or asset X for Y dollars, whats the alternative use of Y dollars and which is best for the company. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a framework for how we think about M&A.
Spence Neumann: Yes. The key is it has to accelerate our strategy with low distraction cost. And so, were pretty picky.
Ted Sarandos: Its going to be something thats in the -- right in the middle of the strategic core of what were doing.
Nidhi Gupta: I mean, I guess with that backdrop, I mean, is there any reason to think the majority of free cash flow, would it be used for buybacks in the future?
Spence Neumann: Well, were getting ahead of ourselves a little bit, but its certainly something weve contemplated thats why we have the $5 billion authorization. But that will be -- I kind of look at that as a high-class problem. Weve guided to cash flow roughly breakeven for this year. So, lets get through this year and kind of look at how were tracking next year. Im excited for getting hopefully past this nearly what will then be almost a two-year global pandemic and a really kind of full content slate and hopefully, a more normalized world, and then we can worry about what to do with our excess cash.
Nidhi Gupta: Its a good problem to have.
Ted Sarandos: Here you go. Well, thanks, Nidhi. Thank you so much for doing this again with us. I just want to say were really happy with the quarter. Were happy with the programming. Were happy in this very complicated time both in the world and in the business to be growing subscribers and revenue. This is a big story mostly about how the world is in love with streaming. And when it comes to watching your favorite show, your favorite film, its more likely to be happening on streaming than ever before. And its still just scratching the surface as to the potential for the business. And while everybody else is trying to figure out how to unwind businesses and restructure businesses and put together enormous populations of employees, were focused on three things. I know were spending about 1,000 plates, but were really focused on our three things, which is our content, our choosing and driving conversation around the world. And with that, were really confident in our team to continue to drive that and drive us to continued success. So, thank you.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q1 2021 Earnings Interview. I am Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Nidhi Gupta from Fidelity. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to Nidhi for her first question.
Q - Nidhi Gupta: Thanks, Spencer. Thank you all for having me. Great to be with you and thank you all for all the great work over the years. Its been great for us to be on this journey with you as shareholders. So with that, lets just jump right in. Obviously, you were comping a really big Q1 last year with [16 million] [ph] net adds. The net adds this quarter came in below your expectations and below the Streets expectations. Any additional color you can provide on what caused this?
Spence Neumann: Hey, Nidhi, its Spence. I guess I will take this one first. Hopefully, you can see it. So, it looks like its a little frozen, maybe its just frozen on our end. But look, so in terms of Q1 performance, it really boils down to COVID frankly. As you know, the extraordinary events of COVID have had a big impact on the world, continue to have a big impact on the world. And for us, at a minimum, creates just some short-term kind of choppiness in some of the business trends that we see in our business. So in particular, we had this huge pull forward in 2020 in terms of our subscriber additions, nearly 40 million paid net adds in 2020. And we also had a near global shutdown in production, which we have been ramping safely and at scale through much of last year and into this year, but it did push some key title launches into the back  kind of the back end of this year. So, the combination of those two things does create some noise. Its super hard to obviously kind of forecast quarterly subscribers in a typical quarter for us and particularly hard in this environment. In fact, on Page 2 of our earnings letter, we show our actuals relative to forecast, which in our guide is our internal forecast for subscribers. And because its our forecast, we are going to miss every quarter. Its just a matter of whether they are bigger or smaller misses. And you can see, over the past 5 years, our biggest kind of misses to forecast either up or down, the  most of those big misses and the biggest ever in the past five quarters relative to the past 5 years and that was these five quarters of COVID. So its just a difficult time to forecast the business. But the key is the business remains healthy. Our engagement, our viewing per household was up year-over-year in Q1. Our churn was down year-over-year and the business is still growing. So, even at 4 million paid net adds if you kind of take COVID out and look over the past 2 years, we have grown from 2 years ago at about 150 million members to almost 210 million now. So thats nearly 40% growth and about just under 20% over an average over each of those 2 years, which is in line with the past couple of years. So, the business remains healthy and thats because the long-term drivers this big transition from linear to streaming entertainment and that remains as healthy as ever. But you do see little kind of noise in the near-term, but a lot of long-term priority.
Nidhi Gupta: Thank you. Thats helpful.
Reed Hastings: Nidhi, we had those 10 years where we are growing smooth as silk and then just a little wobbly right now. And of course, we are wondering  well, wait a second, are we sure its not competition, because obviously, there is a lot of new competition. And we really look through all the data, looking at different regions where new competitors are launched or not launched. And we just cant see any difference in our relative growth in those regions, which is what gives us confidence that its intensely competitive, but it always has been. I mean, we have been competing with Amazon Prime for 13 years, with Hulu for 14 years. Its always been very competitive with Linear TV, too. So there is no real change that we can detect in the competitive environment. Its always been high and remains high.
Nidhi Gupta: Well, its encouraging to hear that your churn was actually down year-over-year and you did announce some price increases in Q4 and Q1 in a few markets. So, maybe just talk about how well the subscriber base is [indiscernible] these price increases in the current environment?
Spence Neumann: Sure. Greg, do you want to go first?
Greg Peters: Yes. So we are seeing results that are very similar to what we have seen over the last 2 years, which is that if we wisely invest in great stories and we increase the variety and the diversity and the quality of our program, which Teds team is assiduously trying to do in every country around the world. We also invest in better product experiences that make it more delightful and easy to connect with those stories. We are just delivering more value to our members. If we do that well, then we can occasionally go back and ask them to pay a little bit more to keep that positive cycle going. And so having said that, I just want to reiterate we think we are still an amazing entertainment value. We want to remain an incredible value compared to our competitors and the competitive offerings that are out there broadly. So even as we continue to improve the service, we got that in mind and we want to make sure that we are accessible to more and more people on the planet through that process.
Spence Neumann: Great. And Nidhi, the only thing I would just add to what Greg just said I agree with all that is just very specifically in terms of what we see in the numbers on the churn side. Our churn is actually below pre-price change levels already in the U.S. and in most of the markets and where we have adjusted prices and just some of the newer ones havent come all the way back down, but they are rapidly getting there.
Nidhi Gupta: Thats great. Can you talk a little bit about what you are expecting in terms of subscriber growth as the world reopened, if there is anything you are seeing in your more open versus less open markets that would sort of give you a window into this, but how are you thinking about that and what sort of basis you [indiscernible] that?
Reed Hastings: Well, tragically, Nidhi, many countries have opened and closed over the year and we have got many countries right now that are in real crisis, fortunately, the U.S. not one of them right now. So we have got a lot of evidence on that point. And there was the initial surge of COVID, which was quite large in subscriber growth and viewing. But since then, every opening and closing, including the U.S. over Christmas, really didnt generate any noticeable material effect. So, I dont think there is any material effect we are going to notice about future openings and closings again, because we have been through in many countries, pretty intense surges, unfortunately.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. And the only thing I would add I guess to Reeds point to specific to your question on the Q2 guide, Nidhi, is related to that, its very similar to what we saw in Q1 is whats reflected in Q2 in terms of still working through that pull forward, still working through some of the pushed slate of some of those big titles into the latter half of the year. And also, its a bit of a seasonally soft period for us. So, those are all playing into it. But the good news is that the core underlying metrics are very healthy and there is this clear catalyst to a reacceleration of growth and towards that back end of the year as those big titles start to launch and strength of slates and we come out of that pull forward, so feeling good about the long-term trends.
Nidhi Gupta: Do you feel like Q1 and Q2 sort of encapsulate the pull forward that you are expecting? I know its really hard to forecast when you add 26 million subscribers over the course of two quarters last year. But just how are you thinking about how the second half might shape up with the additional content as well as maybe some of the pull forward behind us?
Ted Sarandos: You guys want me to take it? 
Reed Hastings: I just say one of the things to keep in mind is that we normally  what we have to do kind of day in and day out, week in and week out, year in and year out is deliver programming that our members love and value. And the shape of that gets determined sometimes 2, 3 years in advance. So, you go into these production cycles, you are going to planning cycles. And you have got a pretty smooth release of high-profile projects and smaller kind of passion projects and all those things. And what happened, I guess in the first part of this year is a lot of the projects we had hoped to come out earlier did get pushed because of the post-production delays and the COVID delays in production. And we think we will get back to much steadier state in the back half of the year and certainly in Q4, where we have got the returning seasons of some of our most popular shows like the Witcher & You and Corporate High as well as some big tentpole movies that came to market a little slower than we had hoped, like Red Notice with The Rock and Ryan Reynolds and Gal Gadot and Escape from Spiderhead with Chris Hemsworth, a big event content. Now all that being said, in every quarter of the year, we released more content than we did in the previous quarter  in the previous years quarter-by-quarter and in every region is just I think the shape of the mix of the content is become a little more uncertain. And then the long-term impacts of the COVID shutdown are also becoming a little more uncertain in that timeframe in the first half of this year.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Well, I would love to shift to the big picture, now that I have beaten you up about the quarter enough. So you are at over 200 million subscribers around the world. You are 5 years into your original content strategy. You seem to be coexisting really well with possibly the largest direct competitor you might ever see. And you are self-funding, thank you for that. We did notice. Maybe just talk about with that backdrop, key priorities to view in 2021 and really just the next 2 to 3 years as you see them, maybe we can start with you, Reed.
Reed Hastings: Probably your reference was to Disney, but our largest competitor for TV viewing time is Linear TV. Our second largest is YouTube, which is considerably larger than Netflix in viewing time. And Disney is considerably smaller, but we are sort of in the middle of the pack. But in terms of what we focus on, its the same things that we have always focused on, which is our member satisfaction, drives retention, word of mouth that drives our growth. So, its where can we find the story that you talk about even more that you connect with, where can we improve our choosing, where the best things are recommended for you and then ultimately, the content of can we have stories that are just incredibly compelling. And we are just quarter-by-quarter, learning more lessons on each one of those which is what improves the member satisfaction, which is what really drives the growth.
Ted Sarandos: And I would say one of the things to keep in mind is, over the years, media companies have been really great at exporting Hollywood content around the world. And I think I am proud of how we have done that as well. So, it was like Bridgerton with over 100 million starters and movies reaching these enormous audiences all over the world. But the one thing that we really have done, really have sharpened our skills on the last couple of years has been creating content from anywhere in the world and playing it all over the world. And the great thing about that is, as those look those stories that are coming from all over the world, like we saw with [Lupin] [ph] this year, this quarter was our biggest new series on Netflix in the world was [Lupin] [ph] from France. And the show was not like a Waterdown French show. It was a very French show. And whats really been great about it is as you tell stories from around the world. Those to the more authentically local they are, the more likely they are to play around the world because people recognize the authenticity of the storytelling. And thats something that we have been really focused on as well as continuing to offer a very big variety of content from Hollywood to the world as well. But we have got new seasons of really popular shows from around the world like Elite in Spain, La Casa de Papel coming up, the Naked Director from Japan, which has been an enormous hit for us, Gift from Turkey. So our ability to do this around the world at scale and be able to bring those stories to a big global audience is something that we are really incredibly proud of, and we will keep working on over the next couple of years.
Greg Peters: I will pick it up from there. I am also super excited about that aspect of our business to find stories from around the world and connect them with audiences around the world. And a companion piece of that is making sure that we increasingly are understanding what our members needs and sort of the members we havent signed up, consumers needs generally in more and more countries. And they all have sort of unique constraints that they are working through. They have unique expectations from the service. And our job is to learn more and more and more about what those are and make sure that we are being able to offer the service in a way that feels natural that feels delightful to them. Whether thats having the right payment method, so that they  consumers dont have to think about what hoops they have to jump through to actually sign up and pay for the service, to how we present the content to them regardless of what country it comes from or what language its in, but present it in a way that allows them just to get into the story of it and realize the plenty and the amazing diversity of storytelling that exists across the planet.
Spence Neumann: Yes. I think everyone has pretty much hit it, Nidhi, I will try to add. I mean I get super excited about just this giant transition to streaming entertainment and streaming is, entertainment is, its the now and the future. And we talked a little bit in the letter about our business and how its transitioned over the last 10-plus years from DVD, by mail to streaming from U.S. only to global and from licensed content to original production, but whats helped is just our velocity of decision-making and our focus has served us well, and there is just we are sitting here where we are still less than 10% TV view share even in our biggest markets. So, there is just a big long runway of growth if we stay focused and keep getting better. And so I just  I love the opportunity to keep kind of continually getting better, improving our creative excellence, our operational excellence and just maintaining that speed and velocity even as we get larger as a company.
Spencer Wang: And on the IR side, Nidhi, I would say my main job is to continue to make sure you are happy as well as our other shareholders. But I think what that means is just making sure that you all understand what we are doing and why we are doing it from a strategic standpoint. In my broader finance role, supporting expense on the finance side, just to make sure that we are allocating capital as wisely as possible and then continue support, Ted and Greg and the other business units from a finance support standpoint.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. So Ted, I would love to dig a little bit deeper with you. [Indiscernible] has been a recent success for Netflix, 36 Oscar nominations, congratulations. Thats an incredible feat. So, my question is, over the long-term, do you think that it can be the primary or dominant way that people consume films and if so, what does it take to achieve?
Ted Sarandos: I dont know about dominant, but I would say its going to be a continually material way people view films. This is where the audience is kind of going. And what we find is that we are not really kind of changing the way we make films for the way people watch films. So they are watching the kind of films, they would have gone out to the theater to see, but in many cases, in the convenience of their timetable and the comfort of their home, where they can really enjoy a great new film. And it could be a film of enormous scope certainly competitive to the kind of things you see in the theater. You mentioned the Oscar success, and thats certainly one flavor of filmmaking that we are super proud of. Most of we had 17 different films within Oscar nomination this year, which is super incredibly exciting. But also the fact that we can do these very large-scale action movies that audiences love around the world at the same level that are being produced for the theater. So, I do think that, thats going to continue to be more and more meaningful to viewers thats how as to what percentage of the films that they see in or out of the home.
Nidhi Gupta: So over the years, you have been really successful at getting a high share of kind of most watched TV shows, whether I look at IMDb, top shows or remote search shows on Google. Do you have to do anything fundamentally different in film to achieve that same level of high share sounds?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Its not dissimilar and that people just have very diverse taste. So, you really kind of want to try to own in. We have always kind of set out to do with your favorite film, your favorite show, whoever you are, wherever you are and whatever mood you are in. So, thats why we kind of go out of from so many different angles. Its a very unusual thing where you have man sitting next to the Tiger King on the shelf for most media companies, but we have very specialized teams that focus on being best-in-class of each of those things that they do. And thats how I think why we have had those results you are talking about.
Reed Hastings: And Nidhi, I think we would say too, we would want to need to spend more. So we spend a lot more right now in series than film, but that will grow as the total budget grows. And then its also the experience curve we have been doing series longer. And when more dialed in about what goes really big and what hits, and we are getting their own film. And also on animation, also on kids, each of these have their own experience curve that we are progressing at.
Nidhi Gupta: Can you share any more details about the Sony deal, what  I guess more specifically, what is the rationale for the deal and what does it get you that your original doesnt achieve for you?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Well, whats really exciting about the deal is that we are going to be producing global original films from Sonys IP library in their development slate for Netflix. Thats really an incredible opportunity, access to IP that we wouldnt otherwise have. And its part  its a big global programming strategy over the next 5 years. The domestic Pay 1 deal that is also part of that, I think complements and adds to  but only for our domestic subscribers over for 5 years. And we do think that, thats a great thing, and it complements our growing output of original film as well. And we have had their output prior in through other deals over the last several years, its been great. There are great films and people have diverse taste, like I said, and I think this adds to that doesnt compete with it.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Greg, switching gears to pricing. Your price range around the world has really widened over the years. But the reality is in terms of willingness to pay, there is probably households in the U.S. that are willing to pay you $50 a month. And then in households in India that cant pay you more than $5 a month. So, assuming over the long-term that you can sort of match F1s willingness to pay around the world, what do you think your revenue distribution will look like across these different price points?
Greg Peters: Well, as you pointed out, our spread has been growing wider and I think that, thats part of that story. We are really trying to find a set of plan types with the right kind of features. And we know folks are  some folks have gigantic TVs at home, and some folks are watching on their mobile phones. Some folks are approaching the service as an individual. Some folks are approaching as a family. So there is just so many different needs out there. And so we are really going to try and match those feature sets at the right price points to that really wide group of folks. And we know that, that inevitably means that we are going to really sort of see an expansion of that. And an important part of that is making sure that we are continually looking at how do we broaden accessibility. So, how do we bring in price points that are low enough for more and more of the worlds population to be able to access the service to enjoy the kind of amazing stories that that we are creating. You have seen us do that with rolling out the mobile plan, for example, in several countries in Asia. That sort of we find a good balance of features and price points. We are going to just do more and more of that. But I think the broad trajectory is the one that you have seen, which is a widening of the breadth of our offerings and price points associated with them.
Nidhi Gupta: Related to that, your investment  content investment in Asia has ramped up pretty significantly. I think you announced this quarter, $500 million in Korea, 40 new films and series in India. Obviously, Japanese anime continues to ramp. I am curious whats sort of giving you the confidence to invest this aggressively in Asia, particularly in a market like India, which is still below share of global GDP and willingness to pay for premium content teams?
Ted Sarandos: Well, remember, I think its  the product market fit is what we are always looking for. Now we are programming the service in a way that consumers value it and love it. And its a bit of trial and error at the beginning of each of the territories as we have rolled out. Remember, we started launching in international territories with no original programming in local language with local producers. And now we are producing in most corners of the world. And I do think our confidence in investment in Korea and India and Japan has been the success of the investments to-date and that it gets us closer and closer to that product market fit than we have in our more mature markets. So, I do think like  and what we have seen in our Korean originals and our Japanese anime is that they play really well around the region as well as in country. And occasionally, they could be very, very global in their interest and desire. And the fact that we can bring a global audience to those creators in each of the territories has been really attractive.
Reed Hastings: And, Nidhi, we have had enough success in Japan and South Korea for you guys to think about it like Germany or France, like its a big developed rich market. We have got that wired. India, we are still figuring things out. And so that investment takes some guts and belief forward-looking. But the other investments you should think of, just like rich European countries content exports really well and we are just getting a little better every month on it.
Spence Neumann: Yes. And I will just add to that, you can kind of see that in the numbers too Nidhi and what we released on the regional numbers. The APAC region was about a third of our member growth this quarter and also still kind of healthy revenue growth, including average revenue per member. And thats in part because as the  as we are also  as we improve the service as engagement is up, and churn is down, we can occasionally take price increases, as Greg mentioned. And that happened recently in Australia, New Zealand and Japan. And I think our members are clearly appreciating the value of what we are delivering them. So, the business is scaling, scaling well.
Nidhi Gupta: Yes. Thats helpful. So Reed, is that gut or belief when it comes to kind of these lower ARPU or just the new wear market, is that  but eventually, you will be able to play the kind of low ARPU high-volume strategy or is it over the long-term, incomes will rise in these markets, ARPUs will rise and the math will sort of work?
Reed Hastings: I think on that, we are still learning. We have done some pricing experiments in India that Greg can talk about. And I would say we are still mostly focused on getting a content fit and getting broader content. So thats why I would say that one is a more speculative investment than, say, Korea or Japan, which again, 5 years ago was very speculative when we did those, okay. But we have got  we are over the hump on that. We have got a great match. And we are still working on India, and were super exciting. And again, right now, this month, things are terrible in the COVID spike. But outside of that, weve been really producing a lot of great new content thats currently shut down. Greg, do you want to talk about like Jio or any of that?
Greg Peters: Yes. And maybe a couple of things there, Nidhi, we recognize that it  we dont know a lot yet compared to how much were going to learn over the next many, many years. And so our job is to really try and be innovative and push an experiment. And so whether that is pushing on the actual model in terms of like multi-month or sachet and sort of explore the ranges of that kind of offering. But then also something that weve seen that is quite successful for us and pretty much all the markets we serve around the world is leveraging go-to-market partners who have existing relationships with consumers as a way to expose them to the Netflix service and then have them make it easy to pay. And of course, the ultimate and easy to pay is its just included the sort of bundled offerings that weve been doing more and more of, and Jio is a great example of a partner weve been working with there to really bring the service to a new demographic at a very, very low price associated with low-cost mobile plans that they are offering as well as home-based IPTV plans. And those have been successful for us as well. So its constantly just trying to push on all those different engines and really figure out. What is that right price point, the right offering in the right way that works for the local members and consumers.
Ted Sarandos: Id just add that India is a tremendous opportunity. And I think Netflix offers a tremendous opportunity for the creative community to connect with the enormous audiences. And its just like all great opportunities. Its a long journey, and its a challenge. And we think its worth it. And thats why were investing early and trying to stay ahead of it. And I think we will be able to see those kind of results that weve seen in other places in the world as we continue to learn more and more and more.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Well, Im a big consumer of your Indian content, so keep a comment. Greg, youve started to run some tests and in certain markets, I think maybe just the U.S. on limiting account sharing. Can you talk about the size of the opportunity here, and why now is kind of the right time to ask start tightening the screws on that?
Greg Peters: Yes. First of all, we recognize that our members are in different positions again, they have different needs from us as an entertainment service. And were really seeking that sort of flexible approach to make sure that we are providing the plans with the right features and the right price points to meet those broad set of needs. So were going to keep doing that. Were going to keep working on that, working on accessibility across all of the countries that we serve. But we also want to ensure that while were doing that, that were good at making sure that the people who are using a Netflix account who are accessing it are the ones that are authorized to do so. And thats what this sort of line of testing is about. Its not necessarily a new thing. Weve been doing this for a while. You may see it pop up here and there in different ways, but its sort of the same framework that we use. I think youre familiar with and so much of how we think about continuously improving the service, which is we iteratively work. We use the tests and the test results to inform and guide how we proceed and just sort of continually try and make that better and better.
Reed Hastings: And, Nidhi, we will test many things, but we would never roll something out that feels like turning the screws as you said. Its got to feel like it makes sense to consumers that they understand. And Greg has been doing a lot of great research on kind of how to try variants that harmonize with the way consumers think about it.
Nidhi Gupta: Are there any particular markets where the subscriber or the user to subscriber ratio was particularly high?
Greg Peters: I think different  every market, every country is different, and so we see different ranges of behavior. And I think just how people orient themselves to the service is different from country to country. So I want to  its more than just sort of how they think about how maybe they are working the system or so forth, how did they think about sharing the service with an extended family or people that they love is a natural part of how they connect with the stories that were telling. So its all different around the planet, and its different within countries, too, as you might well expect.
Nidhi Gupta: If this were a gap that you could close over the very long-term, do you think that there is a bigger revenue opportunity in getting some people to pay more through limiting account sharing or getting everyone to pay more of your kind of [indiscernible], is like which is the bigger revenue opportunity over the [indiscernible] 10 years or however long it takes to sort of start closing the gap?
Greg Peters: What I would say is I think the optimal revenue opportunity, optimal business opportunity is trying to figure out a way to best serve our members and trying to figure out the models, the plan types, the right price points, the right features that really work for them in a natural way. And that really is whats informing sort of our investigational exploration. I would say we dont really know as most of the  its often the case when were sort of going down a path of innovation what the right place to land is our priority. Thats why we do this experiment and then we do the iterative approach. So its mostly letting that process unfold and letting our members speak to us about whats really the ideal model for them.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. That makes sense. Spence pushing gears to you. Now that your balance fee doesnt keep me up night anymore, I can ask much more fun question, which is, will you do with all the excess cash. Youve been at $1 billion which is great to see. Maybe just talk about the orders and sort of payments of this particular buyback. And just how do you think about philosophy over the next couple of years?
Spence Neumann: Yes. Sure, Nidhi. So as weve said in the letter in the last couple of letters now, weve We think weve turned that corner. We know we turned the corner on that cash flow story. So we expect to be about cash flow breakeven this year and then sustainably free cash flow positive and growing thereafter. And so  and we dont intend to build up a bunch of excess cash on the balance sheet. So we will maintain a debt level, a gross debt level in a $10 billion to $15 billion range. We paid down about $500 million, in principal in Q1. So we  our gross debt did come down from the prior quarter. And we think that share buybacks are a way to return value to shareholders in a way that is responsible steward of capital, but also maintains a level of balance sheet flexibility for us to continue to be strategic. Because first and foremost, our number one priority is to invest strategically into the growth of the business, but then, of course, return excess cash to our shareholders. So were still maintaining a goal of about 2 months of revenue is our kind of cash on the balance sheet. And youll see us ease into that share buyback program. So it will start this quarter. As I said, I think youll see us ease into it. And were authorized up to $5 billion of share repurchase, and we will kind of get the program going this year.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Reed, youve remained incredibly focused over the years. I remember you telling me recently just the importance of keeping the main thing, the main thing, which has obviously led to a lot of success for Netflix. But when I look forward to the next 10 years, which I realize is a very long time, but if you continue to be successful adding, call it, 30 million subscribers a year, youll be at well over 500 million subscribers in 10 years, which feels like a high level of penetration. So I guess with that backdrop, how important is it to sort of have a second app versus continuing to let the business mature and focusing on capital return.
Reed Hastings: Well, YouTube and Facebook and those properties are a multibillion and the Internet is only growing. So where we so fortunate to get to those numbers that you referred to, were going to be super hungry to double from there going forward, too. So outside of China, I think pay television peaked about 800 million households. So lots of room, and that was several years ago that it peaked lots of room to grow. So think about it as we do want to expand, so like we used to do that thing shipping DVDs. And luckily, we didnt get stuck with that. We didnt define that as the main thing. We define entertainment is the main thing. And so then we expanded into  they had expanded us into original content. And first, it was original series and then films and the animation and kids and unscripted. And so bit by bit, were adding category. So weve got a lot of work to do in terms of different types of entertainment that we will continue to do that. A lot of work in terms of global production. So I dont think there will be a second act in the sense that you mean like AWS and Amazon shopping. I bet we end up with one, hopefully, gigantic, hopefully, very defensible profit pool. And then continue to improve the service for our members by doing that by expanding in category. So I wouldnt look for any big large secondary pool of profits. Therell be a bunch of supporting pools like consumer products that can be both profitable and can support the title brands. So thats an obvious one.
Spencer Wang: And, Nidhi, we have time for two last questions.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. So I mean, just to follow up on that, people often view gaming as kind of a natural extension or adjacency for you. Thats obviously still within the entertainment category, as you mentioned. And what ways is that through or untrue and is there a way to do gaming in sort of the Netflix tile [indiscernible] came from that world?
Reed Hastings: Exactly. In ways were kind of in gaming now because we have Bandersnatch and we have some very basic interactive things. But Spence, and then Greg, maybe talk a little there.
Spence Neumann: Well, Ill probably let Greg mostly go. I would just say it kind of ties to what you what Reed said. I mean, weve kind of dabbled in it already through some of our interactive programming as well as on the licensing and merchandising side in consumer products. And were a business that continues to learn. And so far, learning has been its been good learnings. Were happy with how its played out. And hopefully, we continue to kind of learn from here. But I dont know, Greg, if you want to add to that?
Greg Peters: Ill just take one more sort of point at it, which is that were in the business of creating these amazing deep universes and compelling characters and people come to love those universes and they want to immerse themselves more deeply and get to know the characters better and their back stories and all that stuff. And so really were trying to figure out what are all these different ways that we can increase those points of connection. We can deepen that fandom. And certainly, games is a really interesting component of that. So whether its gamifying some of the linear storytelling were doing like interactive Bandersnatch and the kids interactive programs, thats been super interesting. Were going to continue working in that space for sure. Weve actually launched games themselves. Its part of our licensing and merchandising effort, and were happy with what weve seen so far. And there is no doubt that games are going to be an important form of entertainment and an important sort of modality to deepen that fan experience. So were going to keep going, and we will continue to learn and figure it out as we go.
Nidhi Gupta: Great. Well, if we have time for one more. And my last question is just over the last five earnings calls, how many times would you say Ted has used the word site guys?
Reed Hastings: We like a lot.
Nidhi Gupta: I only noticed it because I was listening to the three things.
Ted Sarandos: Its a good word. Nidhi, you have to admit, its a good word.
Nidhi Gupta: Actually have a real last question, would you?
Ted Sarandos: Yes.
Nidhi Gupta: Of your Oscar-nominated films this year, which did you most enjoy watching. And I can go first, mine was White Tiger.
Ted Sarandos: I am going to diplomatically pass the question to Reed.
Reed Hastings: It was Chicago 7 for me.
Ted Sarandos: White Tiger for me.
Greg Peters: Chicago 7 for me.
Spence Neumann: White Tiger for me too.
Spencer Wang: So I dont completely went about. You should take the time and watch a really beautiful animated short thats Oscar-nominated called if anything happens, I love you. That is really, I think, a remarkable bit of storytelling in a way that people can really expand the universe of what they think storytelling could be. And Ted, maybe you could wrap us up.
Ted Sarandos: Awesome. Well, thank you so much, Nidhi, for joining us for the call and walking us through this. I know that our  what were busy doing. And I know that some folks are on edge today watching the news and [indiscernible] and pockets of the world like our friends and colleagues in Brazil and India are having a particularly tough time. I know that our hearts and thoughts are with you as well, but thank you. We will see you next quarter.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-19 18:00:00) =====
Operator:
Spencer Wang: Hello, and welcome to the Netflix Q4 2020 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it to Kannan for the first question.
Operator:
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you, Spencer, and good afternoon, everyone. So maybe, Spence, we could start off with you. Just given the guidance and the beat during the quarter relative to guidance, sequentially the first quarter tends to be higher in net additions than Q4. But your guidance is lower, despite the fact that you beat Q4 by a relatively large amount, and it feels like the pull forward effect is more or less behind us. So if you could just help us walk through the thought behind the guidance and the framework that you use for that, that would be a good place to start.
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure, Kannan. Well, great to see you. Happy New Year, obviously, delayed. So in terms of the guide, first of all, we guided to 6 million paid net adds for Q1 if you saw. And obviously, that's still a big number, especially when you think about it in context of 2020, which was by far a record year with 37 million paid net adds. So I know you mentioned the pull forward, I don't think we're declaring that we're necessarily through that yet. So, there's puts in calls every quarter, but one that's still a meaningful factor for us in the guide is thinking through how we kind of grow through that growth from 2020. So there's probably still a little bit of that pull forward during a hammock [ph] in early parts of 2021. And then more broadly, Kannan, it's just so difficult in this time. This is one of the more uniquely challenging times, not just for life, but that's most important, but also obviously in terms of trying to just forecast the growth trajectory of the business. There's just so much uncertainty right now. So it's more uncertain than we've ever seen. And we're trying to forecast through that. But at the same time, one thing that's maybe counterbalancing that is that what COVID has done for us is it's accelerated that big shift from linear to streaming entertainment. So the long-term growth trajectory is at least as strong as ever. There's just more short-term noise and uncertainty right now, but still very strong underlying growth metrics and that's what you're seeing in the Q1 guide.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. And I guess if you just look at the full year in terms of cadence, '21 obviously has tough comps versus 2020. But I think one of the things you guys also indicated was potentially a 4 million to 5 million pull forward into 2020 from a growth perspective. And I think there's been a lot of debate about what you actually meant by that 4 million to 5 million.  So, if you can just contextualize the guidance for Q1 more in the context of 2021, you typically do 28 million to 30 million subs in a given year. Is that framework more or less intact or should we read that 4 million to 5 million comment as a pull forward into '20?
Spencer Neumann: Well, look, I'll take this one. Others can jump in as well. Unfortunately, Kannan, we're not going to provide a full year guide. Just as we talked about, there's so much uncertainty in the business. We can provide a number, but I'm not sure it would be worth, it would be that bankable, right. It's hard enough to project the next 90 days, let alone the next 12 months. But we feel very good about, as I said, is that longer term growth trajectory, you've seen us as you pointed out historical growth trends.  Hopefully, it'd be plus or minus that. But it's a bit impossible to predict. What we do see is that viewing is up in every region of the world. It's kind of returned from those peak COVID levels, but it's up year-over-year in all regions. Retention is better than it was a year ago. Acquisition is strong. So the underlying metrics are strong in the business, but I don't want to provide false precision on a 12-month target.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And if you could touch on a couple of regions. The one thing that stood out during the quarter, of course, is UCAN where most of us thought the market was saturated, but you guys keep accelerating growth, despite price increases, which is even more impressive. And then the other region, which until Q3 seems to be, despite the benefit of COVID seemed to have slower growth than 2019, despite the market not being saturated. So if you could just talk about the underlying trends in some of these markets and what you're seeing, which is driving some of these trends, that might be useful.
Spencer Neumann: You want me to go or someone else want to go? Okay. I'll go again, Kannan. I think the story is pretty similar throughout the world. Every country is a little bit different. But what we're seeing in terms of our viewing trends are similar around the world, the types of content that our members are viewing is kind of similar to pre-COVID and post COVID. Obviously, we have more and more variety of content and great experiences that we're offering to our members.  But the story is pretty similar. As you know, there are certain countries around the world where were just further along in our content market fit and our maturation, but we're seeing growth everywhere. Like you pick Latin America as an example, one of our more mature markets, you look over the past few years and we've been steadily growing about 5 million to 6 million paid net adds a year. As you mentioned, in kind of US UCAN market, we're roughly 60% penetrated and we're still growing. So we're still a very small share of even just pay TV penetration in most markets around the world and small share of viewing. So we think we've got a lot of headroom in all these markets, and were just trying to get a little better every day.
Reed Hastings: Kannan, if you take the U.S. being our most penetrated market, we're still under 10% of television viewing times Netflix. So again, there we've got a lot of subscribers here in the U.S. But we still have a lot more viewing time that we would like to earn with an incredible service and incredible content.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And Spence, maybe one last financial question and we'll get this out of the way and get into the more interesting part of the discussion, but --
Spencer Neumann: I take offense to that last comment, Kannan.
Kannan Venkateshwar: But the one thing obviously which is new in the letter this quarter is the cash flow guidance and your cash flow guidance is better than what you guys initially indicated and the buyback guidance. So maybe you could talk about capital allocation and using the cash for buybacks versus potentially other opportunities. And also why use an absolute gross debt number instead of a leverage target to frame the buyback discussion? So it would be helpful to get that context.
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. Thanks. We're super proud of where we are from a free cash flow perspective and we talked a bit internally before the calls, what was a bigger milestone for us? Passed 200 million member mark or kind of turning to this next chapter in terms of our free cash flow and the ability to self fund our growth going forward. And we think that's a pretty big milestone for us.  To the point of our capital allocation approach, the philosophy remains unchanged, which is that we're going to be disciplined stewards of the capital and try to do things that we believe are value maximizing for our shareholders. But we have turned this corner where now we can, as we talked about, with $8 billion of cash on the balance sheet, projecting to be cash flow about breakeven in 2021 and then positive thereafter, we want to return excess cash to our shareholders.  So, we won't build up a bunch of excess cash. We'll maintain, as you say about  as we said in the letter, as you mentioned, about $10 billion to $15 billion of gross debt on the balance sheet. And that's really just to maintain familiarity and access to the debt markets should we need it, but there's really not a whole lot of science beyond that. And then beyond that, as we say, we put a premium on balance sheet flexibility, so we're going to continue to invest aggressively into the growth opportunities that we see. And that's always going to come first. But beyond that, if we have excess cash, we'll return it to shareholders through a share buyback program.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. And Reed and Ted, if we could just pivot to a question on competition. This question may feel a little bit unfair to be honest, because in many ways you created the streaming template for others to replicate. But given Disney's recent success and the kind of numbers they are putting up, it almost feels like Netflix is underachieving versus its potential and has to work a lot harder to get to comparable scale. So are there any reasons why the Disney numbers are not a benchmark for Netflix and why the company cant get there?
Reed Hastings: Underachieving, Kannan --
Kannan Venkateshwar: Im sorry I had to frame it that way.
Reed Hastings: In the bottom of our earnings which is the return to annualized return over 18 years being 40%. So if that's under performance, we'll do more of that. Look, it's super impressive what Disney has done. It's the incredible execution for an incumbent to pivot and taking on an insurgent, so that's great. And it shows that members are interested in willing to pay more for more content because they're hungry for great stories, and Disney does have some great stories. And so it gets us fired up about increasing our membership, increasing our content budget and its going to be great for the world that Disney and Netflix are competing show by show, movie by movie and we're really fired up about catching them in family animation, maybe eventually passing them. We'll see. We have a long way to go just to catch them and maintaining our lead in general entertainment, its so stimulating, like Bridgerton which I don't think you're going to see on Disney anytime soon. Ted, you want to follow up on that?
Ted Sarandos: No, I think when you talk about it in competitive terms, you think about Christmas Day 2020 where you have the enormously anticipated film like Wonder Woman '84 and Soul, both debuting on competitive services and us launching what turns out to be one of our biggest launches ever. And I do think what Reed said is it does point to people who have tremendously big appetites for great entertainment and all different kinds of it. And the fact that they're willing to pay more for more programming I think is very encouraging. We've always said that people will -- our goal is to make everybody's favorite show, everybody's favorite film. Other people are going to try to do that too and people will supplement their Netflix subscription to get that content, which I think is a super healthy dynamic.
Spencer Wang: And Kannan if I could  sorry, go ahead Greg.
GregPeters: But if I could just add as well, I think there's the membership lens and the number of subscribers, but it's also useful to look at it from a revenue lens, which of course is the fuel that we have to basically create more of that content to get that virtuous cycle flowing more.
Spencer Wang: And the only other thing I would add to that, Kannan, not to get too in the weeds on the numbers and not to take anything away at all from what Disney's done because it's been amazing and I'm a happy customer myself, but 30% of their I think 87 million paid subscribers were Hotstar, which I think we all sort of recognize as a bit of a different service. So the 87 million is closer to 60 million and our ARPU is roughly double or actually more than double. So we added close to 40 million last year alone. So I think when you factor in those dynamics and the fact that we're coming from a higher level of penetration, globally, I think we feel very good about the performance.
Ted Sarandos: So you took the bait. Can I just try to get us the chest pound some more?
Kannan Venkateshwar: It was meant to be provocative, it turned out to be -- but a follow up and Greg I guess you're going to have a lot to say on this topic. But when you think about Disney coming in or even Discovery or all these new launches that are happening, in some ways this expands the pie quite a bit for streaming in general, because there are also new distribution models that are being attempted. And telecom companies have started to see this as a new normal. And my guess is this will lead to all kinds of other permutations in the future. So when you think about more streaming services coming out over the course of '21, does that in some way provide an opportunity to try new distribution avenues or accelerate growth because of the growth in streaming in some ways?
Greg Peters: I think you're right. We're seeing this big macro shift and certainly the global pandemic has accelerated that process. And really I think the first bit is just even that big impetus to move is to some degree a tailwind for us, because we have more and more consumers who are around the world, who are aware of these services. We have more and more intention, more activity out there. We are seeking to be innovative and constantly pushing the edges around how we can accelerate our growth, how we can improve our distribution footprint, how do we access members more and more? And also, and what's really the key engine of our growth is just how do we satisfy those folks that have signed up for us, because that really is the ultimate stimulus when they have a great experience and they talk wildly about how great the service is, how amazing the titles that they're viewing there to their friends, their family, their colleagues, that's really what motivates that next round of subscribers to sign up. So we'll keep pushing the edges. We seek to be innovative in that way. And we'll come up with many creative ideas as we can to grow.
Kannan Venkateshwar: All right. And I guess extending on that topic, you ran a couple of interesting experiments during the quarter. I think Netflix was free in India for a weekend and in France you have tried the linear format. So could you talk a little bit about the learnings from these experiments? And are these successful enough to expand to other regions?
Greg Peters: Yes. So StreamFest in India, the primary learning which was very evident is that there's a lot of interest amongst consumers in India to try Netflix. We had millions of people that had access for a 48-hour period to the service. And now we go through the more difficult part of actually analyzing how that interest through this specific tactic translates into sustained incremental growth. And we're still working through the details of that. And obviously based on what we see there well inform how we think about how we leverage that tactic again, or how do we improve on it, what other places we think it might be leverageable.  And then on to your other point, I think Netflix members come to the service seeking to be entertained in a whole variety of ways. Sometimes they're looking for a movie or sometimes a TV show or animation or scripted or unscripted, and sometimes they show up and they're not really sure what they want to watch. And so we've had the opportunity to try and be innovative and try new mechanisms to sort of help our members in that particular state. So there's the linear feed isn't one example of that, it's still unclear how that's going to work out. So we're still looking at that one. But I think an even better example of that is a new feature that we've been testing and we're going to now roll out globally, because it's really working for us where our members can basically indicate to us that they just want to skip browsing entirely, click one button and we'll pick a title for them just to instantly play. And that's a great mechanism that's worked quite well for members in that situation.
Reed Hastings: Greg, are we going to call it, I'm feeling lucky or are you going to come up with something better?
Greg Peters: We're going to come up with something better than that, so standby for this. You'll see it when it rolls out.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And so, Greg, just following up on Asia a little bit more, you mentioned the $4 billion to $5 billion in revenues that Netflix has been able to add over the last few years. As India becomes a bigger region and as your reliance on growth in that region increases, is that $4 billion to $5 billion the right way to think about revenue growth? And also, because of the ARPU of course in that region being much lower, how should we think about that framework for revenue growth going forward?
Greg Peters: Yes. We're proud of the sustained 4 billion to 5 billion annual revenue growth, which we think is unprecedented in the entertainment industry. And certainly, our aspirations are to do as well as we can and growing -- to continue to grow that revenue. But to your point, specifically what we're seeing is we have to find ways to improve the accessibility of the Netflix service. And oftentimes, that means doing some tradeoffs between subscriber growth at different ASPs, but really our framework for all of that and the way we assess the moves that we make and how we expand those moves and what we test, how we evaluate those tests is really around that sort of revenue optimization piece. And so that's always the lens that we get to and we're going to use that to continue to try and basically fuel as much revenue growth as we can.
Spencer Neumann: And Ill just add to that, Kannan, just in this past quarter, the APAC region was the second largest contributor to growth and you see the kind of revenue acceleration frankly that's happening in our business from about $4 billion increase over the total year, two years ago to about 5 billion this year just in our guidance for Q1, it's 24% year-over-year, so on an absolute basis, that revenue is growing.
Kannan Venkateshwar: When you think about the APAC region, obviously that region is very different in terms of price sensitivity and the kind of diversity the region has languages and so on and so forth. So when you approach that particular region, is the present model more or less the steady state of trying a mobile-only kind of a plan and then trying to upgrade people from there or are there other things you can do either in terms of pricing or product to potentially accelerate that?
Greg Peters: There are 100 things that we can and we need to go do and we know that it's really not about just one trick or one thing that will basically make us successful in the region, but it's just constantly looking at all of the ways in which the current product experience doesn't satisfy completely our members or members to be. And you mentioned language, it's a great one where even simple things like we're improving the ability for our members to tell us what languages they want in terms of the content when they're browsing, and there's sort of these different scenarios. There's a scenario maybe when you're by yourself and if you're multilingual, that can result in sort of different choices. If you're in a multi-generational household, then all of a sudden that might shift how you think about, like what titles you want to present and what languages and so that's just one small example of places where we know we can improve the product experience and be more effective in satisfying members. But it goes on and on from that to like the methods of payments that what we know we need to expand and we're constantly working to add more of those and make those more effective, the partnerships we have that make the service more accessible and more immediate and easier for members to find out and sign up. So there's tons of things that we're looking at.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. And speaking of an area of overachievement instead of underachievement, Ted, 70 movies in a year. So now you guys are the industry in many ways. I think the top five studios potentially do about 90 movies a year. You guys are doing 70 a year. So at what point is this too much? How do you judge that balance? And how are you juggling, or how are you evaluating returns on this investment?
Ted Sarandos: It's likely more than 70. That's just what we were able to talk about in that last release and that exciting trailer. And when you think about it, is you think about how diverse people's tastes are. You think about what the appetite to watch a movie is. It isn't just one a week. I think there's plenty of room to grow that, and we're doing that, but much larger scale today. So thinking about movie stars like Gal Gadot and Leonardo DiCaprio and Meryl Streep and filmmakers like Jane Campion and Adam McKay, Zack Snyder, Antoine Fuqua making films at enormous scale for Netflix, so that when people have an appetite to watch a movie, they could do it at home and they could do it on the big screen, or they could do it on their phone. And I just think that that evolution will continue to grow and expand well beyond a movie a week, because that's -- we're talking about serving a global audience with incredibly diverse taste. So that one a week is -- many weeks, it's already two or three. And some of them are hugely impactful in the region that they're created for. And some of them become very, very global, like we saw with #Alive last year from Korea, which became a very big hit for us around the world.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And when you make these titles, you innovated with respect to the kind of financial model on content creation with a cost plus kind of a structure relative to the deficit finance models in the past for content. When you do the kind of output that you're doing and the volumes that you're doing, is there a risk that this leads to lower returns over time, because there is really no downside in some ways for studios to create this content on a cost plus basis? And does it make sense at this scale versus when you were essentially doing originals as a startup?
Ted Sarandos: I think it does. We're seeing it scale up more than double every year and it continuing to scale both in the scope of the projects, the ambition of the projects and the execution of the projects. And I do think the financial return, if you think about it relative on a handful of titles that wind up doing enormous return for the studio versus the hundreds of titles that barely break even, this is a great model for producers to produce in. And the fact that we can support it day-in and day-out at this kind of volume and make projects that are otherwise pretty difficult to make in some cases has been really encouraging for filmmakers just to embrace this model.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And given the kind of volumes that you're doing on movies now and also because of COVID, there's been a significant shift in the release patterns for movies, not just at Netflix, but across the industry, does this in some ways create essentially a new distribution channel for you? If [indiscernible] releases or shorter windows become more acceptable, does it become possible for you to essentially tap the box office with wider releases on a very short window? And does that become a new revenue stream at some point?
Ted Sarandos: Kannan, potentially. We've looked at this before. We've never had any issue with movies being in theaters. Our biggest issue has been that you had to commit to this very long window of exclusivity to get access to any theaters. That's been the biggest challenge. So if those windows are going to collapse and we'd have easier access to films, to show our films in theaters, I'd love to have consumers be able to make the choice between seeing it out or seeing it at home, which is becoming the norm during COVID certainly, and we'll see how much that sticks. But I think that consumer behavior, human behavior, things changed a lot over time. But there's a very different experience associated with going out and going to the theater with strangers and seeing a movie and it's fantastic. It's just not core to our business.
Reed Hastings: Hopefully, with Warner Brothers sort of COVID move, what we'll see is post COVID, like the second half of the year, is that people both go to the theaters in significant numbers and watch their films. And they're premiered simultaneously on HBO Max and then that will really set a path for simultaneous, was good for the film, helps both online and on streaming, and then also in the theaters. But we have to wait to post COVID to get a clean read of that.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. So what you're seeing today though is exactly what we've been trying to do for a couple of years since making these films at this size.
Kannan Venkateshwar: I guess the other side of this coin is given your distribution scale now, if a studio wanted to release a movie on Netflix, this is one of the most efficient channels they can get to. Why is that not an attractive model for Netflix, either in the form of a premium VOD channel or some other distribution model? But why is that not an attractive model for you?
Ted Sarandos: We're not saying that it isn't. What we're saying is this one has been the most attractive model in terms of -- both for consumers and for our own business.
Greg Peters: Kannan, I think you alluded maybe to a different model, sort of a transactional kind of approach. And I would say that we really believe that from a consumer orientation, the simplicity of our add free, no additional payments, one subscription is really, really powerful and really, really satisfying to consumers around the world. And so we want to keep emphasizing that.
Ted Sarandos: That's interestingly a challenge to people to figure out one of the great things about the subscription models, I think it opens up for consumers to be much more adventurous about what they watch. So I think you can throw out a lot of preconceived notions about what works and what doesn't, because those are mostly established by business trends, not by consumer trends. And so I think what happens is people say, hey, I don't watch foreign language television but I've heard of this show called Lupin [ph] and I'm super excited to see it and it's included in my subscription when I push play. And 10 minutes later, all of a sudden they like foreign language television. So it's really incredible evolution. Bong Joon-ho said it so beautifully at the Oscars that audiences have to get over the one inch wall to enjoy a whole another world of entertainment. And we're seeing that incredible scale already by watching -- by having great stories from anywhere in the world to everywhere in the world on Netflix, and that one inch wall is the subtitles or you can watch it with dubs or you can watch it in the original language track.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And I guess when you have this kind of content volume and also the kind of movie slate that you're putting up, it also gives you a lot more pricing power because instead of watching a movie for $10 or as a family for $30, you essentially pay for Netflix. So your pricing power implicitly goes up in this environment because of the kind of product.
Ted Sarandos: So we're increasing value or increasing the value proposition for the consumer. Every time we get another 10 minutes of watching on Netflix, you're increasing the value of that subscription. So I think it's -- by increasing the options, we are also increasing the likeliness that you're going to push play. And when you do push play, you're going to love what you see.
Reed Hastings: And Kannan, realistically out of home entertainment, its just most consumers think of that differently just like you could cook cheaply, but people still go out to dinner. And they still go out and they see that as an experience that's just different. So don't think of that as the direct or our members don't think of that as the direct pump. But what they love is for a low price they get to watch an unlimited amount and be very experimental back to what Ted was saying in their taste, and to try Alice in Borderland and to try Lupin. So it's -- all these things are kind of interconnected to be able to create a really unique and incredible viewing experience.
Kannan Venkateshwar: So I guess when you think about these factors, there are two ways to think about pricing in this environment. One is when you have so much competition and consumer wallets essentially have to be spread more widely. One way to read the environment is to say that pricing power is limited, but then on the other side of it, your share of total engagement could continue to go up and the pie itself could increase, and you have more product which consumers -- basically that wallet is coming out of somewhere else instead of television. Which of these two dynamics should we expect to see? In other words, should pricing power accelerate or ARPU growth accelerate in the coming years, at least in the Western markets?
Greg Peters: Yes. I would say our competition set we think of is extremely broad, whether you think about it as share of wallet or share of time and attention, share of entertainment, share of delight, and we feel like we have so much more room to grow. And really it's exciting to now see the sort of new dimensions of value creation for our users, like bringing foreign language show; Lupin, Casa de Papel, shows that are now becoming global hits from countries and in languages that that's never happened before. So that's super exciting to see that kind of value creation. And that's really just where we stay focused. So we're not trying to predict the future in that way, but just stay tightly, tightly disciplined on trying to think about what's that next incremental step where we can create more value for our members, engage them, delight them, more great content, more great product experiences. And if we think we do that well, then we think our business will grow and turn.
Reed Hastings: Kannan, we've been pretty cautious and will continue to be pretty cautious. So maybe Spencer Wang, can you remember the -- what's the last three years what's happened with average revenue per member? Whats it moved up from?
Spencer Wang: Yes. So it's moved up from less than $10, so around sort of $9.90 per month per membership to in the last quarter slightly north of $11. And just bear in mind, Kannan, I think you know this, but we had significant FX headwinds over that course of time too. So we've seen that, of course, that leap so that's I think a helpful framework for you.
Reed Hastings: Yes, it's about 10% over three years, so pretty cautious and it's working well for us to provide incredible value.
Greg Peters: Yes, maybe just another way of stating that cautious is just thinking about it. We do think we're an incredible entertainment value. We want to remain incredible in entertainment value.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, Id draw you back to that Christmas Day releases where we were [indiscernible]. But a couple of days before that, we had Midnight Sky. And a couple of days after that, we had Cobra Kai. And a couple of days after that we had Lupin and a couple of days after that, we had Pieces of a Woman. It's phenomenal. And youve seen the numbers are in front of you the way that people have enjoyed these series and films has been unprecedented. And I think the rhythm and the pace of that has been really keeping up. But I think that is the definition of consumer value.
Spencer Neumann: And just the recent data points, Kannan, we referenced in the letter, but we had price increases in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. We announced in the UK in December and we've grown nicely through that, because I think to this point we're continuing to increase the variety and value of what we're delivering for our members.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And I guess on the pricing front, at a certain level, there's some academic research on this. But essentially, elasticity seems to be a function of the price itself, which means as you go higher and higher when you start taking price up, potentially maybe the elasticity of demand changes. But is that something that you guys have seen yet or are we still very far away from that point at which these factors kick in for you? So if you could just talk about what you've seen so far as you've taken price up across different regions in terms of potentially churn or cohort behavior, that might be a useful framework for us?
Greg Peters: Yes. And I think rather than sort of that academic perspective, we look at it perhaps more practically and more operationally and really it's almost reversing it, which is that we are looking for signals and signs from our members that are telling us essentially that we have added more value. So you think about engagement with the service and retention and churn characteristics, acquisition, those are the things that we're really looking for that are key to basically saying, okay, we've added more value in the service. Now it's the right time to go back to those members and ask them to pay a little bit more so that we can reinvest it and keep adding it. So it's really that sort of iterative feel our way forward kind of orientation that we have.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. Pivoting to a slightly different topic, you guys added Strive Masiyiwa, I hope I'm pronouncing that right, to the Board. And Africa is not a region we've discussed in the past, but Disney started creating a lot of content in the region. And obviously, this Board appointment is pretty interesting. Is this the next focus? How should we think about this as an opportunity?
Reed Hastings: Well, Strive is a global board member. He's not coming on board to be a marketing consultant for Africa, although he does know it extremely well. But he's a voice about how to build large subscription businesses, which he's done. He's enormously sophisticated of dealing with governments, which as we grow is an increasingly important skill for us to have. So think of him as a great global advocate for us. He also knows Europe very well and the rest of the world reasonably well. So I think it's -- we've been broadening our global board membership and it's a continuation of that. And again, Africa has a ton of potential. We're doing more content there. We're growing our membership. Its not Strive role specifically.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And just looking at the rest of the world, there's been a lot of small transaction, and Spencer this one might be for you and I'm sure the others will chime in as well. But there have been a couple of streaming services in Southeast Asia, which essentially were acquired by some of the Chinese Internet majors. Sony, of course, did the acquisition of Crunchyroll. So there's been interesting assets, which could have helped you scale potentially faster, but obviously you guys passed on it or did not really show any interest in these assets. So could you help us think through what kind of assets you guys would care about as it's more like world assets or why are these assets not interesting?
Spencer Wang: Sure. To answer the first question, Kannan, with respect to other streaming services, our view is many people subscribe to multiple different services. So acquiring another one just for their members doesn't really help us and we want to stay focused on capturing and earning that subscription from each person organically rather than just doing some sort of M&A deal. So that's sort of point one. Point two in terms of your other question around what are we interested in, it is largely around things that can help us bolster our core business, which is entertainment and specifically content assets inclusive of things like intellectual property that we can hopefully turn into great TV shows and great movies.
Ted Sarandos: Id just add that historically, we've been builders, not buyers. And years ago, I used to try to get the team to wrap their head around the potential scale of the business by saying things like, someday we'll be so big, we'll have a VP of anime. And then that someday is now. We're one of the largest producers of anime in the world. So you think about those kind of things now and it's like what were you when you look at those assets, they're primarily distribution assets, not really IP assets. So that's  and where we've been taking the approach like with our unscripted programming, with our anime, with our animated features, with big budget original film, we're building over a couple years versus acquiring.
Spencer Wang: Kannan, we have time for one more question please.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Spencer, maybe -- sorry, Ill ask you this final question more with respect to the longer term outlook for the business and Ted, obviously feel free to chime in as well on this one. But is there any regrets you guys have had in terms of things that you guys could have done but did not do? And one instance that comes to mind is something like Roku if it was part of the company, instead of being spun out? And also when you look at the competitive landscape, what do you perceive as the real competition? Is it streaming services or does it come from outside from things like Fortnite, which you've mentioned in the past as an engagement driver for consumers?
Reed Hastings: Im going to see how he does on this one.
Spencer Wang: I could take a stab at it, then I'll pass it over to Reed, Greg or Ted. But look, as Greg mentioned earlier, we think the competitive set is incredibly large and wide. And so I think we have a lot of work to do to continue to grow that small share of screen time that we have today. Its hopefully become more and more valuable to our members. I think the other part of your question was, is there anything that we sort of regret? I've only been here five and a half years compared to Greg, Reed and Ted, who have been here much, much longer. So I think my window of regret is probably smaller. So I don't think that there's anything that jumps out to mind right now.
Reed Hastings: Spencer's regret is not joining three years earlier when he could have.
Spencer Wang: That is correct.
Reed Hastings: Materially, I think it is fantastic that we've executed if we had kept Roku inside, it's very unlikely they would have been the success that they have. What Anthony and his team have done has taken enormous energy and focus on their side. And it was an enormous task for us just to become a leader in both streaming and then original programming and then global. So were happy for their success, but no regrets on that front.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it.
Ted Sarandos: I would think with the hours and hours of joy we're bringing to hundreds of millions of people around the world and with their return to our shareholders, it's hard to look back with much regret.
Reed Hastings: Heres one for you, Kannan. We regret not buying a global license to House of Cards in the first year, because we had to go back and piecemeal that extraordinary expense.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's a good note to end on I guess.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Kannan, and thank you to all of our shareholders and look forward to talking to you in another quarter.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thanks, guys.
Ted Sarandos: Happy New Year.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2020 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEO, Reed Hastings; Co-CEO and Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; CFO, Spence Neumann; and COO and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it to you Kannan for his first question.
Q - Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you, Spencer, and thanks everybody for joining us. Broadly, Spencer, if we could start  Spence, if we could start with you given the subscriber numbers. Despite you are cautioning us last quarter about growth, all of us can't get  cant help ourselves from getting enthusiastic every quarter about your subscriber trends. But maybe it might be useful to just contextualize the growth  the net add number this quarter. Could you help us understand how the gross add  gross additions trended from Q2 to Q3? And would you expect gross adds to come down a bit sequentially and how much of this is an account of churn? So if you could just break down the quarterly sub numbers a little bit and give us some color, that might be useful?
Spencer Neumann: Yes. Sure Kannan. Thanks. So first sort of stepping back, if you think about the Q3 subscriber numbers, it was really very much as expected for the quarter. To look at Q3, the biggest impact was really the first half of the year and a giant pull forward in subscriber additions in the first half of the year with COVID. When we have that much pull forward, we expected and knew there would be some level of slowdown and we tried to projected as best we could, but it's super difficult to forecast with perfect precision given all the unknowns and factors. So we actually came pretty close to land within 300,000 members on a member base of roughly 195 million. That's pretty much forecast noise, and there's a number of ins and outs, but the general underlying metrics as you say are very healthy. So retention remains well at very healthy levels, better than we were a year ago, acquisition remains strong. So you're just seeing some kind of a natural kind of  because of that pull-forward effect some slowdown. But don't want to lose sight of the fact that to measure our business, it's really not based on any single quarter of growth fluctuation. It's really about it should be measured in multi-quarter and multi-year trends. And so if you look at the past three quarters, year-to-date through Q3, we've grown by little over 28 million members, which is more than we grew all of last year. So super healthy growth and the underlying both top line and bottom line growth and retention trends in our business are healthy.
Reed Hastings: And Kannan, maybe if I could just add, with respect to more context on the subscriber trends, as Spence said, we just really don't over-focus on any 90-day period. And just to give you an example, if the quarter was 48 hours longer, we would have come in slightly above our guidance forecast. So again, as Spence characterized it, I think really just forecast noise more than anything else.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And it looks like organic ARPU in LATAM was particularly high. I know you had some price increases earlier in the year as a tax pass-through. I mean, did that have any impact on growth because that was one of the regions, which seems to have come in a bit lower? And I guess also, if you could contextualize guidance for next year, you did point out that paid net adds would be  will be down next year first half at least based on your expectations. So how are you thinking about the impact of pull forward while modeling next year's numbers? If you could just give us some color around that might help us understand it little bit better?
Reed Hastings: Greg, maybe you want to take the LATAM price question and then I'll take the next year and then pass it over to Spence.
Gregory Peters: Yes, it sounds good. And I think, Kannan, its  again, it's easy to over-rotate on what we're seeing specifically quarter-to-quarter. And if you look at sort of the nine months, we've seen 5 million paid net adds in LATAM, which is a very healthy growth for us on that period. So I wouldn't over-read anything specifically as more, I think, the pull-forward effect. And then over to you Reed.
Reed Hastings: We've been doing high 20s net adds per year for four years. And this year on guidance, weve 34 million. So it was that all kinds of new records this year. So the pull forward into next year is relatively modest. It's sort of that 5 million or 6 million delta as opposed to the second half of this year, again, where the pull-forward effect from the first half is very strong. So it was probably a little bit of the effect in Q1 from the pull forward, maybe a little bit less in Q2, but it'll wash out. It's not a permanent or long-term. So I think in terms of modeling it, there's the underlying quality of the service. How many hours do we generate, how much word-of-mouth? And that's improving at some relatively steady rate and then our growth sort of seesaws around that number depending on the particular conditions going on in that quarter. But year-after-year, it's fundamentally followed that improvement in the service growth curve. Spence?
Spencer Neumann: I think you both hit on most of it. I would just emphasize that in the letter, Kannan, were really talking mostly about the year-over-year comparison for the first half of 2021 versus the first half of 2020, and that's because of the dynamic that Reed was mentioning. If you look at the first half of this year, again, we grew by 26 million members in the first two quarters of 2020. That's more than twice the level of growth we had in 2019. So again, we're just  we're sort of growing through that big acceleration in our member base. So we shouldn't expect year-over-year first half to be comparable.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it.
Spencer Wang: Just trying to temper that enthusiasm, Kannan.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's fair. So I guess, one component which can help us understand this a little bit better, maybe the engagement levels. And obviously, because of the work-from-home environment, there was an engagement lift across the Board on streaming services in general. But in some ways, you guys are able to benefit from almost a pure experiment in some ways as different countries reopened at different times and you're able to see what that does to engagement levels. So as this process plays out around the world, is there any structural lift in engagement you guys have seen in markets that have opened up versus markets that may still not be open? And how much of a tailwind could that be structurally longer-term or how much of that could become a tough comp next year?
Reed Hastings: We do look at some of this, but we try not to get overly focused on the COVID effects because they're very one-time in nature. And by and large now engagement churn, all of those metrics are like we would have expected from a year ago. So think of that as a minor background effect and there was the temporary learning when there's no sports, but it's like, well, it's not really that interesting a finding as it's just not relevant to the world. Now we're back in a world with partial sports and its fine and we're growing. So again, we compete so broadly, we compete for time against TikTok and YouTube as well as HBO, as well as Fortnite. So really, the limiter for us is, what's the quality of our service, how often  how many nights, you say, oh my God, I want to go to Netflix and watch the next show.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And Ted, I guess from one of the comments in the release was the goal of shooting 150 productions by year-end.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes.
Kannan Venkateshwar: So how does that compare to what your initial plans may have been? Because the free cash flow number this quarter is really strong, which tells me that there's probably a lot more content you were initially planning versus what's happening. So if you could just give us some color around the cadence?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Like we pointed out, since the COVID shutdowns, we've completed production on over 50 productions and we expect another 150 before the year is over. So all that ramp up puts us back to nearly fully operational in most parts of the world. Those productions may go a little slower than we had planned. But materially, we are back in business of production in most places of the world, including in North America that have come on slower. So we've got  so I think when we were looking at the 2020, the 2021 slate, everything that we forecast for 2021, we expect to hit in 2021 with a few minor exceptions and some maybe a little more back weighted than we had planned for early last year, but we plan on it all coming out. And I think the thing that we've really been amazed by has been the adaptivity of our production communities to step up to the plate in these new COVID protocols and get the work done in such an incredible way and then so safely. We've had a couple of shutdowns and I really think that we're in a place right now where we should expect that to happen that we'll have production shutdown. And the art of it is how quickly and safely can you reopen? And we've been going through that in different parts of the world every day. But right now, I'd say that we're back to near steady state in physical production.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And Greg, from your perspective, when you think about the price increase decision, recently, I think there was a price increase in Canada and Australia. Is this based more on some kind of an algorithm around content release slate and subscriber momentum? Or is this based more on the strategic goal of where you want to be with respect to ARPUs over a given timeframe? So how should we think about the cadence of price increases going forward given that productions are restarting now?
Gregory Peters: Yes. No magic algorithm, but the core model we have is and what we think really our responsibility and our job is, is to take the money that our members give us every month and invest that as judiciously as smartly as we can in creating new amazing stories. We've got titles that are coming out across an increasing range of genres, amazing movies like Old Guard and Extraction, and more animation like Over The Moon and Willoughbys and Klaus. And so just basically delivering more value for our members better product experiences. And if we do that well, and we seek to basically every day be better about pretty much every component of how we're investing that and make that efficiency and that effectiveness better, we will deliver more value to our members and we'll occasionally go back and ask those members to pay a little bit more to keep that virtuous cycle of investment and value creation going. And as we said before, we look at every country independently. So instead of an algorithm, we're just basically assessing, okay, how many new popular titles have we delivered? What our local language originals in that particular country looking like, what's the slate that's coming looking like? What is the fundamental metrics, right, engagement and churn, what do those look like? And then we just  we do an assessment. When we say  we believe that we're really delivering more value to our members? And if so, do we think it's the right time to go back and ask them to pay a bit more so we can again keep that cycle going. And I think the one other important thing to note here are  NorthStar that we hold close to our heart in this whole process as we think that we are just incredible entertainment value, and we very much want to remain an incredible value as we continue to improve the service and grow.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And now that you're in a more normal pricing environment and some of the metrics that you mentioned just now in terms of engagement levels and churn and so on, I mean, when you analyze different markets, is there room for the recent price increases in a couple of markets to expand as we go forward over the next few quarters?
Gregory Peters: Yes. I think, I won't comment or speculate on a specific changes, but that basic model that we just described, if we continue to do a great job at investing and we feel like there's ample opportunity to deliver more value. And you heard from Ted the sort of the number of original productions that we're doing increasing even under these conditions that number. And if we do that then we feel like there is that opportunity to occasionally go back and then ask for members where we've delivered that extra value in those countries to pay a little bit more.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And in the U.S., I mean, you've also done away with the free tier recently, and I think U.S. is one of the last markets where you've done this. Is this because most of the new additions in the U.S. and now people who already have been subscribers in the past, I mean, could you help us understand the decision to walk away from the free tier in the U.S.?
Gregory Peters: Yes. Like most things that we do, we're constantly assessing and testing and trying to understand what's working, what's working best, how do we improve. And we do that with our marketing and promotion tactics as well. One of the most effective ways to introduce Netflix to people in different countries around the world, and based on that testing and that actual performance, we've shifted those tactics, as you note, in many, many countries, including the United States. But we also seek to innovate and come up with what are new ways that we can use to introduce Netflix to new members. And so an idea that we're excited about and we'll see how it goes, but we think that giving everyone in a country access to Netflix for free for a weekend could be a great way to expose a bunch of new people to the amazing stories that we have, the service, how the service works, really create an event, and hopefully get a bunch of those folks to sign up. So we're going to try that in India and we'll see how that goes. And that's just an example of the kind of innovation that we seek to do in this space.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's interesting. So I guess that dovetails into a question I had for Ted, which is more around some of the shows that have been licensed, butter worth licensed, if I can use that term to cable networks as well as services like Pluto. And obviously some of these are not your productions, they're owned by somebody else. But is this a bigger opportunity in general with your originals and the opportunity to stream Netflix for free either as an event, or even as a starting theater as a mainstream product with your licensed content or your legacy content, which may not be as productive anymore with your existing base, is that something that you're willing to explore in a bigger way?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. I think we're always looking at new different ways for people to get a sample of the content that everyone's talking about, including trying the service out here and there in different ways. I think licensing our content to other people  mostly, I think it's helpful for us to keep our original content on Netflix. So people understand the value proposition of Netflix. And we have seen our ability to grow a show that was on a other network or a smaller outlet pretty meaningfully, but we've not necessarily seen it the other way around when we've experimented in the past with things like actually with Narcos, when we licensed it to Univision in the past and try to  get people to try to sample the show. We don't own that show Gaumont and the deal that they did was something that it'll be interesting to see how if it lifts the awareness and interest in Narcos, but it's on to relatively small platform relative to Netflix.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And Reed from your perspective, there have been  and I guess, Ted this is for you as well, but there've been a bunch of management changes recently over the course of the last year, starting with Spence, of course, but there have been changes in marketing  in the marketing leadership and recently on the content side. And voluntary churn like you pointed out in your book, I think voluntary churn at Netflix is really low compared to other organizations. So it feels a lot more deliberate in some of these choices that you're making. So could you help us think through what drove these changes and are these changes more or less done and organizationally where are you right now?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, I can talk to you on one of the major changes that we're really excited about, which is I was  restructured the content team to be more like our film team and more like our animation team and to have one global organization. And to run that I tapped Bela Bajaria, who's been with Netflix for a long time has came in to start our unscripted group, brought in that team from scratch and they developed this incredible unscripted outlet slate that we have today, moved over to our local language original team, usually successful. These are two areas of the business that are going to grow three or four times over the next three to five years. So I thought that she was really well suited to take on that organization. And she end in that English language scripted series business. She joined us from Universal Television, where she was the President and had brought us such shows as Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Master of None, and she also orchestrated to bring you on as a Netflix original and delivered that first great season of Witcher. So I think Bela is going to be phenomenal running that group. And then there's some changes after that, that whenever you put new change at the top, there's some downstream effects as well.
Reed Hastings: And Kannan to your broader question, yes, we're always trying to broaden our talent as we take on bigger challenges. So Greg took on head of product about three or four years ago; Spence, CFO about a year and a half ago; Spencer, IR about eight years ago. And they all have grown into those roles, but it's a normal model, no one gets to keep the job for free. You got to earn it every year, which is intensely challenging and we all love that part of it.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And Spence, my next question may make you squirm a little bit, but Reed last month in an interview, I think you said something that at least I hadn't realized was essentially a keeper desk move, which was the change in CFO last year. And you mentioned it was deliberate and you needed an entertainment company CFO, and therefore, it was time for a change. So to make the change at that level to deliberately seek a CFO more attuned to what an entertainment company looks like, it seems like a phase shift in how you think about the company about what Netflix today is versus maybe a decade ago, is that the right way to think about or interpret that comment?
Reed Hastings: Yes, I think so broadly. I mean, we'd been moving towards being an entertainment company for many years. And our former CFO, David Wells is an extraordinary human being and a great CFO, and we offered him the chance to move to LA and to really lean into that, and he demurred, and he had done so well as a generalist and tech CFO. He wanted to stay with that. And then we felt super fortunate to recruit Spence Neumann, Who's been like the dream CFO for Netflix. So it could not be better and so super fortunate.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great.
Spencer Neumann: I thought I was going to go to keeper test right here.
Theodore Sarandos: I would have been in Netflix
Kannan Venkateshwar: And one of the things I guess, which has surprised me over the course of the last year is the way most of you have spoken about the impact of content on growth, right? And I think this started around Q2 of last year when there was a big mess. And one of the reasons attributed was the content slate at that point. And now we increasingly talk about comps versus last year, when you have a big show, like Stranger Things. I would have expected the opposite, to be honest. I mean, when you have 200 million subs and when the content slate is so big, content  singular pieces of content should in theory become smaller parts of overall consumption, but seems like it's starting to have a bigger impact. Could you help us think through the content skew in consumption? Is that skew more or less over time? And why is that seemingly having a bigger effect? Or is that just me reading too much into some of these comments?
Reed Hastings: It's just a little bit of math, Kannan. So let's say there's a 5% variation because of content on the margin and 5% used to be a small part of the growth. So then if you really didn't notice it that much and now 5% might be half of the annual subscriber growth. So you noticed that much more. And I don't think it's particularly changed. We are a little more sensitive to it. Again on the growth, remember that if you have a theatrical business, you have up year, down year, the variation is in revenue. In our case, the revenue is going up and up and up, but there's a little bit of wobble in that direction. So I think that's what  I don't think it's particularly more sensitive. Like you say, we've got lots of hits and we have The Crown coming up and kind of big returning series, which are coming up. So there's a lot of big things coming.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And so it's fair to say, I guess that when you have a show like The Crown or The Witcher or Stranger Things coming on, every year that goes by the impact of these shows to overall growth on a normalized basis keeps coming down, but on an absolute basis, it still has an impact. So is that basically the way to read some of these comments?
Reed Hastings: Correct. And because the growth rate has been steady, let's call that 30 million a year numbers. Our percentage on the base is a bigger fraction of that, so you see a bit more.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Yes, but
Reed Hastings: So from a practical standpoint as investors, it's a bigger deal. But remember, it's variations in the growth, and the stunning thing is just big picture outside of COVID how steady the growth has been year after year after year. Back to this underlying growth models like diffusion of word-of-mouth, Netflix is a better way to go. And then you capture a little more of that when you have a big show and then you have a shadow under that. So think of it as like a big general diffused model and then you're just seeing a little surface variations that are happening.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And then in terms of the total number of titles, if I have this right, I think the total number of shows that you have on Netflix today is actually significantly lower than what you had when Netflix started streaming more than a decade ago. First of all, I don't know if that's true. I mean, if that is true, then is that deliberate and how do you determine optimum volume? I guess that's the broader question? How much is too much?
Reed Hastings: It is true that there's less because in the earlier days of Netflix, remember, we were trying to figure out what we can stream and we were licensing in bulk and volume just a lot of content just to see what worked well versus today where we're much more deliberate about the programming. And we really don't focus that much on the title count. Remember in the early days of streaming, if one was  that was the  the marketing war was how many titles you had, but it turns out that doesn't, isn't that meaningful that people don't watch them. So what we really done is concentrated on the titles that have a lot of impact and can aggregate big audiences and move the business forward and add a lot of value for our members. So we really don't focus on the title count, but you are correct, it's significantly lower than it was when we first started streaming, I'd say, more 10 years ago where we used to license an entire library of 800 films from somebody and nobody watched any of them. So it's really not a chase for how many titles, but these are the titles you can't live without.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And I guess, Ted in one of your recent interviews, you indicated that the goal was to scale up to six animated feature films a year. And if I'm not wrong, I think you guys are already doing more movies than the top five Hollywood studios put together. So when you think about that kind of scale to build content, is quality a trade off? I mean, how do you maintain that balance between building scale on originals versus quality?
Theodore Sarandos: I'll tell you the thing that we've been working on and trying and doing. If you think about how many more original series we produced today than we used to and how many more we're producing relative to everybody else in the industry and around the world. And last year we had 160 Emmy nominations for our television slate, which is the most honored single season of television in the history of the Emmys. That kind of quality attracts more quality. We're doing that today in how we're building up our animation slate. Last year, we released two feature films that were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature. Both were pretty popular. Klaus was extremely popular. Also won the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Feature and six Annie Awards, which is a celebration from animators of the best work of the year. And that kind of quality keeps attracting more quality. So we're deep into our 2021, 2022, 2023 animation slate, working with some of the greatest animators in the world, like Chris Nee and Jorge Gutierrez, Nora Twomey, Chris Williams, Alex Woo all making the projects that they've been dying to make and making them in Netflix. So we're really excited about it. We think that there's no quality trade-off for quantity, and we think that there's a big appetite for film and a big appetite for animated features at Netflix.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And Greg, if I could switch to a slightly different topic, recently there've been headlines on the Google Play store changes in payment terms, especially for in-app purchases. And obviously this has been a broader discussion with the dispute between HBO, Peacock, Roku and so on, and we touched on it last quarter a little bit. But if you could help us think about not just the near-term impact of the Google move, but also bigger longer term issues, I mean, how do you plan to deal with aggregators? Is this becoming a bigger deal than it used to be in the past? And so how do you expect to cope with some of these issues going forward on the pricing front?
Gregory Peters: Sure. On the Google Play store specifically, I think you  I won't comment on that, the details of any given partnership, but you can look at our position on iOS where for quite some time we've been signing up new members on those devices through the mobile browser, using our own payment method. We're not dependent on the app store for discovery. We're not dependent on the app store for payment and we've seen steady solid growth through that channel. So it's been quite effective regardless. I think that's relevant to note when you think about sort of that dynamic. And then to your point, look, I mean, the world is shifting to streaming into Internet TV, and a bunch of new players are coming in. And so I think the dynamics between those relationships aggregators and device manufacturers and new streaming services are being worked out. But we have been in this business for quite some time and we've invested in relationships with device manufacturers and platform owners for over a decade. And we really, really focused on making this a positive experience for them and adding more value to their devices because we're there, making it great for us because we get to use those devices to access new consumers around the world and making a great for the people to purchase those devices because they have these incredible experiences with Netflix and the amazing stories that we tell on those devices. And I just don't  I don't see any significant change in that sort of positive model. We're going to keep investing in it. We have whole teams who basically just do nothing, but make it great for our device manufacturers to take our technology on and deliver that great experiences to the consumers who buy those devices.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And Greg, I think last quarter, one of the things you had mentioned was the promotional impact of Netflix itself, like instead of spending on marketing, you could use Netflix itself and the scale of Netflix as a promotional tool going forward. And I think the folklore, and I don't know where this data came from, but it's quoted all over the place. Is that 75% of your viewing comes from the first page in terms of your recommendations? I dont know if that number is true at all, but would be great to get some context around how much of content consumption is actually driven by the recommendations that you put up on the screen versus other sources potentially?
Gregory Peters: Yes, a very significant majority is driven by the recommendations that we present. And so I think to your point, the model that we're working with is that millions of people, millions of our members show up every day to our applications, our interfaces, looking for something great to watch. And so we really have a tremendous opportunity to fulfill that interest and fulfill that demand. If we do a good job at  through the recommendations, the titles that we select, how you present those titles in a compelling way and giving each of those members something satisfying in that moment, then they're happy, they're fulfilled. And that means the next night, when they're thinking about like, what do they want to watch, or how do they want to be entertained? And you think about the wealth of options that are available to them, that sort of Reed went through. But if we've done a good job the previous night, they're going to turn to us again and we have an opportunity to sort of fulfill again and just sort of keep that positive feedback process. And so we're really deeply invested in that. We have hundreds of people who wake up every day and sort of devote their entire professional existence to making every aspect of that to work better and better and better. We know we're going to be doing that for decades to come, which is super exciting.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And I guess this also means that as you evolve this process, some of the KPIs internally that you measure performance on also changes over time. And I think Reed, in your book, you mentioned in an interaction with your Chief Marketing Officer at the point. I think this was in 2016 where she pushed back against customer signups being used for measuring performance of the marketing team instead of retention. And I think ultimately you guys went with retention, but over time a number of these KPIs seem to have shifted internally. So could you help us understand how you measure performance to the extent you're comfortable doing this? How do you measure performance for the content team? Has this focus shifted from origination to retention? Is that a bigger part of how you think about the business broadly? Or even features such as engagement for example?
Reed Hastings: For at least the last five years, we've realized there are no gimmicks, there are no techniques, it's fundamentally about member satisfaction. And if we please you on a Wednesday night, you are more likely to come back on a Thursday night. So again, you can choose a given title if you wanted to, but you're going to pay for it downstream because not everybody got the best title for them or you can choose signups or you can choose any particular metric, but it's all just very distorting. And the fundamental for us is member joy, which we look at how much of your viewing time do you choose to spend with Netflix, how many repeat days, less retention, all of those aspects. And so we're really focused on the fundamentals of that pleasing and what does seem to please our members and that's how we grow. Now we augment that with a lot of conversation because we want our titles to be the most talked about titles in every nation because when you watch Enola Holmes, and then like you see this all these activations that we're doing in London with the Enola Holmes statues, [you never like locks in], it's like something fun to really talk about. And it is a great top spin on a fundamentally great piece of content. But that interplay that we use across product content is how we do budgeting decisions. How much do we want to spend in each area is driven fundamentally by our guests on member satisfaction in each country and how that works. And Ted you've thought a lot about this. So let me turn it over to you.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes, I would agree with you. I mean, I think one of the things going back to what Greg said, and it's not unusual for a Hollywood studio to spend 50, 70, sometimes a 100% of the production budget of a film in marketing to get people out to the box office in opening weekend. We do a fraction of that for our advertisers  in terms of paid advertising for our films. And yet we're getting 70 million, 80 million, 100 million folks turning out to watch those movies in its first 28 days, which is like a $1 billion box office in terms of cultural impact. So when I look at that, and I think that's the enormous promise of the scale and the recommendation engine, the value of the recommendation on Netflix to make sure you have a great experience and come back looking for the next one. And primarily what we're trying to do in our marketing is get people to talk about those things that they're watching, and get it into the conversation, get it into the [site guys] that the watching  the heavy lifting of the watching is being handled by their recommendation and the presentations on Netflix on that first page you talked about earlier. So what we could do is to really create a marketing really clever events to activate the fan base and to excite the fan base so that when they're talking about a movie or talking about a Netflix movie, and when they're talking about a TV show, they're talking about a Netflix TV show, and that sort of thing that we're building toward every day.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And I guess, in terms of the content itself, Ted, I mean, there's probably a lot of opportunity right now given the shutdown in theatrical and the slow reopenings there, there's a lot of content in the pipeline and the window between movie releases next year is significantly smaller than what it was last year already. So if this gets pushed out another quarter, potentially a lot of movies will probably come to you or Amazon or somebody else. So how are you thinking about that pipeline of content as you go into next year? Is that a big opportunity in terms of content acquisition?
Theodore Sarandos: It's pretty short-term opportunistic. They said there will be some things. Reed mentioned Enola Holmes is one that we bought that would've gone theatrical, that turned out to be a nice hit for us, and then we just released The Trial of the Chicago 7 that we picked up from Paramount under similar conditions, which is great. But you have to remember, we have a very healthy pipeline of films coming out already and the rest of this year and next and 2022. But we're looking at all of them and we'll be at the table, but I would look at it as a fairly short-term opportunity where the studios refigure how they're going to release films. In different parts of the world, this past week in Japan, theaters reopened with a 100% capacity. So I think they're looking at the impact of that around the world and how long they're going to have to make new plans and what are they going to do with their 2021 and 2022 films if they are sitting on their 2020 films. So I do think there'll be some short opportunities. We'll pick up some, not all, but we'll certainly be in the mix.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. And in terms of some of these newer opportunities, is this also potentially a way for new business models to open up? I mean, there's also been a lot of experimentation by the likes of Disney on the PVOD side as well as releasing some of their movies directly to consumers on streaming. But in light music, we've seen a lot more of this as well. So do some of these opportunities during COVID also open up potentially new avenues for monetization from your perspective as well?
Theodore Sarandos: Look, I think what's been happening with consumers desire to see films at home has been growing and we've been satisfying it. And I think there was kind of a natural migration that was already happening that this may have accelerated in some dimensions. But I think at some point theaters are going to reopen and people are going to go back out to the theaters. I hope so. Like I said, I'm a fan of doing it myself and I do think people kind of crave the social interaction to go out and see a film with an audience sometimes. I don't doubt that that's going to come back in some capacities. So I wouldn't look at this being that radical change. I just think it'd be  it's probably an accelerated change that was may have already been in the works.
Spencer Wang: We have time for one more question, Kannan.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. So Spence, I guess, the mandatory free cash flow question that we have to get to, now that you have potentially $2 billion in free cash flow over the course of this year. And obviously, I mean, there's a lot of lumpiness in this just given the cadence of content production, but broadly, when you think about maybe a three-year, four-year kind of horizon, you are getting to a point where cash flow use is going to be more than just about content. How you're thinking about your capital structure as you get closer to those breakeven point? What's the use of cash once you've done free cash flow positive?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. Well, thanks. The free cash flow story is an exciting one for us right now, as you can see the free cash flow profiles improving, obviously this year was a bit short-term with not just improving profitability, but also the reduction in content spend. But as we look forward to 2021 already, we guided to free cash flow negative, free cash flow negative of $1 billion to breakeven, so vastly improved from our peak negative free cash flow in 2019. We're not yet sustainably free cash flow positive or ready to call that, but we're rapidly closing in and then say, given the more than $8 billion of cash on the balance sheet, we are at a point where at least  you could probably pretty safely say that we can self finance our growth without needing to access the capital markets. But we're still obviously based on our guidance probably a couple of years away, at least from sustainably being free cash flow positive. So it's probably a little too early to call our long-term capital allocation approach other than to say that you can trust that we're going to be  we're going to remain disciplined, and we're going to take an approach that we believe will maximize the long-term value for our shareholders. So more to come on that front.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Got it. Thank you so much. Thanks all for the time today. And hopefully, we'll chat again next quarter.
Reed Hastings: The big pictures that you referred to there, next time we get together, we should be over 200 million members completing a year of $34 million all time record free cash flow positive. We've got an amazing content technology and marketing engine humming. So really looking forward to next year.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you so much, Reed.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-17 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2020 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are Co-CEOs, Reed Hastings and Ted Sarandos; COO, Greg Peters; and CFO, Spence Neumann. Our interviewer this quarter is Kannan Venkateshwar from Barclays Capital.  As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. Now let me turn it over to Kannan for his first question.
Q - Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you, Spencer, and you nailed my last name. So congratulations for that.
Spencer Wang: I practiced.
Kannan Venkateshwar: So thanks for having me here. And I guess the best place to start here is Ted and Greg, congratulations on your new role; and Reed, you too, I guess you can relax a little bit more. So maybe we could just start off with your priorities, Ted, and maybe followed by Greg, just in terms of how you see the world evolving, what your priorities are. And of course, we are in the middle of a lot of change, so how you see the world. So maybe you could just start there.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, we should start by saying that the chances that Reed's going to relax a little more are very low, whereas I'm just -- everyone should know that Reed and I have worked together for more than 20 years. He's been an unbelievable role model and source of inspiration for me. We've navigated some of the toughest decisions the company has made over those years, from mailing DVDs around the U.S. to streaming around the world. And my focus is to continue the successful train we've been on for the next 200 million subs around the world. And Greg, I'm thrilled to throw it over to you.
Gregory Peters: Thank you, Ted. From my perspective, when I think about what our future is and I think it's just a tremendous next stage of growth that we will see mostly coming from outside the United States. So think of more and more employees outside the United States, more productions, more operations happening outside the U.S. and hopefully, many, many more members outside the U.S. This is an opportunity to lean in just a little bit more, be proactive and drive a little bit more alignment across those activities where we think alignment will benefit the business and push the optimization of those activities a little bit more.  And Kannan, you might not know, but many years ago now it feels, I was able to spend a couple of years in Japan, launching the service there. And I got a chance to work with the local teams that we were hiring and growing there as well as our global teams to really look at every aspect of the service and try and improve it for our Japanese members and grow our membership base there. So I think of that as sort of like a mini version or a trial or a test out for what I anticipate I'll be doing more in this role.
Spencer Wang: And just as a small little fun fact for our listeners and shareholders who may not know, but Greg actually speaks 5 languages. So I think as we become more global service, that skill set will really benefit the company.
Gregory Peters: Notice how ...
Reed Hastings: Are you talking Java, C++? So you mean like [indiscernible]. How do you find time, Greg, to do all that? It's pretty amazing. We are so excited about the next decade of Netflix growth. We've definitely got a good start, but the opportunity across the next decade is just amazing for us. It's a lot international, as Greg was referring, but I couldn't be more excited about it, and it will be great to have some help as we span the globe, and I'm looking forward to that. And to be totally clear, I'm in for a decade. So let me be really clear on that. I'm in for a decade, okay. And as Co-CEO, it's two of us full time. It's not like a part-time deal. So it's definitely broadening the management team and helping us grow even faster over the next 10 years.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And so maybe, Reed, from your perspective, now that you have a relatively new setup, is there any kind of growth plans maybe that's out of the ordinary that you might be thinking about? I mean is Netflix in the next 10 years the same that -- compared to the Netflix in the last 10 years? So if you could just help us think through what your priorities are potentially now that you're sharing a job with Ted.
Reed Hastings: The three of us have been working together so long. There's essentially no difference next quarter. I mean, Ted's got some increased external stature, and he can put bigger deals together for us, and that's really cool. And Greg will start to spend more time around the world for us. But think of it as much more consistent with the past than different.  And then the beautiful thing about the next 10 years is we've got a good model. We just need to make it better. Every day, we work on making our service better, trying to make it so the billboard on the front of the UI, you could just click it and watch it and just like trust that result and then, of course, having amazing breadth of content, which we've been expanding. A couple of years ago, we only had a premium TV. And now to be really good in movies, to be really good in unscripted, emerging in animation, very strong in local language shows and series, I mean it's just -- it's incredible the expansion that Ted's pulled off over the last 5 years. So think of it as just us doing more of that at higher scale and pleasing more people, so no change in the focus or the execution and preparing for greater scale.
Theodore Sarandos: I feel like we have to make the shows and the films that people love and the stars that they want to spend more time with and being able to launch those brands, whatever your taste is all around the world, is such a monumental job, and I'm just thrilled that we have such a strong team to do it together.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And maybe we could just start with the environment we are in the middle of right now. Things seem to be -- seemed to be opening up but now, it looks like things might go back again a little bit. So when you think about the environment around you, a lot around us has changed, the way we work, the workflows around different organizations. So when you think about your plans for Netflix going forward, how has COVID impacted your plans? In what instances are these planned changes permanent? And can you actually benefit either from a cost perspective or a workflow perspective in some ways that might be here to stay for much longer?
Reed Hastings: Do you want to start, Spence?
Spencer Neumann: Sure. I mean generally, Kannan, it doesn't change too much. I mean what we've learned is that the Internet, as Reed said even last quarter, we know that's a more important part of our lives and that's kind of here to stay, and also that people love film and television shows. So that -- our strategy is just to get better and better every day with that content, with that product, as we talked about. You can see in the business and we can talk about it here at some point. Obviously, we've seen some pull forward in our member growth, if you will, but frankly, our strategy hasn't fundamentally changed. There's things on the margin in terms of things around real estate strategy and how much content we acquire or commission in certain parts of the world. But fundamentally, our strategy remains the same and the growth opportunities as big as ever.
Theodore Sarandos: I could jump in on the production side. I mean it's been remarkable how nimble the teams have been to going from full-blown production to completely shut down to ramping back up all over the world in the space of a few months. I think some of the things, like the safety protocols that we're putting into place around the world, will become a permanent part of production, which is a good thing. I think this time in between the shutdown and ramping back up, the extra time that was spent on scripts and development and preparedness will make the shoots actually more efficient, which I think will stick around.  I think when it comes down to releasing the programming and the content to the world and working with the press on how we do that, we've done this remarkable virtual press junkets with our publicity teams that have put talent in front of the best writers in the world, almost uninterrupted just from their living room instead of a hotel room. And it's been -- the pickup and the efficiency of that, there's been some parts of that, I think, will probably last a long time. The different marketing functions, how you backfill not being able to host a screening, all of those things are being learned. And I think some of those things are going to be appropriate for certain content from today on and -- but I think we'll just be better and smarter, the way that we've come out of many tragic things in our history.
Gregory Peters: And just to pile on to that, I think it's been an opportunity to accelerate things that we were already excited about. One, I think, great example is creating a sort of technical infrastructure that allows distributed content creators, artists, think about visual effects artists, animating artists to be effective when they're at home and collaborate collectively on assets. We think that was in the plans before this all happened. But it's the opportunity to accelerate that and make sure that we're incrementally more effective during this period has been great and we'll learn a bunch from it that I think will serve us quite well as we go back to a more normal working pattern.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And when we look at the first half in terms of the subscriber numbers, obviously, you guys did close to the numbers that all of 2019 did. And so when you think about your guidance in that context, it does seem to embed an expectation of a lot of pull forward of growth. But over this period, we've also seen cord-cutting reach record levels, and that doesn't seem to be slowing down. And some parts of the world, again, seem to be shutting down right now. So if you could just help us think through the framework for growth for the next quarter and the guidance, that would be great.
Spencer Neumann: Sure. Let me take that one. I'll take it. So Kannan, you really nailed it. I mean when we think about the guidance for Q3, we're not thinking about Q3 just in and of itself. We have to look at it in the context of what just happened in Q2. And we just added 10 million members, which is the largest growth we've ever had in a second quarter. And if you look at the -- so we kind of look at the totality across the Q2 and Q3 period. And if we look at that quarterly period, two quarters in a row, the best we've ever done in that period is actually two years ago in 2018, where we grew by 11.5 million members. So if we, this year, deliver on that Q3 guidance, that means we're growing 12.5 million members in that same time period, which is 1 million more than we've ever done, which is we think big growth on top of what was already a very big Q1.  So the nice thing is that those newer members are actually highly engaged. They're sticking around with us actually as well or better than pre-COVID. And our service keeps getting better. So Netflix 2021 is going to be a much better service than Netflix 2020, which gives those newer members and existing members even more reason to stay highly engaged and stick around and also to entice future members to join. So we think that the growth opportunity is as big as ever. There's just that kind of near-term pull forward that you're seeing.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. And when you think about other components of guidance, obviously, what stands out is the margin and the marketing spend as a proportion of revenues is 7%, which is obviously extraordinary new low. So when you think about -- and also the guidance with respect to content being more back-ended next year versus this year, that would suggest that as you go into the second half of this year and first half of next year, your marketing spend should continue to be lower than usual. So first of all, is that the right way to read it? And structurally, does this also mean that the amount you need to spend on marketing as a result of the kind of engagement growth is lower going forward?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, one of the things that's unique about our services, our members spend a lot of time on Netflix every day. So it turns out the best place to talk to them about Netflix is on Netflix. And our investment in time, energy and dollars goes into kind of building the conversation, the zeitgeist, the buzz around our shows and our stars and how do we make sure we amplify that even when you're not on Netflix. But in terms of the march towards less traditional media, we've been on that for some time, meaning that it's just a more efficient, more impactful and more global way to talk to our members is not through always through the most traditional channels. So yes, you're spending less but doing more to attract buzz and attention to our shows, trying to cut through a world where there's a lot of choices.
Spencer Neumann: And maybe the only thing I'd just add is a little bit of what Ted touched on earlier, which is we assume marketing, in general, would be about flat this year, which is still about $2 billion of spend, which is a tremendous amount of spend across our marketing channels. But it does look like it will be lower because of some of those things we're seeing in this kind of new world in terms of more virtual junkets and PR and actually not doing as much awards, marketing and those sorts of things. Now some of that is temporary in nature. Some of that is permanent learnings as to how we can be more effective going forward. But I think you're right that as a result, it's -- most of this is just consistent with our strategic shift, and some of it is some near-term, I guess, cost/benefit from what's happening in the world.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. And so when we think about...
Reed Hastings: We're seeing, Kannan, that the service has just been able to generate amazing viewing. And so as the service gets better and better, we're able to take advantage of that.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Right. And when we think about your margin guidance for next year in that context, you have been improving margins about 300 basis points every year, but it looks like there is incremental opportunity now, but the guidance for next year is consistent more or less with the broader framework. So is that just conservativeness? Or is there something else guiding that as we go into next year?
Reed Hastings: Let's call it tamping down the expectations. This is a great growth opportunity for us. So any revenue upside, we would tend to put into more content for our members, which generates more growth over time. So we've been pretty good about that, which is taking that upside and then converting it into more and more growth through service quality. So that would be the plan.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. And I would just say that we -- to Reed's point, we're always looking to spend strategically and invest strategically in the service. But we did signal that in the very near term, there may be some margin upside this year in 2020, but we're really kind of trying to manage to that multiyear, continuing to increase our margins, which is why I wanted to let folks know that we're, at this point, managing still to another 300 basis points increase next year, which would get us to that 19% margin.
Theodore Sarandos: And worth reiterating in an environment where Netflix 2021 is better than Netflix '20.
Spencer Neumann: Yes.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And so Ted, just to follow up on that comment, when you say it's better in '21 versus '20, are we talking about subscribers? Are we talking about the amount of content? So how should we frame that?
Theodore Sarandos: I'm talking about the forward trajectory of the releasing of the content that's coming your way. I mean think about it right now at a time where most of the world is at a standstill. The rest of this month, you're going to see from Netflix a brand-new series starring Katherine Langford from 13 Reasons Why called Cursed, a big, large-scale movie that kind of reimagines the King Arthur legend. We have a sequel to one of our biggest movies, Kissing Booth 2, the original that kind of birthed the rom-com movement on Netflix with Joey King and Jacob Elordi. We have a new season of Umbrella Academy, one of our most global and most successful series on Netflix that was a big hit for us when it came out in its first season in '19 and go rolling right into a big, high-octane action thriller named Project Power with Jamie Foxx and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.  So it's that kind of ongoing beat of content and programming. Think about this. Last year, we had barely dabbled in competition and reality programming. This quarter alone, with Floor is Lava and Too Hot to Handle, we had two of our biggest hits ever in that -- not just in that genre but in our -- all of our programming. Too Hot to Handle, as a percentage of watching, was as big in Japan as it was in the U.S., which is a wild phenomenon. So that, to me, is all those learnings, they keep compounding and keep compounding and expanding across programming genres that make it a great value for consumers.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. So I guess sticking on that theme for a bit. When we think about the content mix, obviously, that's changed quite a bit over the last few years with reality shows and now animation and so on. So when you think about this particular mix, reality shows do seem to be a better return on investment in some ways because a lot of them have shown up, like Too Hot to Handle is in the top 10 list, was there for some time. So when you think about this mix, is it fair to think about reality shows or maybe documentary programming as being slightly better return and, therefore, the mix is shifting slightly more in favor of that? And is this even a framework that you consider, which is when you invest in something, what the returns are versus the engagement?
Theodore Sarandos: The big motivation to invest in reality and unscripted is not the cost savings of production, but the love that people have for this programming and how important it becomes in people's lives. So if we're trying to be more and more your go-to destination for entertainment, not to ignore an area of programming that kind of dominates broadcast, it would be silly of us. So we've been dabbling in unscripted reality. We kind of got very, very accomplished in the documentary space and then have moved that over and -- to expand that to unscripted. And then now the competition space, which -- this is only our -- it was only our third or fourth show really in the competition space that we've dabbled into. But the motivation really is consumer love for the programming, not the marginal cost savings.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. Got it. And Greg, just to think about the world from a distribution perspective, there's a lot going on right now in terms of disputes, the Peacock and HBO not getting carried on Roku. And of course, they're having problems with Amazon as well. And notably, when you think about this, I mean it almost feels like the legacy cable network MVPD disputes of the past where the aggregators are essentially becoming gatekeepers. How do you see this playing out? And is this a risk in the future for Netflix?
Gregory Peters: First of all, I think it's just really unfortunate when those negotiations between a device manufacturer and an entertainment service provider get to this point where it really impacts consumers and they can't watch the shows that they're thrilled to watch on the device that they have. We've been lucky to be working, investing alongside, collaborating with a wide, wide range of device manufacturing partners around the world and really working together to create better Netflix experiences on those devices. And that's really a very positive model. It's really -- it's a win-win-win, right? It's great for us. We get to reach more of our members with better experiences. It's great for the device manufacturers because those experiences make those devices more valuable, more attractive. And most importantly and ultimately, it's a win for consumers to -- sort of the benefactors of those better experiences.  So we're going to keep investing in that model. We have whole teams that basically do nothing but work to make that whole process better, to make it easier for our manufacturing partners, to ingest the technology that we produce for those better experiences, to think about how do we leverage the qualities and features of the devices that those manufacturers are investing in their side to really show up those benefits. And I think we're hopeful and we expect that, that positive model will be able to continue.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Okay. And then I guess the other model for distribution is just your deals with MVPDs as well as wireless companies, and you have a number of these deals globally. So when you think about mature markets like the U.S. versus the rest of the world, your guidance for next quarter as well as the broader growth framework would suggest that marginally, these become a bit more important than the organic growth channels. So how are you thinking about these wholesale distribution deals? What kind of role do they have going forward? And what's the objective you're trying to solve for when you get into a deal with these guys?
Gregory Peters: Yes. I think you have it right, which is that we think that these will grow in importance, but I think it's also important to note that they remain a relatively small percentage of our total acquisition and really what we call the organic channel. People signing up with us directly is still very much the dominant mode. But we sort of think about the criteria, which we sort of are evaluating these partnerships on 2 fronts. Obviously, we're looking at it as how much growth acceleration, how much membership acceleration do we get by adding a channel like that but then wanting to understand sort of what -- large are the revenue impacts, right? There's some cannibalization. There might be different economics involved. So we want to evaluate that and make sure that we're doing these on a positive revenue basis.  And then the other very important lens is we actually sort of look at it from what's the consumer experience, what's the member experience. And so we're looking at it qualitatively to sort of understanding what that member journey is and working with those partners to make sure that that's as positive, as friction-free as we possibly can. And then we all obviously back it up with the metrics, too, right? So we're looking at engagement and how frequently people use the service, churn characteristics to really make sure that we're delivering a high-quality experience to our members through those channels. And I would say that we're very positive on both of those fronts. And so to your point, we expect to continue to do these deals to expand these deals. We're working with multiple partners both in, to your point, territories that we're sort of further penetrated in, but it's also a great accelerant to territories that we're still in an earlier phase. And so we think both are great places to do that kind of partnership.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And then I guess looking at pricing, which is also slightly linked to the distribution discussion to some extent, but when you think about the pricing algorithm we've come to expect, it's been in that mid-single-digit growth range over time for Netflix. But more recently, I think when you strip out the effect of the price increases, it's trending a little bit lower than that because of some of the newer plans. So when you think about the pricing algorithm, how are you thinking about that going forward? Is it still the same mid-single-digit kind of a growth profile that you're thinking about? Or has that equation changed?
Gregory Peters: Yes. I think it's important to start with just reiterating what we mentioned last time that really, for the last several months, we've been principally focused on just making sure that the service has been there for our members when they turn to us for a moment of escape and entertainment. And so we're very much enthusiastic about being able to serve in that role. And actually, we've invested in making the service more valuable to that period of time, adding more content, adding more service features to that period as well.  But when we look forward, I would say every country is in a different mode. And so we're going to sort of continue to assess a bunch of different factors over time. We'll look at macro factors country by country. We'll also look very closely at -- on our specific metrics, and it's metrics like engagement, like churn. And those are the signals that we have for indicating when we have created more value for our members, so back to your plan. And it's not so much sort of an all priority plan that we have but really more using those signs that we've done a good job at building more value for our members, which indicate to us, hey, it might be time to go back to them and ask them for a little bit more so that we can then invest that further into amazing stories, great content, better product experiences and create even more value for them.
Spencer Wang: And Kannan, just to remind you, we don't narrowly manage towards an ARPU number or an ARPU growth number. Our orientation is really on optimizing for revenue.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Great. And so when we think about the way you manage this whole dynamic on yield, which is revenue maximization, obviously, units are a part of it, pricing is a part of it, but the other important component of this is churn. And that -- and given the scale that you have right now, even small movements in churn can have a massive impact broadly on the entire income statement. And so when you think about churn, given the COVID period and the increase in engagement, is that structurally leading to a better churn performance in cohorts that are potentially newer versus cohorts that came in earlier? If you could just help us think through consumer behavior across this period as engagement has gone up, that would be great.
Gregory Peters: Yes. Spence, do you want to take that one?
Spencer Neumann: Sure, I can start. I mean the short story, Kannan, is that these newer members look very much like the members that are pre-existing members of the business. So it's very broad-based, and you can see that these members are coming in from everywhere in the world, a few million each in APAC and EMEA and U.K. and then a couple of million in Lat Am. They're highly engaged. Actually, the retention across every cohort is as good or better than pre-COVID. So -- and not surprisingly, the -- this membership base, both new and older, loves film and TV content, as we said, and they look pretty similar. But I don't know, Greg or Ted or others, if you'd add to that.
Gregory Peters: I think maybe the one thing other than this sort of big structural engagement change which was sort of really a result of people being in lockdown and quarantine and turning to us for some escape, I would say, to Spence's point, backing up the high-level churn pieces, when we look at other sort of metrics that inform how they're engaging with the service, we see it being very, very similar to members we added pre-COVID.
Reed Hastings: And I was going to say, Kannan, it's a little oversimplified, but I think of it as when someone churns, it's always temporary. They're going to come back. It's just a matter of timing as our service gets better, as maybe their income increases, as the Internet gets faster. So we'd love people to get a taste of Netflix. We hope they stay for 50 years. But if they drop out, we think of it as always temporary and we're going to work hard to improve the service enough that they want to spend money with us.
Theodore Sarandos: It's been interesting to see the evolution of our relationship with that member, where they used to think of us as the place to watch the reruns of the shows that they missed on other networks all the way to now to where they come to us to be their favorite show and now for Friday night at the movies, where you have Netflix premiering the biggest movies in the world on Netflix. So it's an evolving relationship constantly but nothing unique in this subset of folks in terms of their watching and their churn behavior. So it's exciting.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And then I guess when you think about the product itself, one of the big discussion points has been content discovery because there's an enormous amount of content and there are an enormous number of streaming services now. And so we've got to sort through all of that in order to figure out what to watch. So when you think about content discovery, I mean, Greg, I know you run a lot of A/B tests all through the year, you run hundreds of them. So what are the kind of things you're thinking about in terms of improving the experience? You have the top 10 list. How has that done? If you could just give us some sense of how you're sort of looking at that issue.
Gregory Peters: Yes. Well, I'll just -- I'll talk about the top 10 list and then get to the big macro question, which is one of my favorite questions, of course. So thanks for asking that one. But top 10 is an example of a nice, little positive lift in overall engagement. It's not game changing. But more importantly, it actually speaks to what we think is a real member need that some of our members not all have, where they want to know what shows are popular so they can watch those easily and then participate in the broader social conversation that's happening around those shows. But I think it's indicative of the kind of work that we need to go do, right? And I think that we have created literally the most incredible collection of entertainment options that has ever existed available to a consumer at a click of a button. And Ted's team is off producing more and more fantastic content at an accelerating rate. And that is, for our members, simply wonderful. It creates both challenges and opportunities for us as a product team to think about the experiences that we evolve to make the process of choosing and finding a great story in that as delightful and as easy as we possibly can.  And the way we think about it is actually that we have to make almost every aspect of that experience better. And it's not going to be one thing that's going to be sort of like suddenly make a perfect choosing experience. So we have teams that think about exactly how do we pick what titles are perfect for each member, how do we pick those recommendations to make those better every single day, how do we present those titles in a more compelling way, a way that's specific to what we think the member's interest is. We're thinking about how our user experiences work and the features that are included in there. And we want those to adapt and evolve so that they can be responsive to the specific needs of a growing number of members around the world that have growing and diverse needs from our experiences.  So the perhaps sort of unhelpful answer is there's going to be like literally hundreds of things that are going to have to change, but when you aggregate all those changes, they're transformative. And I would invite you to go back and sort of look at a Netflix experience from 5 years ago compared to today, and it's just stunning how much progress we can make through that process. And we are committed to making even more progress sort of in the next 5 years to come to make that wealth of content a joy for our members around the world.
Kannan Venkateshwar: And so Reed, I guess one of the questions that this raises is given the amount of content, I mean a comment that you had made -- I think this was in 2017, was that Ted was not feeling enough when it came to the success rate of shows and he was not feeling much. Do you think you're at a point where there is enough balance in the portfolio of content that you have? Or do you feel like Netflix has to take more risk in terms of the portfolio? Where are we in terms of that mix in content?
Reed Hastings: I feel excellent about the number of big bets that Ted has coming up. I'm privy to stuff that we're doing now that will come out in 2 or 3 years. And it's a little -- amazing, I mean. And some of it will turn out truly great and I'll be so proud of it. So I'm excited that we're taking those risks. And we want to have so many hits that when you come to Netflix, you can just go from hit to hit to hit and never have to think about any of those other services, right? We want to be like your primary, your best friend, the one you turn to. And of course, occasionally, there's Hamilton and you're going to go to someone else's service for an extraordinary film. But for the most part, we want to be the one that just always please you with the convenience, simple and easy choice.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And Ted, from your perspective, when you think about production worldwide, obviously, we are still in a shutdown mode and there are still issues around the world. And while things are getting better in Q3, it seems like there would be some impact to the '21 slate given your comments about it being more back-end-weighted. But then on the other side, you also have content that the studios are not able to release quite quickly, right? So when you think about this, does it make you think about the mix slightly differently? Maybe do we get a bit more movie-heavy initially compared to originals maybe later in the year? And what else can we expect because of the kind of disruption going on right now?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, I mentioned last quarter, one of the benefits of releasing our series all at once is that we work very far ahead of our release cycle. So that's how we're able to continue to release this ongoing steady flow. So even during the shutdown, we're partially shot on a lot of shows. So when we pick them back up, it's not like starting from scratch again. So -- and outside of North America, parts of India and Brazil, we're running pretty much in a normal fashion in terms of our volume around the world, and it's ramping up in different various stages of preproduction. And we've got a couple of shooting days in Los Angeles this week that we're really excited about. Now that's coming back around. So I do think that our ability to keep up with that has a lot to do with our kind of unique offer to the consumer that turned out to be a hidden benefit at a time when things would be shut down.  And the other one was the kind of nimble nature of our creatives who could, on a dime, pick up post-production remotely on shows that we're already running. And as far as film to TV, they both require a lot of prep work, a lot of creative at the beginning, the production and then a big, long post-production cycle very similar in terms of the work cycle. So I don't see us pivoting to that. I do see that there's opportunities. We did a few with the studios to pick up some movies that they were having a hard time releasing. And then we've also picked up a couple of nearly finished seasons of television with a brand-new show called Emily in Paris that we've got coming up later this year with Lily Collins who we really love; and Cobra Kai that we picked up from YouTube, not just the first 2 seasons, but a brand-new, yet-to-air third season that we're finishing right now. And that, by the way, was a show that was super competitive 3 years ago when they brought it to market and we were devastated not to get it for good to start with. So we're excited to have Cobra Kai in the Netflix family.  So there's all kinds of adjustments. Our ability to license and produce, create very long lead and very fast, like you saw us do with the Tiger King finale episode a couple of months ago, I think it's our ability to do all those things that make me really excited to jump out of bed and come to work in Netflix in the morning.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. And when you think about different pieces of content, movies versus TV shows or even within TV shows' different genres, is there any difference in origination versus retention characteristics of different pieces of content? Do movies originate better or retain better versus TV shows? I mean is there anything you can tell us about that?
Theodore Sarandos: Both films and TV can have the same, exact attraction to consumers in terms of what gets them excited, how they behave after, how they retain afterwards, how they tell friends, all those things. A really great experience is what they're looking for. And if -- the chances that they're going to have that are higher on Netflix than anywhere in the world, going to the thing you cited about earlier about having so many great choices to make. But I think a film, when it's usually successful, can be very acquisitive, can be attention, it could be retention-driving and also could be -- bring a lot of joy to our members. And series can do that as well. So it just depends on what you're in the mood for.
Spencer Wang: Kannan, we have time for 1 or 2 more questions.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Sure. So maybe, Spencer, a couple of questions in terms of the guidance and the financials. I mean one of the things that came out was the free cash flow margin was 15%, and your EBITDA -- I mean operating income margin was obviously 22%. So could you just help us bridge the gap? And how do we think about cash flows going forward?
Spencer Wang: Sure. Thanks for noticing the positive free cash flow margin, Kannan. I'd say 2 things explain that variance. Number one is obviously CapEx. So that was about 200 basis points of the difference between the free cash flow margin and the operating margin. The second expense item was interest expense, which obviously falls below operating income but obviously reduces free cash flow. And there, just keep in mind that while we accrue our interest expense quarterly, we pay cash interest primarily semiannually. So you actually have about -- roughly 2 quarters of cash interest expense in Q2.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. I'd just add. That's great, Spencer. And I'd just add to Spencer's point. When you think about cash flow going forward, it was sort of a bit of a unique window into that forward-looking cash generation opportunity or potential for our business because of the pandemic. So we generally are forward-investing into the growth of our business and into content. So our content cash spend is in excess of our content expense in a given year. But because of the pause in productions, you can see that basically, that cash spend and expense in content were the same this quarter, essentially at a 1:1 ratio. And as a result -- as we said in the letter, resulted in a 15% cash flow -- free cash flow margin. Going forward, we do expect to turn cash flow negative again in 2021 and as our business and our production ramps up, but we're still on that multiyear path to being cash flow positive. And when we are sustaining cash flow positive, we expect to be a much bigger and more profitable business. So hopefully, that 15% cash flow margin is just the start.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. So I guess since we have time for maybe one last question, we could just think about the world going forward, longer term. Reed, from your perspective, a lot of the franchises that are getting created in today's world seem to be coming from the video gaming side. A lot of shows that you have, which have been very successful, have been from that side. And obviously, some of your shows have become video games in some instances. So when you think about the -- and even the interactivity of some of your shows makes them feel like video games. So when you think about the way the world is evolving, it just seems like these 2 sides of the world are starting to converge to some extent, both in terms of the kind of content as well as the experiences. So why not think about video games as an extension of where Netflix is today? If you could just help us think through that framework and how you consider that going forward.
Reed Hastings: Sure. If you'll think about franchise IP development and Harry Potter and then these hundreds of enormous franchises that come out of full-length books, then there's Marvel and our own, The Old Guard, that come out of a comic book world, and then there might be a few coming out of video games but that's like pretty small. So really, think of it as the big franchises have come out of books and comic books. Now video games, a great and interesting area, it's got a number of aspects in terms of multiplayer that are changing, e-sports that are changing, PC-based gaming. So it remains a very interesting area. But Ted's got big plans to spend future billions in our movies, in series, in animation. And so we've got lots of places to put the money, and we're definitely focused on creating franchises. And maybe, Ted, in your Co-CEO role, maybe you can wrap us up here with final comments and about building franchises.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Look, I think franchise is the active, successfully -- successful world-building. And video games obviously have world-building aspect to them, but so do books and so do graphic novels and so do comic books and so does original IP. And really, this is a matter of how well it's executed. We were really unbelievably encouraged by the first attempt at it here with The Old Guard, which is kind of a new flavor of that kind of storytelling that I think has got a world and stories to be told for some time to come. I look to other things that were more original IP, like La Casa de Papel, which in this quarter, La Casa de Papel was the most watched new season of television on Netflix, hard stop, not just non-English, English. And that's in its fourth season, and it's become an incredible world that we're going to keep building on and keep building on. So IP is a great place to start, but it's -- like everything else in the world, it's hugely execution-dependent. And if you do it well, people want to come back for more. And you don't disappoint them. You can keep doing it. So we're really thrilled about it and thrilled about doing it from a variety of sources.
Kannan Venkateshwar: That's great. Thank you all. Thank you.
Spencer Wang: Thanks, Kannan.
Kannan Venkateshwar: Thank you.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q1 2020 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, Spence Neumann; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our Interviewer this quarter is Mike Morris from Guggenheim.  As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary.  With that, let me turn it over to Mike for his first question.
Q - Michael Morris: Thank you, Spencer, and good afternoon. Glad to see you all safe and healthy and take this opportunity to extend my best wishes to our viewers. Your letter had a lot of detail about the impact of the environment, but I'd like to hear directly from you some key thoughts, and then we can dig in more deeply into a few topics. So if we'd just start with the impact of COVID, the changing consumer behavior. Reed, your thoughts on both the sort of sustained, strategic impact of the change and change of behavior. And then maybe for each of you, if you could highlight the most significant thing that's changed for you, how you're thinking about permanence or how to work through that in the coming weeks and months.
Reed Hastings: Sure, Mike. I mean it's an incredible tragedy for the world. Everyone is wrestling with the implications, both on health, on hunger, poverty. And we, too, are really unsure of what the future brings. It's super hard to say if there's strategic long-term implications because we've just been scrambling to keep our servers running well, keep the content, get our postproduction done. Our small contribution in these difficult times is to make home confinement a little more bearable. And where you take that seriously, we're working super hard on that. And in a couple of months, we'll all be able to grapple with the long-term implications. But right now, we're just focused on getting our content out, getting it dubbed, and I'll let the other team members talk.
Michael Morris: Sure. I don't know if -- maybe we'll go to Greg first and then to Ted, just hear your high-level thoughts, please?
Greg Peters: Yes. It's been humbling to be a place that people around the world in a time like this turn to for some entertainment for escape. And I think just reiterating what Reed was saying, our real focus at this point in time has just been to keep our service operating at as high a quality as possible and available when our members need us and turn to us.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Echoing the same, which is the -- what's been really amazing is the role that Netflix has played in all of this, which is to keep people connected. Keep people -- some people around the world who are incredibly lonely connected through storytelling on Netflix, certainly a distraction and certainly a big source of entertainment when youre stuck at home. So it's really a tough work, mostly getting a lot of folks doing work they've never done before from places they've never done it before. So our productions, our postproductions, our offices are now distributed into people's living rooms and bedrooms and kitchens around the world. And it's just an incredible testimony to the innovation that within a few -- literally within a few hours, but within -- certainly within a few days of the shutdowns, we had production up and running remotely, postproduction up and running remotely, animation up and running remotely, pitch meetings happening virtually, writers' rooms assembling virtually. It's been really a remarkable thing to watch the creative community come together to entertain the world through Netflix.
Michael Morris: Great. And Spencer, from the financial side, anything significant right now, that's top of mind for you relative to where we were this time last quarter?
Spencer Neumann: Yes. I think I'd echo what Reed and Greg and Ted said, in that so much of what we're focused on right now is just taking care of our business, ensuring that it runs smoothly, being fortunate that it is running smoothly and making sure as best we can that our employees and production crews are safe and healthy and taken care of. So that's been our primary focus. I think the long term is impossible to predict in terms of what this -- what the impact of this to our business, but we suspect that the long-term trends we've sort of talked about for many quarters now in terms of the shift from linear to streaming on-demand entertainment is consistent. So there may be some timing impacts here. But overall, that long-term trend is really unchanged.  So what we're really trying to do is, as Ted and others said, is trying to make something that looks relatively easy and smooth operating. But in reality, it's a really hard work for a lot of folks, thousands of employees and a lot of challenges throughout our company that we're doing our best to do that well for our members and for our community.
Spencer Wang: And for me, Mike, speaking specifically for the finance department, I'd say we're just trying to work hard to really support the other business units like Ted's organization, Greg's organization, the marketing team, to get through this process as easily as possible.
Michael Morris: And understanding that it's very difficult to predict what's going to happen. I am curious, Reed, if you could share anything that you look at as sort of key indicators externally as you try to plan for the business going forward. And also, I'm curious if there are any internal data points given that you do have that relationship with your consumers that could help you with the planning process and how to progress from here.
Reed Hastings: I think have a planning model, you have to have a model of COVID and when are certain treatments coming online, how broadly are they distributed, when are vaccines coming online, how quickly can they be manufactured. And we don't know any more than anybody else on those big elements, and that is the most significant aspect. So think about it as we're in the same uncertainty that everyone else is.  The things we are certain of is the Internet is growing. It's a bigger part of people's lives, thankfully. And people want entertainment. They want to be able to escape and connect, whether times are difficult or joyous. That's pulling up. We've had an increase in subscriber growth in March. It's essentially a pull forward of the rest of the year. So our guess is that subs will be light in Q3 and Q4 relative to prior years because of that. But we don't use the words guess and guesswork lightly. We use them because it's a bunch of us feeling the wind, and it's hard to say. But again, will Internet entertainment be more and more important over the next 5 years? Nothing has changed in that.
Michael Morris: Great. So we have had a number of questions about the member growth and the topic of pull forward that you just referenced, Reed. And I guess to the extent we could understand anything about the composition of that influx of subscribers that came, or we can see the geographic split, which is of course very helpful, and I think there's a pretty fair conclusion that I'd be interested and you're sort of addressing, which is that clearly the hardest hit markets by COVID were those that saw the greatest change in subscribers. Beyond that, I'm curious if you could talk at all about the sort of composition, even in the UCAN region, of whether it's a multiperson households or whether it's a different income strata or anything like that, that you feel that could give some insight into who's part of that ramp in members.
Reed Hastings: Sure. It's really more of the same. There's nothing that separates the people just joining from anybody else. And then our job is to do the same things we've been doing to retain them, that is have incredible shows, make it very easy to choose, help the recommendations, all the things we do that make the experience so wonderful. So again, in terms of usage, in terms of viewing patterns, it's all pretty consistent with the families that have been members for a long or short time.
Michael Morris: And there are some questions on the pricing side that, well, sort of predate this, right? This is all intertwined at this point. But we have lapped or we're getting close to lapping some of the significant prices you did, especially in the U.S. market last year. We had subscriber impact. So I guess I'll put this question to Greg, but also more broadly, number one, how do you feel, in the absence of the COVID situation, with the way that process played out? I know we saw some elevated churn. How was that progressing? And if you look at the sort of end result, are there things that you would have tweaked about it? And then I think there's a follow-up question just about the economic sensitivity perhaps going forward, but let's just start with that pricing question.
Greg Peters: Yes. I would say just one comment, which is in January and February, we were seeing in UCAN a return to pretty much normal pre-price change churn levels. But really, at this point, we're not even thinking about price increases. Obviously, what's going on around the world is dominating our thoughts and our considerations. And we just want to stay super focused at this point in time, making sure that we're continuing to be there, have a great service, make sure that we're able to provide entertainment and escape for our members around the world. So we'll really just focus on that for this period.
Michael Morris: This has the potential to be the first time we've seen a more significant global economic impact, similar to what we saw 12 years ago perhaps. I'm not an economist per se, but there is some sensitivity there. And I guess my question is, when you think about pricing and pricing levers and packages, how do you think about approaching perhaps a weaker global consumer spend environment? Where do you see your price point and your value proposition as very attractive in a potentially softer consumer environment?
Greg Peters: Spencer, do you want to take that one?
Spencer Neumann: I mean it really builds on what Greg said. Right now, we're really not thinking about -- it's not really a time for us to be thinking about price changes. So when we think about recessionary impact, it's so hard to -- Reed even said it. I mean this is a little bit of guesswork right now in terms of what the future looks like. Obviously, past recessions, folks tend to spend more time at home and with home entertainment. It's why they watch their budget in those times, and pay-TV over decades has been more resilient and a bit countercyclical in that way. And even Netflix in recent history has been more resilient. But this is very different. We haven't lived through anything like this. So it's so hard to tell. And the one thing we can control, which we talk about here, is we can control the quality of the service that we provide to our members. And so we're just -- we're really just prioritizing that, number one, is improving the product, improving the content, making sure we have a steady stream of titles. And we don't take it for granted that we are providing this entertainment in people's homes and they're choosing us. We want to lead with that value. And we have price points that start at $9 in the U.S., as you know, and in other parts of the world as low as $3 for mobile. So we're focused on maintaining that accessibility, but really delivering value. 
Michael Morris: That's a good segue on the content side into some of the things that are happening on the pipeline. You spoke -- Ted, you gave us a little bit of an overview. You also spoke in the letter, but maybe can you talk about how the production stoppage will impact the release schedule? Let's just start that. And within that is how much content is in the pipeline? That's a lot of the question, and how you might strategize spacing that or not spacing that in the future.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. Well, the one thing that's maybe not widely understood is we work really far out relative to the industry because we launch our shows all episodes at once. And we're working far out all over the world. So our 2020 slate of series and films are largely shot and are in postproduction remotely in locations all over the world. So -- and we're actually pretty deep into our 2021 slate. So we're not -- we aren't anticipating any moving -- moving things around. And to give you some examples, The Crown, in its fourth season; our big fourth quarter animated release, Over the Moon. These are shot productions in our -- in the finishing stages right now to release later this year as planned. So we don't anticipate moving the schedule around much and certainly not in 2020.
Michael Morris: Okay. I think that answers this question, but we did have it come back up. I asked it a couple of quarters ago, whether this impacts your interest in revisiting perhaps a more spacing of releases versus a pretty consistent stacked-at-once strategy that you've employed so far here?
Ted Sarandos: You mean the episode spacing?
Michael Morris: Correct.
Ted Sarandos: We've experimented and we continue to experiment with all kinds of different release strategies. And our -- by way of example, on our competition shows, we had an enormous success last quarter with Love is Blind with staggered release. And then we just released Too Hot to Handle, which are on track to be probably our biggest competition show ever, and it was released all at once. So I think it's -- consumers, I think, are -- we're trying to -- we believe that consumers like the control of all-at-once, and they could watch at their own pace. But we keep testing it to see how people -- if it impacts the viewing one way or another or, more importantly, the satisfaction one way or another. And customers have spoken loud and clear that they really like the options of the all-at-once model for us. So I don't see us moving away from that meaningfully.
Michael Morris: And so the process of getting back to production -- it's very helpful to understand what your pipeline looks like right now. What are some of the key milestones in getting back to production? And the different genres or different sort of intensities of productions, are they going to vary as we look forward?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. It will vary by geography. It will vary by type of production certainly. First and foremost, we want to make sure that it is an unbelievably safe working environment. We've always been focused on workplace safety on our sets and our offices, and we definitely want to -- we will definitely keep focused on that. A series of things have to happen before we get into production anywhere, including the kind of the shelter-at-home orders being relaxed. But even in that environment, we're going to make sure that there's testing that has to be able to be done. We have to be able to look our employees and our cast and crews in the eye and say that this is a safe place to work before we do that. And we're going to be working very closely with our production partners, with local governments to make sure that we can do that.  We're currently in production in Iceland and in Korea, and we're taking some of those key learnings about how we run those productions today and applying that to our plans to start our productions around the world.
Michael Morris: Any specific highlights of those two markets that you could share?
Ted Sarandos: Not, not very much. It's very fluid. So we're just taking -- we're taking the learnings as learnings and on face value now and seeing how they scale out. But it's very important, those are two countries that were very aggressive about testing and tracking early. So I think it probably lays out a good framework for future rollouts.
Michael Morris: Okay. I definitely want to talk about unscripted, which is a big story in the quarter. But before we do, Spence, I want to ask you about the financial implications of what's going on with the production process right now, how to think about sort of the cash flow. You talked about it in the letter, but maybe if you could lay that out for us a bit. And then also, if -- the amortization schedule, does that change at all as a result of more viewing and more consumption? Or should we think of that as a pretty consistent process?
Spencer Neumann: Sure. So in terms of cash flow, first, as you saw, we are positive free cash flow in the quarter. That wasn't COVID-related. To be clear, I mean, we would have been positive free cash flow without the recent COVID events. So there was some cushioning of spend in Q1, but most of what we talk about in terms of the impact of kind of slower kind of cash spend in the year, some push content spending is really kind of a full year impact than a Q1 impact. When we think about the full year, there is -- as you've heard, because of paused productions, there's going to be some pushing of that spend. It's -- we talked about the fact that we planned previously to have about negative $2.5 billion of free cash flow in the year. And now we've said it's less than $1 billion. So you can do the math on that. But I think it's important to highlight that on a roughly $15 billion cash content spend, that's a minority of our spend. It's also a minority of our titles, a small minority of our titles that's pushing. So we'll actually have more branded Netflix Originals on our service this year than we had last year, even with what's planned for push spend.  So we will be, obviously, a much improved free cash flow profile this year. As productions ramp, that cash spend will increase again. So as we talked about in the letter, it's still a multiyear path to sustained free cash flow positive. It's just going to be a little bit choppier getting there. And 2019 will still be our maximum negative year.
Michael Morris: That's very helpful. So Ted, coming back to the topic of unscripted, we've talked about film a lot over the last several years actually, and that's been really the key incremental topic. But unscripted hit a huge stride here, I think, at least in the public view. So Tiger King, can I just first ask about that? I mean were you surprised by the public reception of Tiger King? Like at what point did you know that, that was the hit that it ended up being?
Ted Sarandos: We've had a lot of kind of buzzy unscripted and nonfiction shows on Netflix. And they feel like it's kind of building on the heat that started way back with, no pun intended, with the Fyre documentary that kind of exploded at the level that we've seen with Tiger King. And we knew kind of right out of the gate, and you could feel it in the social media excitement. And it turned out just to be such an unbelievably well-timed distraction for what was happening in the world that gave some -- people something to talk about that wasn't necessarily in the headlines, which was really great. And I think that team has just been exceptional at tapping into the zeitgeist and coming -- and making shows like Tiger King.
Michael Morris: And as you look at where you've kind of cut through the clutter, I think, really, really excel, we've had these competition shows, as you refer to them, we've had some of these true crime shows. I think those are 2 of the areas that really kind of stand out in people's minds.
Ted Sarandos: Underhand most recently and the true crime space was phenomenal as well, yes.
Michael Morris: Exactly. Are there other -- as you think about that progress, there are other -- when you think about unscripted, there is some actual breadth to the type -- the different genres, subgenres within there. Are there other areas that you feel that are important to push into? I don't know if there's like more lifestyle, travel, those types of things. There's sports, and I want to talk about The Last Dance in a moment. But how are you thinking about sort of the breadth of push into that area?
Ted Sarandos: Our goal is that we want to make your favorite show. For some people, that's high -- that's big pedigree drama. And for other people, that's home improvement shows. And we want to make your favorite version of that. So we've been pushing out into each of those verticals beyond the true crime space and the competition space. We've done cooking shows like with Nailed It and Chef's Table, and we're now pushing into more of the kind of into the home improvement and real estate space, which is also quite popular with our members, and continue to push out that as well.  So I think you should think about the full complement of unscripted programming as we keep expanding into it. And similarly, how we pushed out into film and previously into animated series and animated feature film as well, just as a continuing expansion of trying to get to your favorite show. And if your house is anything like mine, it is not the same show for any two people, let alone, the whole world. So it does keep us on our toes, and it keeps it kind of a -- we kind of feel like we're in a state of perpetual improvement in each of these new content areas, and we've been really happy with the progress.
Michael Morris: Okay. I want to ask you about The Last Dance, which is Michael Jordan, Chicago Bulls documentary that came out on ESPN over the weekend, started with the first two episodes, very well received from a linear ratings perspective. I know it's something that you have partnered or have partnered with them on. So can you remind us what your relationship is there in terms of ownership and rights? And kind of how you think about -- I think that, that was established several years ago when perhaps your business models were a bit more complementary versus competitive. So maybe you can address that as well.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. There's still -- it was the -- Michael Jordan and the creative team behind the film were very excited for it to have Netflix involved in it and encouraged ESPN to open those conversations up with us, which we were happy to do. ESPN has been a great partner on this project. We've been working on it for years. In fact, it was 2 years ago at the All-Star Game that Jimmy and I got up with Adam Silver and introduced the first look at the doc together. And so they premiered the film over the weekend on ESPN, and we premiered the film on Netflix, the same 2 episodes. And we similarly saw enormous viewing around the world on the first 2 episodes of The Last Dance. So it's been a win-win for us and ESPN and a great win for basketball fans who've been very hungry for new programming. And the show, the doc itself is just phenomenal. And because of the unique connection between the NBA and ESPN and the complexity of the rights and the footage, it would have been very difficult for either of us to do without each other.
Michael Morris: Okay. A question for either Greg or you, Ted, with respect to the top 10 list, which really kind of took hold this quarter. And how -- again, I know everything is a little bit upside down because of circumstances, but how impactful or influential do you think that has been in sort of keeping members on board, keeping members streaming and that sort of thing? Can you talk about that?
Ted Sarandos: Look, I feel like we're constantly trying to help people find things they're going to love. Greg and his team do an amazing job doing that on the site. One of the things that people use as -- to pick what to watch is popularity. We don't think it's the only thing, and we don't -- and we give them lots of tools to choose with. But one of them is popularity. So it's very helpful for people to want to be part of the conversation or part of the zeitgeist, again, with what are the things that other people are watching and using that as a thing to help them make decisions. So we looked at it, the top 10 list, as adding a new decision-making tool for people who are looking for something great to watch. And Greg, would you add anything?
Greg Peters: I think that covers it well. I mean just it's -- some folks are very, very interested in being part of that social conversation that happens around these titles. And this is just a really nice shortcut to help people choose what to watch based on what's buzzing in the social conversation.
Michael Morris: Okay. A couple more on content, just it's such a huge focus, and I'll throw that to either Reed or Ted here, and that's really about how you're viewing third-party content, where clearly we had seen a shift, as you've been very clear about, in terms of your focus on your owned content versus license. But in the current environment, there are a number of factors that could perhaps play into that dynamic changing, right? One being the ability to acquire more content if production is shut down on a prolonged period. Also, some of the studio companies perhaps are struggling themselves under the same circumstances and would be more willing to be sellers of content. I'm curious if you could talk about what you're seeing in that environment and whether your view there has changed at all.
Ted Sarandos: Well, actually, one of the things you mentioned in the top 10, which kind of gives you the first kind of snapshot into how prevalent our original-branded programming has become on Netflix, and so that's continuing to push into that, both because we believe that our core suppliers will increasingly become competitors and not be as anxious to sell us content as they used to be long term. But to your point, there are some things in the short-term dynamics. But when we look at that and look at our 2020 and our 2021 slate, and we're really happy and thrilled with it. And we can look to work with some of our partners to enhance that a little bit with things like, we put in the letter, licensing Lovebirds and Enola Holmes and this big film from Korea called Time to Hunt, that's coming out this week. That we're -- so we've been able to do that and enhance that in the short term. In the long term, we think our push into the programming that people love is what we're trying to do, and we're trying to make that more frequently than we buy it. And so that's kind of an ongoing trajectory towards owned original. But at the same time, we're still doing a lot of license -- third-party licensing, which you see pop up in the top 10 list, things this week, like the Green Hornet, Despicable Me, both pop up in the U.S. top 10 list.
Michael Morris: And my last question on this has to do with the feature film side, especially given the disruption in the theatrical part of the business. At the risk of something opportunistic on the situation, but still understanding that there has been a secular shift in terms of people's behavior, is this something you can lean into a bit more in terms of your own spending and investment in films, just given that this might accelerate that consumer behavior and just sort of capital flow?
Ted Sarandos: Just to reiterate, Mike, we're really thrilled with our slate in this year. So what's the things that are coming up, we're looking at them, every one of them, but we're looking at it with the same discipline that we do all of our other licensing and original opportunities.
Michael Morris: Okay. Great. I want to talk a bit about some of the product and distribution strategy. And Greg, a couple of changes, I believe, took place in the quarter having to do with both free trials in particular markets, how you're onboarding folks and maybe reducing the number of markets you have free trials available, and also your mobile plan, which I think expanded to a couple of new markets during the quarter as well. So can you talk about both of those decisions? And again, trying to isolate maybe the core trend versus the COVID-driven trend, if that's at all possible, to understand how that's impacting the business.
Greg Peters: Sure. On your first point, we have a whole range of marketing promotions that we sort of use in different ways, in different countries, in different times. And like most things we do on the service, we're constantly trying to improve those and figure out new and better ways to introduce the service to new members, to give them an easy on-ramp. And we're just going to continue to seek to test and refine and improve that range of sort of promotional strategies.  And then on mobile, it's a plan that we've tested for a while. We've rolled it out now in a bunch of countries, India, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines. And it's consistent with sort of this broad theme and a broad goal that we have, which is we're seeking effective ways to make the Netflix service more accessible to more and more people around the world. And it certainly has been performing the way that we've sort of seen and expected, which is that it is a significant increase and acceleration and being able to add new members, which is great. But also that it's doing it at a way which is, from a revenue perspective, neutral to positive, which we think is a really great position to be in the long term for the business.
Michael Morris: You referenced India. We talked about that a bit on every call because of the size of the market, of course. And I guess 2 questions there was just, one, can you speak at all about whether that market has behaved perhaps typically, if you will, and -- with respect to the unique situation we're in right now? And then secondly, Disney+ did launch in the market, and their partnership with Hotstar clearly gave them a great advantage in ramping the business. Can you talk about the competition there with that service and their ability to partner with a service that's already established, has a live offering? How does that competitive dynamic play out for you?
Greg Peters: Yes. I would say, first of all, I wouldn't draw any strong contrast between India and other countries around the world. So fairly similar in that regard. And we have been working really, really hard to do a lot to try and make our offering in India more competitive, more attractive to members and members-to-be, and there's a bunch of different product features we've been doing, partnerships and payments integrations. And obviously, this mobile plan is a recent one. And I think, Ted, I'll throw to you too on a bunch of work we've been doing on the content side there as well.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. We've been -- we've seen big growth in viewing in India and have had great success on our local originals there as well, most recently with She and Guilty and a few others, that have really been driving a lot of engagement in local content on our India service. And they also are big fans of our global original content. La Casa de Papel was a huge hit in India for us as well as most of our other originals out of the U.S. So we're growing the business, licensed, original, international, domestic, across the board in terms of content and content taste.
Spencer Wang: Mike, we have time for 1 or 2 more questions, please.
Spencer Neumann: Okay. Let's hit two more questions then. I'd like to go back to the topic of competition, which has clearly taken a backseat during this quarter. But I do want to bring it back up again, I think it's important. So I'd direct it to Reed, a fairly open-ended question, right, but this concept of streaming wars, is at all-time high intensity, especially in the U.S. But what have you learned sort of over the last 3 to 6 months, if anything, and perhaps it's as you expected, but -- and what would you point to, if anything, that should be more evident to investors and the public about how this process of migration to streaming consumption is playing out?
Reed Hastings: Yes. I've been so impressed with the Disney+ execution. Over 20 years of watching different businesses, incumbents, like Blockbuster and Walmart and all these companies, I've never seen such a good execution of the incumbent learning the new way and mastering it. And then to have them achieve over 50 million in 6 months, it's stunning. So to see both the execution and the numbers line up, my hats off to them. Are we taking up our kids and family content and animation? You bet. And we're both going to do great work. But it's awesome to see. We have a bunch of -- so I would say the lesson out of that is great execution, clarity around brand and focus really makes a difference. And then there's a bunch more services coming to market. I think it's great, obviously, for the consumer to be able to have all these options. There's nothing we can do about any of them nor about video gaming nor about YouTube or any of the other competitors for time. So what we do is just try to figure out how do we have the best service we can kind of steady every day, solid execution, and then we'll get part of consumers' viewing. No one's going to get it all. And it's working out very well for us. So honestly, internally, we mostly say don't focus on the competitors, focus on our service, how do we make it better and better. And that served us very well.
Michael Morris: Great. So let's wrap it up, as I'd like to do, asking each of you a question. At this time, I really want to focus on the content coming out given that many of us are doing a lot more streaming, and we always love recommendations. So we're going to come to the fore, and so I'd like up to 2 recommendations, one would be something new coming out. I'd love to hear what you are most excited to seeing and having me and the rest of the world see that we haven't seen yet. And the second would be something already on the service that you've really enjoyed that maybe hasn't quite hit that popularity graphs that you think it deserves that we should be diving back into. So I'll start with Spencer, as I'd like to do, and then Spence, you've been grandfathered into going second.
Spencer Wang: Awesome. Well, I would say for me, I'll take 2 shots at this. Number one, I've had a chance to get an early preview of Extraction, which is our new action film coming out later this week with Chris Hemsworth, and I think it really delivers for people who love that genre, super exciting with great action sequences. Number two, I will say, I have really enjoyed the first 3 episodes of Too Hot to Handle. So that would be my second recommendation.
Spencer Neumann: Oh, boy. Okay. Me next. Let's see. So I will say in terms of things that I've watched recently, I thought Unorthodox was a terrific story and one that I really enjoyed and just shed light on a whole kind of culture that I didn't really have a whole lot of visibility into. So thought that was a real treat and special. And I'd say, in terms of things I'm looking forward to, there's a whole bunch. I just started watching #blackAF, which I just think is just brilliant and fresh and new. And then I'm really looking forward to the end of the year with things like Over the Moon and just the next big chapter in our kind of animation journey.
Reed Hastings: Well, this shows why Spence and I get along so well, is Unorthodox and #blackAF were also my picks. But an obscure little one is our Indian film Yeh Ballet, that's just a great little film with some street dancers at Mumbai trying to make it into the world of ballet.
Ted Sarandos: I can't allow you to hold me to two. It has all kinds of relationship implications if I pick two. So I'm going to give you a longish list since people are looking for things to watch of things that are coming up in the quarter. Spence mentioned Extraction. It's a phenomenal action movie with Chris Hemsworth. The writer, director, producing, stunt coordination team from the Avengers movies and Deadpool 2 and -- have come together with this move, that really, really delivers. This week, we have a big animated feature for the whole family called The Willoughbys. We have a movie for Adam Sandler's production company called The Wrong Missy coming up, starring David Spade. It's really fun. The big Korean movie called Time to Hunt; and then Greg Daniels', from The Office, new show, Space Force with Steve Carell; the second season of After Life; the second season of Dead to Me; new season of 13 Reasons Why; a third season of Dark from Germany; the finale of Cable Girls from Spain; and Ghost in the Shell from Japan, a new anime series launching next week.
Spencer Neumann: Greg, good luck having anything to talk about.
Greg Peters: Yes. I mean you guys have stolen everything. I would say I'll just double it on -- I'm super excited about Extraction. Ghost in the Shell, amazing definitely that for lovers of anime, you got to check that out. And then I would say Unorthodox, I was blown away by just an incredible story. And the one that hasn't been mentioned, which is certainly known, but I was, again, just really impressive storytelling is Ozark, and man, that last episode, wow. I don't even know what to say.
Ted Sarandos: And if you're thinking of 1 tonight, Outer Banks is -- as you see how it's tearing up the top 10 list, it's a nice breakout this quarter.
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Mike, for doing this from your home and look forward to talking with all of you investors over the quarter. Thank you very much.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 18:00:00) =====
Operator:
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q4, 2019 Earnings interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today, our CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, Spence Neumann; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Mike Morris, Guggenheim. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary.  With that, let me turn it over to Mike now for his first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
MikeMorris: Great. Thank you, Spencer and good afternoon. Before we dive into some of the details we provided in this quarters letter. I'd love to have Reed provide some strategic thoughts as we head into the New Year, the new decade. Perhaps we can start with just what were the most important strategic accomplishments in your mind of 2019? And as you look forward what do you hope to accomplish this year?
ReedHastings: We've had the same strategy basically for 20 years which has pleased our members and they helped us grow. Ad we've done that in a variety of ways. Of course, initially just with DVD-by-mail then the combination. And if you look at what we've done in expanding film and making that a really strong aspect of Netflix. We've had a lot of continuous progress. But the same strategy we've always done how do we learn? How to please our members? Whether that's on the product side, marketing side or content side. And the next decade we anticipate the same. How do we use the great resources that we have to do even better? 
MikeMorris: Now let's talk a little bit about some of the key specifics from the letter today. The first, of course, is the guidance on your member growth for the coming quarter. You have a very strong fourth quarter compared to your guide. The first quarter is lighter than it was in the prior year. You talked about some of the potential for timing between the first and second quarter. I think the key question on investors' minds is how to think about the full year. 2019 looked very similar to 2018 with the strong fourth quarter. How should we think about the coming year in that regard?
SpencerNeumann: You want me to take this one? 
ReedHastings: Sure. 
SpencerNeumann: I'll take this one, Mike. So and first, I just say, Mike, our opportunity, we view our opportunity are long-term opportunity, is big and unchanged. So we should be clear about that. We're not providing full-year guidance but when you think about Q1, again it's comping off of the all-time biggest quarter we've ever had in Q1 of last year. We guided to 7 million paid net adds in 2020. So when you look at that Q1, 2020 number of 7 million that's still big growth. That's-- we've only had four quarters in our history where we've grown more than 7 million in paid net adds. And the number specifically it reflects, first, there's primarily a US story there and that we've -- we have seen and we talked about in the letter. Some elevated churn in the US from combination of pricing and competition. We've -- we can roll that through into Q1 including a full quarter of competition in Q1 versus a partial quarter in Q4. We also anticipate that competition rolling out globally throughout the year. So we're trying to be prudent of thinking about that impact throughout the business. And then we talked about as well as when we think about the seasonality, the arc between Q1 and Q2, the first half of the year, we think it's likely to be more balanced because of the timing of the price it changes. We took that rolled through Q2 of 2019. So we think that our seasonality is going to look more like 2018 and 2019 when you think about the first half of the year.
MikeMorris: Okay. When we talk about competition, you've mentioned churn a couple of times with respect to the potential impact. Can you talk about competition on both gross adds and engagement as well? Especially on engagement. I know it's early but clearly the Disney Plus product is a -- has a very heavy kids and family focus to it. Have you seen any specific engagement change on your content in that genre?
ReedHastings: Sure. Well, I'll jump and others can, we actually alluded to this in the letter, Mike. The great thing is, first off, we're growing in Q4 including in the US even with some of those noise from competitive launches. And ultimately what drives our business is increasing member satisfaction and viewing. And what you also see in the US what we saw across the board is that our viewing, our per membership viewing grew not just globally but in the US through Q4 and continues. So that bodes well for our long-term opportunity as long as we keep getting better.
SpencerNeumann: And, Mike, thinking with the Disney product, Disney Plus has a lot of great catalog product and one big new show Mandalorian. And it primarily is going to take away from linear TV and takes away a little bit from us. But again most of the growth in the future is coming out of linear TV.
ReedHastings: It draws down by a variety people because they were so broadly distributed prior to the launch.
MikeMorris: Okay. And I guess the last thing on this particular topic is the behavior outside the US as compared to the inside. Clearly within the US, a more mature market and that's where the products were primarily focused in the fourth quarter, their launches. We do have some more expanded international rollout particularly Disney talked about or announced a broader European rollout at the end of the first quarter. Any thoughts specific to that? Is that factored in? Is it one of many things? What's your thought there?
ReedHastings: It's one of many. I mean, Disney is going to be a global service quite quickly. And there are many other global services. Remember that we compete a lot for time with YouTube. And it's not dollars because that's ad supported. But we compete very broadly for viewing and as Spence mentioned our viewing on a per member basis is up. And that's because our content is getting better. Our service is getting better. And that's all coming out of linear TV.
SpencerNeumann: And I would say that they're --their brands are definitely global brands. But they're no --with the exception of China, they're not more popular than they are in the US anywhere else in the world.
MikeMorris: Okay. And so, Greg, a question on pricing. When we spoke last quarter, you felt that these competitive launches would not have an impact on your prices. So I guess the first question is now that you have this quarter under your belt. Any update on that point in particular?
GregPeters: Yes. I think it's useful to start with just noticing that our revenue in the United States is up 23% year-over-year in Q4. So we're still seeing a pretty significant growth there. And we're not seeing anything that fundamentally contradicts our core model or suggests that it's changed in a material way. And that model is if we do a good job of judiciously investing, the money that our members give us every month and great stories and better product experiences creating more value for them then we occasionally earn the ability to come back to them and ask them for a little bit more money to keep that virtuous cycle of improvements going. And everything we're seeing continues to support that core models intact. So that's our job.
MikeMorris: Okay, great. And you go down that path a little bit further historically you have done some sizable price increases at least on a percentage basis on a somewhat spread out timeframe. How do you think about possibly doing perhaps a single annual price increase in a more mature market at a more modest rate? I hate to say this but maybe somewhat more similar what people have experienced with their cable bill or something to that effect.
GregPeters: We don't have a fixed model that our PR, we're coming in and saying this is the right approach. So I think our job is to actually listen to our members. Give it -- if the signals that they're giving us in terms of the engagement that we're seeing that we gain from growth that you heard we're going after. And we'll really use that as a mechanism to guide us towards when if we earned that opportunity to come back and ask for more. So we're not really coming in with just a fixed model that we're going to shift to or anything like that.
SpencerNeumann: And if we're -- we're putting hits on the board. And we can see that in the terms of watching an engagement and subscriber growth and growth and the zeitgeist to run our projects then the more --the more you can do that the more frequently you can go back. So we have to --we're in this great model of where we have to prove ourselves to our members literally every month. So it's really -- it does hold us to a very high bar and keeps us coming back and doing more and topping ourselves if we need to.
MikeMorris: One last question on this is around premium plan subscribers versus your standard plan subscribers which largest, you've mentioned in the past clearly the largest group. On what has been the trend with respect to your subscribers moving to the premium plan? And is there a way to further incentivize them to almost have a self opted price increase but also clearly getting an improved product as well?
GregPeters: I think we're --again constantly evaluating the right balance of what's -- what features, what prices at those various different tiers. But we haven't seen a significant shift in that. And we see a healthy take rate across all of our plan options which are a really good sign. I think that we're providing a range of options at a range of price points that allow consumers in the markets that we serve to sort of selecting into the right model. Again, we want to be innovative about that. And we'll look for ways to create more value across all of our tiers. But right now that blend is pretty healthy, we think.
SpencerNeumann: And, Mike, I would just add that in terms of plan mix, you have over the years seen a slight migration towards the higher price point plans. That is something that we have seen but it's quite gradual. So there's no sort of big jump in any sort of given quarter, but quite a gradual increase in that which I think maps to the growth in smart TVs and high-definition TVs.
MikeMorris: Okay. I'd like to switch to a few questions on content and content strategy. So, Ted, the ramp in feature-film product in particular both development release big step forward for you in 2019. As you looks into 2020 what are you most excited about either from a content perspective or an overall thematic perspective. There's a healthy amount of information on some key titles [Indiscernible] but would appreciate you highlighting the things that are most important to you.
TedSarandos: Well, looking forward to next year, we get the opportunity to do some things that we know have worked and come back with some sequels. And they are super popular. YA genres, we've got these rom-coms; To all the Boys I've Loved Before and Kissing Booth coming back with sequels in Q1 and Q2. We have a big ticket action films with Mark Wahlberg and Charlize Theron and Chris Hemsworth more like the things you've seen in Q4 and trying to program our movies like we do our series for every taste, every mood, every region of the world. So it's not trying to make one-size-fits-all program. That's what we have so much of it, just what we all -- we want to hold it all to a very high entertainment bar. So you're going to see us working across all genres like we did in Q4 and still continuing to kind of press up the production quality and the production investment in these films.
ReedHastings: And those are all coming out in Q1 and Q2 of this year and some in Q3, Q4.
TedSarandos: Yes. 
ReedHastings: Just got a tremendous slate this year.
TedSarandos: Yes and I think the one thing we have been putting out in the letter, it's exciting that we end up with being the most nominated studio at the Oscars this year with our films. But the most exciting thing is those films are all incredibly popular with our members as well.
MikeMorris: So that leads into another question which is as you have sort of shifted and increased this focus on film, Ted, and particularly you've highlighted a couple of reasons for that and benefits to the members. Those have included some comparison with respect to the value proposition, right and compare to a film. 
TedSarandos: You know what a movie ticket costs so sure.
MikeMorris: Exactly. I think we've also talked about the ability for film content to travel. There's sort of a perhaps a broader global base of interest. Anything else that you would highlight or remind us up for why this shift in investment or maybe not shift but expansion is important? And also now we have another year under our belt with a pretty robust slate, so have things been progressing as you would have expected given those objectives?
TedSarandos: Yes. I would say, look, when I look back at Q4 I look back say, I'm glad we decided to do this about a year and a half ago. That's about the time it takes to secure the deals that obviously do the production and go get through post and get everything delivered at the level of quality that we were able to. And so now we have all of that kind of ramp up behind us. And while the steady flow of projects like you see in Q4. Similarly with the feature animation. When I see where we're at today with access to programming and all those other issues, we've been ramping up our feature innovation for almost three years. And it really hit the ground their first project with Klaus in Q4. There was a complete audience pleaser and an Oscar nominee for Best Animated Feature. And that will keep a steady drumbeat going there as well.  In Q2, we have an animated feature called the Willoughby's and in Q4 we have Over The Moon, which is from Glen Keane, we did Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast. So these are big theatrical scale animated features and big scale feature films that would be competitive with anything you would see in the box office. And I think people really do value them. And to your point they do travel much more predictably than TV series do.
MikeMorris: One of the things you just mentioned and clearly has been very widely reported and seen is the critical acclaim that you've achieved and you've had growth in Golden Globes, now at this point, Oscar nominations. My question is around the business benefit of that and the cost of achieving it as well. Maybe it's a somewhat open-ended question but how much is it costing you at this point to have those films in a place that they can be considered for that? And what does the timeframe for the benefit to, the business look like for that?
TedSarandos: What you've seen the expansion this last year within the confines of our existing content budget. So we're growing, it's how we're choosing to bring the incremental spending to the table in terms of the bigger breadth and scale of films, but not taking it away from our growth in series which is also growing and in particular in our local language series which we've reported before where we're growing by a 130 seasons of local language series around the world as well. So to me, I look at it as the growth --the benefit to the business is the growth that you're saying.
ReedHastings: And I would just add to that. Sorry - you'll see that if we further our reputation for doing well for content, sorry for talent by being one of the best in the world at winning awards for our talent then the business benefit is that we will win deals that we wouldn't have otherwise won for incredibly entertaining content. So think of all of our awards work as a really smart way to make us the best home for talent in the world.
TedSarandos: I think it's also worth noting that there's a consumer component this too. I mean some of our members around the world use the awards piece as a sign of what they want watch so that when we present those, that information to them we actually see them respond to that. So there is an immediate benefit there as well. 
SpencerNeumann: And just one point one more time there is typically there seems to be a big gap between critical acclaim and award winning and popular. And we are really trying to do and we have in the past quarter achieved both of. Meaning we are bringing popular film to the market at such a quality that's also being recognized by the critics and by the awards groups.
ReedHastings: Sorry, Mike. I just want chime in just to that point, it is working already, and the model is working in terms of seeing the return to our business. I mean that programming at that level of diversity and quality across such a broad member base ultimately is driving member satisfaction. It's growing our member base, it's growing our revenues if you seen roughly 30% growth this year. We are growing our profits. Both our profit and margin and up to $2.6 billion of operating profit this year. We are delivering on our cash flow objectives including on a path to improve our cash flow profile next year as you saw in the letter, material improvement from negative $3.3 billion this year to roughly negative $2.5 billion next year on that path to cash flow positive over the coming years. So you are seeing it play out in the business model already. 
MikeMorris: To that point, Spencer, my next question for you is really around your cash investment. On content in a coming year, can you share a specific in terms of the growth that you are anticipating there? And also can you just help us with the modeling side which is the amortization of that content relationship between that amortization and the cash investment? 
SpencerNeumann: Yes, sure. So we'll continue to increase our content investment across the board next year. Because as I just said, we are seeing a great return on that in terms of our business model. Our content amort is just a little under $10 billion this past year in 2019. I think you should expect to see with our specific guidance, a similar level of growth and that kind of grew I say roughly in that 20% range this past year. And you should assume we will continue to invest at those types of levels this year. The conversion or the relationship between our cash spent and our amortization, that ratio was about 1.6 meaning 1.6x the cash investment relative to our amortization of about $15 billion of cash investment this past year in 2019. And you should see that ratio continue to come down a little bit.  Again, without a specific number but we are scaling into the business. So we've moved the long way in this business model transition from what was once an all licensed content business to now the well over 50% of our cash spent is on originals, the future of our business is mostly originals. And we've very much transition there. So that puts less sort of pressure on our working capital, so that's playing out in the numbers as well. So similar growth rate and amortization, but it's getting closer in terms of our cash versus amort and you're seeing that in terms of the improvement in the cash flow trajectory next year.
ReedHastings: And, Mike, I am sure you realized it but it is a huge milestone in our growth of last year being peak negative free cash flow. And so we're on the glide path slowly towards positive free cash flow. We're excited about that but that's not coming from shrinking back our content spending. That's coming from the increase in revenue and operating income.
MikeMorris: All right, great. So let's pull it back a little bit and talk about some of the --couple of additional content issues or topics, if you will. Friends, a big title I believe one of your more popular titles came off the service at the end of 2019. I realize we're only three weeks in but you do see the data real-time. Has this content being moved off the platform impacted your consumer engagement, your member engagement at all?
TedSarandos: Nothing that we've seen or can measure.
MikeMorris: Okay. So let's also talk about viewership then. A couple things. I had a question here and then you gave us an entire page of viewership metrics [in form of letter]
TedSarandos: Mime that is why I should probably put a little more color on that simple answer. Just to say, we've had over the years incredible popular product come on and off the service and expires. And typically what happen is our members through our incredible personalization, deep library and broad library are able to find their next favorite show. And that does will happen with Friends. With Friends fans and some of them will find it elsewhere and some of them will find, some their next favorite show.
ReedHastings: Like, Mike, it was about years 10 ago we dropped, we had to drop all the Disney content, not phased out like we are but all the ones, we added to the Starz deal. And we were all worried about the big impact and instead people came back the magic of the personalized service and they were able to find other things to watch and viewing growth just kept rising. 
TedSarandos: Yes. And we've seen that phenomenon over and over again even in, when one that may be been even more dramatic than that was the all, the Nickelodeon content when they came up and was completely displaced by other kids watching overnight. I should say equally good content just people had the ability to find something new.
MikeMorris: Sure, understood. And so within that what I was coming to is the viewership metrics that you provided in the letter for a number of your programs. I'd be curious if you wanted to highlight something that stood out to you. But I'll tell you something that stood out to me is the information you provided about The Crown. Okay, so in particular season 3 saw growth and early season viewing and yet it's still I think by the metric 21 million households through the first four weeks of season 3 compared to 73 million households worldwide for the series overall. And I guess what strikes me is that they're -- your members have enough content that even though that was important to 73 million and 21 million was a big step up, they're still a 52 million yet to watch it. So --
TedSarandos: Correct. But I have mentioned with that first 28 days doesn't capture also are things like brand-new viewers to season 1 that just started in the ramp up to season 3. The show has been incredibly adorable in the UK, in the US and around the world.
MikeMorris: How does that compare to other key shows, right? I understand that every show doesn't behave like The Crown, but is that viewership pattern something that somewhat similar for a show like, let's say, Stranger Things that has three seasons and--
TedSarandos: It's so unique. Sometimes the show can enter the zeitgeist in such a loud way like Stranger Things season 3 around the 4th of July phenomenon, everything that happened that a lot of that viewing-- a lot of that viewing pops like that. Something similar we saw with a huge launch for Witcher, Witcher was kind of pent-up demand for known IP, but man people, the show delivered for people, who delivered viewing hours for us. And people loved it right out of the gate. Other shows come out and they pop and they're dependable and they build and people are going to watch it as soon as they finish what they're watching right now. So it's very different from show to show. I see you can see that in that list of how those shows will perform. And sometimes that it's a really great indicator of its full-year performance. And sometimes its new shows will continue to build on their positive word-of-mouth and become even bigger over time.
MikeMorris: I'd like to ask a couple questions about product and distribution. So, Greg, I'd like to come back to the topic of pricing. We spoke a little bit about the US, but you have expanded your mobile-only plans I believe during the quarter. Can you talk about where that is now? I think it's India, Indonesia, I believe Malaysia but maybe the balance between what has become a more permanent part of your offering? What's still being tested and how we should think about that mix going forward?
GregPeters: Yes and you've got the three countries correct. And we've seen in the performance across those three countries is that because we've added this price at a lower price point, this year at a lower price point. We've been able to add incremental subscribers which are great. We've seen increase in retention not only at that noble plan but in other plans as well. And net that's a revenue positive action for us. And so we're super excited about that. We think that that's a pretty good indicator that there might be other countries around the world where that kind of offering will work as well. So we're going to continue to test both that in different countries and see how that goes. We're also --we've got a bunch of different other approaches that we're going to try out and we'll really try and be active and innovative in that area to try and improve the accessibility of the service for more and more people around the world, but in a way which we think is long-term revenue optimizing as well.
MikeMorris: Can you expand on that as well in terms of expanding that availability?
GregPeters: I mean really I'd say that anticipate that we'll do more testing of the mobile plan in more territories. That's probably the one to talk about at this point then we'll sort of see what else works through our testing as we go.
MikeMorris: Okay. Great. And then over the weekend, I believe it came out on Sunday, expand it I think you were referred to as you can strengthen partnership with Sky. What --how did that become a stronger partnership?
GregPeters: Yes. I think what we are seeing is there's more and more opportunity that we're finding through whether it's mobile operators, pay TV operators, ISPS to reach out to a customer segment that while we're probably growing with them in general. We can actually accelerate that growth. And so it starts by just at being available on set top box or the device that they're using to watch TV, and we can put Netflix there and make it easy to see the service and potentially sign up there. But increasingly now with bundles we've removed yet another point of friction. So that that's just a part of their offering and they can just, we can do a call to action like right in front of them like it standard things, it's launching right now, watch and that's a very effective way to introduce people to the service. But also we're finding that with co marketing programs and other things that we're getting more sophisticated that we can actually do more effective job at reaching out to more of those members to be around the world.
MikeMorris: You brought up the topic of bundling. Two kinds of questions with respect to bundling or different pricing packages. The first is a question of the need for consumers for this re-aggregation of these multiple services. And if that is the case perhaps a third party would like to or should be taking some portion of the payment for adding value. I guess my question is your position on the need for some sort of aggregation of these multiple services.  My second question is around annual pricing versus monthly pricing and perhaps a discount for consumers who choose to take an annual plan. Either of those --how do either of those factored into your thoughts here?
GregPeters: Yes. I think we'll see sort of what the right solution is for consumers as we shift to this online streaming world. I anticipate that there are our models that make sense where they'll bundle multiple content services together and make it more sort of easier for consumers to access that. And that might be the effect that we're seeing but really most of the bundles that we have are either connecting to an existing pay TV sort of legacy pay TV service or they're connecting to things like your mobile plan or your internet plan. So I think there are multiple different opportunities to find the right mix where we're able to introduce Netflix as part of a set of offerings that just make it simple for people to sign up and it's logical and it's intuitive for them to go do so.
TedSarandos: And the likeliness that we have your favorite show your favorite movie raises the chances that you're going to figure out how to get to us as well.
GregPeters: That's right and then you also you mentioned I think an annual, a question on annual.
MikeMorris: That's right.
GregPeters: Yes. So I think it's an interesting model and certainly we see some. There's on legacy plans are sort of some-- since that there's certain countries around the world where that's a more common standard, right. So we want to experiment with that and test that out and understand if that's a more effective way for our members to access us. So we'll go do that and we'll sort of hear from them if that's something that's more effective or not. We don't know yet.
MikeMorris: Okay. I'd like to revisit the topic of advertising as a source of revenue or a means for your members to pay you for access to the service. Remind us we talk about a lot every quarter the topic comes up again. So remind us why advertising is not a right option given that you do have a focus on providing your members with them. Some optionality in terms of their way to enjoy the service.
ReedHastings: Yes. Mike, I think we addressed this last quarter in the letter. But I go over it again which is Google and Facebook and Amazon are tremendously powerful at online advertising. Because they're integrating so much data from so many sources. There's a business cost to that but they makes the advertising more targeted and effective. And so I think those three are going to get most of the online advertising business. And then to grow $5 billion or $10 billion advertising business you have to rip that away from other advertisers. In this case, say or other providers, Amazon, Google and Facebook which is quite challenging. So don't think of that as in a long term, there's not easy money there. And instead we think if we don't have exposure to that, the positive side is we're a much simpler place. We're not integrating everybody's data. We're not controversial that way. We've got a much simpler business model, which is just focused on streaming and customer pleasure. So we think with our model that we'll actually get to a larger revenue, a larger profits, larger market cap because we don't have the exposure to something that were strategically disadvantaged at which is online advertising against those big three, which over the next 10-years are just going to integrate incredible amounts of data about everybody. And we won't and we're not trying to have access to. So that's why we're really pretty confident that the best business model is this way is certainly in the long term.
MikeMorris: I do think that last point is something we do hear people lose sight of sometimes which is you are not aggregating an immense amount of data about your viewers. You have viewership habits but beyond that I think correct me if I'm wrong, you don't collect a significant amount of personal data that would be used to target advertising. Is that accurate?
ReedHastings: We don't collect anything. We're really focused on just making our members happy. And we're not tied up with all that controversy around advertising. And again, if you wanted to succeed in online advertising, you can't just have a little data. To keep up with those giants, you've got to spend very heavily on that and track locations and all kinds of other things that we're not interested in doing. We want to be the safe respite where you can explore; you can get stimulated, have fun, enjoy, relax and have none of the controversy around exploiting users with advertising.
MikeMorris: Now one of the biggest changes that you guys have made in a while with respect to what you share with us is the geographic breakdown that you're providing now with respect to your actuals. So maybe just briefly can you remind us the reason that you made this change. We have had some questions whether it was somewhat suggested or required of you. So why did you make the change and then I do have a couple of specific questions about the markets, if I could.
ReedHastings: Spencer, you want to handle that?
SpencerNeumann: Sure. So to answer a question like, no, this was not a required change. This was a change that we made and as we talked about it was to, we always evolved our view of our business as our business changes. And with our launch of rest of the world in 2019 were basically a fully global company ex China. So we have increasingly been looking at the business internally along these four regions. So we want to map our external reporting and align it with how we look at it internally. So it was not a requirement but our choice.
ReedHastings: So we work hard internally to not be US and international. There's no such thing as international. There's a bunch of nuance of every market around the world. And part of our development from and originally just domestic company is to lose those kinds of distinctions. And instead think of it as four equal regions. And we're growing all of them. And we're sophisticated about all of them. And that's why we look at it, in that four regions way internally, which is of course drives the external reporting.
TedSarandos: It's been a great internal discipline for everybody to think about the business more in that way for sure.
MikeMorris: Well that's a great segue into some questions specifically about the nuances in these regions. Perhaps we can start with Latin America, which was your first broad international launch in 2011. And so what we noticed then and of course this quarter, you had record member growth in each of the regions, but it does look like Latin America is perhaps closer to being mature with respect to its growth trajectory. At the same time, we would look at the data and say, it's still the penetration level of broadband households is still very low in that region. Can you characterize for us where you think we are in the lifecycle of member growth in that region?
ReedHastings: Spence, you want to take that?
SpencerNeumann: Yes. Sure. I would say across the board we're still early days right. So even with the roughly 167 million members across the globe and big membership in Latin America, you can see what we're or still roughly kind of in that 30% penetration. We think is pay TV households you've seen around the world whether it's pay TV or broadband households, we don't see why we can't get into all of those households over time. So, yes, we're a bit more mature in Latin America than perhaps we are in APAC and some specific countries. But we're continuing to grow. It happens to be a region where similar to the US our price increases were a bit more significant than in other parts of the world. So I think that may have been a bit of a headwind as well. We had foreign exchange working against us more meaningfully in Latin America. But I'd say in general very long runway. We continued --continue to see both global content and local content working really well in that region. So we will, I think you'll see continued healthy growth on the horizon. 
MikeMorris: And you just, Spence, you just mentioned APAC. And there are a couple of questions here. One is because this region has both Australia, New Zealand, so larger English-speaking markets and a large emerging market population. The first question is can you share at all the sort of balance of subscriptions in that market between those two? And I would think there's still a relatively high ASP there, which would imply some mix of higher price markets. But first the mix there and then also should we expect that ASP to come down based on what you're seeing now with respect to adoption of the lower price mobile plans.
SpencerNeumann: I'd say in terms of the mix and others can jump in as well, but we don't break it down specifically by country. I think the take away should be though that we're seeing healthy growth in all of these markets, so across Japan, Korea, India. I mean all of these markets were increasing that content market fit. We're getting much smarter about the markets in both say the content we offer as well as the pricing and packaging and bundling and distribution to our members and payment methods for our members. So I think we're getting better literally every quarter every year and that's playing out in terms of very healthy growth across those markets. And then with respect to pricing, certainly that pricing is different in every country around the world. But we don't -- we're not managing to ARPU. We're managing to revenue maximization as we talked about earlier. So we're not going to provide a long-term focus. Obviously, as we have lower priced mobile offers that are going to bring down a blended ARPU in a country or in a market, but if we're doing that in a revenue accretive way, we think that's great for a long-term business. We're growing subscribers and we're growing revenue.
TedSarandos: Again, our local content and our regional content in Japan and Korea by way of example becoming much more sophisticated about what is super impactful in those countries. Plays pan regionally and occasionally plays globally. So those investments are paying off in the form of things like the Naked Director, which was a big, big hit for us in Japan and Kingdom which was the second season coming up at Korea that's been a big global hit for us. And as you think about the exciting things that happen in the content space, movie like Parasite coming out of Korea, that's done $140 million globally, $100 million in Korea and about $40 million outside. And the expansion of people finding stories from around the world is going to only make the opportunity bigger and bigger. 
MikeMorris: Might be a time for one or two more questions. Okay. Let me hit on EMEA and then I'll get a wrap-up question. I think in that European, Middle East and Africa market, it's somewhat similar in terms of some mature markets and some emerging markets and opportunities there. So as you think about that market growth opportunity is the answer similar to the same as the question on Asia. And I think the question is a little bit rooted in, we do have some specific mobile only lower priced plans in Asia that we've been focused on. But should we think about that EMEA market as perhaps following a similar pattern.
ReedHastings: Greg, do you want to take that pricing. I would say in terms of the opportunity we see a huge opportunity in EMEA. It's a multiple of the number of addressable, their pay TV or broadband households as you see for example in the UK or US and Canada region. We're less than 20% penetrated in the market. You've seen it's driving more than 50% of our paid member editions in recent quarters or roughly 50%. So we're low penetrated and we're growing in a very healthy clip in that market. I'll turn to, Greg, though in terms of pricing strategy.
GregPeters: Yes and their pricing and plans approach, again that region much like APAC has both, it's very affluent, very mature markets as well as less affluent markets. And so I anticipate that what we'll find is that we'll have a mix of plans and approaches that will spread across that region that again will be different price points. But it'll be looking to sort of maximize revenue through that mix across the entire region.
MikeMorris: Great. So I'd like to conclude again as we did last time with a little bit of a 5 for 1 question last quarter. We talked about each of your -- something each of you was excited about in the coming quarter. This time, I'd like to ask you repress analyst reports et cetera about your company. I'd love to hear your take on what you think is most misunderstood about the company or at least well appreciated about the company. So last, as with last quarter I'll start with Spencer and go from there.
SpencerNeumann: Sure. I honestly don't think that there's that much that's misunderstood. We're a single product company. And I think pretty straightforward I think for most investors understand. I think I'd like to think about one thing that I personally think there's probably a bit of an over focus on the streaming wars sort of notion. And I know it's exciting for folks to talk about The Clash of the Titans and all that kind of stuff. But I think really the big thing that's going on is this transition from linear entertainment to streaming on-demand entertainment, which is really, really big and very similar to that transition the industry went through from broadcast to cable. And there what you saw was a lot of those new cable networks didn't really take much share from each other, but really grew together as broadcasting sort of became smaller over time. I think that's what's the really the big thing that is happening that's probably less well understood.
MikeMorris: Thanks Spencer. What about you, Spence?
SpencerWang: I think you're going to pick up me because I got the order wrong last quarter. So, okay. I'll say, I think was most misunderstood is the business model and what you see in our cash flow generally. And folks thinking that we are losing money, if you will, when we --what we've shown is that we are increasing our profitability both growing and growing our profit margins. And what you've seen over the last few years is forward investment as we've been going through a really kind of pretty significant transition of our business model from licensed content where you pay basically ratably for content you receive over the time and it's on the network to original content not just licensed originals, but self-produced originals where oftentimes we're investing many years before that content is on the service. And we've moved as they say, well, along the curve there were the bulk of our cash spend is now on original content. So as we've gotten bigger, as we've moved towards originals, it just --it fundamentally changes that cash flow profile over time. And we're a very profitable business and one that will ultimately over the years become meaningfully self-funding.
MikeMorris: Thanks Spencer. Greg? How about you?
GregPeters: Yes. Spence actually took mine. It's my favorite sort of gap between external and internal worldviews. So I'm very excited to be turning the corner on the free cash flow issue. So that we could sort of put that behind us and really focus on growing the business ahead.
MikeMorris: Great and Ted?
TedSarandos: In terms of misunderstood, I think I did use this notion you hear every once in a while to where there is so much stuff on Netflix everything gets lost. And I think that's the opposite is true, which you'll see in those numbers that we release you in the letter. The-- our ability to launch new brands, to sustain brands over multiple seasons or multiple sequels and at a very high volume from all over the world has been unparalleled. And the idea that we can create brands out of thin air over and over again sometimes multiple times in a week like this past week is something that I'm super proud of. And I think it gets lost on people because they think all this content is for them. It isn't. It's just meant to be your favorite show and your favorites movie and that's going to be something for everybody.
ReedHastings: And for me, it's really that we keep doing these amazing numbers. Doing [88] in Q4, it is just amazing. So happy with that and with Witcher performance ending the year on a high note of a massive new franchise that will develop season after season. So if you think about the next couple of years, it's really the rate of improvement that's the big thing. How much we're learning and we're doing so many shows. Our learning is higher. Doing so many product tests. Our learning is higher and the quality of our service two or three years from now will be so much higher than it is today. That's the thing that's not well understood. Everyone focuses on how's the current service look as opposed to how good we're going to be in three years. End of Q&A
Spencer Wang: Thank you, Mike. Great job and look forward to talking with all of our investors and everyone over the quarter.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-16 18:00:00) =====
Operator:
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2019 Earnings Interview. Im Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, Spence Neumann; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Mike Morris from Guggenheim. As a reminder, we'll be making forward-looking statements, and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to Mike for his first question.
Operator:
Mike Morris: Thank you, Spencer. Good afternoon. Let's start by talking about both member trends and the outlook that you just provided for members in the fourth quarter. Starting with the third quarter, can you speak a bit about some of the key drivers that - your results came in relatively in line with your guidance. Talk about the gross add dynamic and the churn dynamic there relative to what you are expecting coming into the quarter, please.
Reed Hastings: Relatively in line. It was the most accurate member forecast we had in years. Spencer, over to you.
Spencer Neumann: Spencer or Spence. I'll take it. We got a lot of Spencers on the call. I'd first say, Michael, it was a really strong quarter. I mean not just around subscribers but around overall business performance that was record revenues for Q3, record operating profit and nearly $1 billion of operating profit and record paid net adds for the quarter. We delivered on the subscriber front slightly ahead of where we expected outside of the U.S. In the U.S., we were a little bit short. To your question, what drove that, we're talking very small numbers here, but we did see some elevated churn in the quarter that -- we had seen some elevated churn following our price increases in the U.S., and that ticked up and sustained through the quarter longer than it had in the past. But these are really small changes, we're talking about like 0.1 of a percentage point in churn. And that's why, at the same time, these price increases are hugely revenue positive for us, as you saw in the quarter, and so we take the bulk of that revenue and reinvest it back into the service, into great content, into great product experience for our members to continue to deliver on that value proposition and continue to grow our business.
Mike Morris: Okay. I want to come back to the topic of churn. But before we do, I just want to ask about the fourth quarter outlook. On the last call, we spoke about potentially seeing a record year of net subscriber or net member additions in 2019. The guide does not imply that at this point. So can you talk a bit about perhaps what changed? And I think the big question in investors' minds is will 2018 represent a peak year for member adds or can you get back to growing on top of that level again.
Spencer Neumann: Sure. I'll take that one again, too. So in terms of our guide for the year, yes, it is down a bit from our previous forecast. And really, what we're just trying to do there is to be prudent about the - there's a number of moving parts in Q4 and variables that are just difficult to forecast. And whether it's, first, just the ability to be precise about a forecast around our content slate that has so much new IP in Q4 and big film - a big film IP that we - we've never had a quarter with so many big films launching in a quarter. Combine that with some of that elevated churn that we saw in Q3 and the potential for that to continue into Q4. And then lastly, there is obviously a few new competitors launching in the near term, and we try to factor that in as well. Inevitably, there is probably going to be some curiosity and some trial of those competitive service offerings. So when we put all that together, again, we adjusted our forecast slightly. It's still nearly 27 million paid net adds for the year, a tremendously strong year. And furthermore, it is - our long-term outlook is unchanged in terms of the long-term opportunity for the business. We're just trying to be prudent about our Q4 forecast.
Reed Hastings: Mike, in the prior year, in the U.S., we did 5 million net adds. And this year, if we're on forecast, it will be about 2.6 million. So the gap's almost entirely in the U.S. That's really on the back of the price increase. There is a little more sensitivity. We're starting to see the - a little touch of that. What we have to do is just really focus on the service quality, make us must-have. I mean we're incredibly low priced compared to cable. We're winning more and more viewings. And we think we have a lot of room there. But this year, that's what's hit us. And we'll just stay focused on just providing amazing value to our members in the U.S. And I think that gives us a real shot at continuing to grow net -- long-term net adds on an annual basis. But we're going to be a little cautious on that guidance and feel our way through here.
Mike Morris: Yes. And on that elevated churn, just to kind of wrap on this, what type of subscribers are you seeing churn more often? Does it tend to be really that hit driven nature around a particular programming? Does it happen to be sort of the last subscriber in is less sticky? What are you seeing there?
Reed Hastings: Mike, at 0.1%, it's 1 in 1,000 people, so you really can't tell the margin. Think of it much more big picture, which is it's always a question of how much value do we have, how do the consumers feel it. In moving up ASP in the U.S. from about $12 to about $13, we see a little bit of it. And then what we have to do is just give it a pause and really focus on the value. If you think about it, we haven't had many big movies in the past, and movies are very valuable, people are used to paying for a lot of that. And the slate that Ted and his team have this quarter and for next year is way better than any movie slate we've ever had. There's some great room for optimism there, too. So we just have to focus on the members, and I think it will shake out very well. 
Mike Morris: Okay. Thank you. And so let's talk about competition. Spence brought the topic up, so I'm not introducing it. I know it's been a hot topic. But Reed, you spoke in the U.K. a couple of weeks ago. You made a comment saying it would be a whole new world starting in November. I think a lot of people - a lot of investors just read the quote, they didn't necessarily see the interview for context. And so I'd love it if you could provide some context given that, that is a bit different from your comments from a couple of quarters ago where you felt that perhaps these new services wouldn't necessarily be material to the outlook.
Reed Hastings: From when we began in streaming, Hulu and YouTube and Amazon Prime back in 2007, 2008, we're all in the market. All 4 of us have been competing heavily, including with linear TV for the last 12 years. So fundamentally, there's not a big change here. It is interesting that we see both Apple and Disney launching basically in the same week after 12 years of not being in the market. And I was being a little playful with a whole new world in the sense of the drama of it coming. But fundamentally, it's more of the same, and Disney is going to be a great competitor. Apple is just beginning, but they'll probably have some great shows, too. But again, all of us are competing with linear TV. We're all relatively small to linear TV. So just like in the letter we put about the multiple cable networks over the last 30 years not really competing with each other fundamentally but competing with broadcast, I think it's the same kind of dynamic here.
Theodore Sarandos: I think I got the subtlety of the brave - the whole new world Aladdin reference. Everyone else took it pretty literal.
Reed Hastings: And Ted, why don't you talk a little about the movie slate and how it's different? If there's a whole new world, it's really about our movie slate more than anything else.
Theodore Sarandos: 100%. I think we've got - just in the fourth quarter alone, we're talking about films that are - that range from a massive scale action film from Michael Bay with 6 Underground to Oscar hopefuls like The Irishman, Marriage Story and The Two Popes, Eddie Murphy's return in Dolemite. So these are big, theatrically ambitious-type films that you'll be able to watch on Netflix, included in your subscription. It really is a fundamental change in the economics of how people enjoy films. So we're really excited about it. And it's our first time we've seen the scale and this volume of films in one quarter, so we're really excited about it.
Mike Morris: Before we dig into some content questions a bit more, do you want to talk about pricing a little bit and the pricing power in the U.S. market? So perhaps for Greg or for Spence, two things. Number one, do you think that the lower price point for some of these new services will negatively impact your ability to raise your price in the future? And maybe more broadly, can you talk about equilibrium price for this service? We would love for you to give us a price point. I know that's unlikely. But as you just think about -- you could be a great value with a number of different price points, but how do you think about where that sort of shakes out?
Gregory Peters: I think the pricing of our competitors we don't feel as a real significant factor in determining where -- what we can change for our service. Again, the services and the content are highly differentiated, so one is not something you're going to choose to do just for us. But I would say our job and then what we think our pricing for a long-term perspective is continue to take the revenue that we have that our subscribers give us every month, judiciously and smartly invest it into increasing variety and diversity of content where we really want to be best-in-class across every single genre. And if we do that and we're successful in making those investments smartly, we'll be able to continue to deliver more value to our members. And that really will enable us to, from time to time, ask for more revenues so that we can continue that virtuous cycle going.
Mike Morris: And so I don't know if you can speak any more about it, but is there a place where whether it's relative to a pay-TV subscription in a certain market or relative to other streaming services that you think set some sort of bound around where pricing could ultimately go to?
Gregory Peters: I think you can look at a couple of external ones in terms of pay-TV packages that might be relevant, but we don't really look at it that way. We're looking at it more sort of incrementally and let our subscribers sort of tell us, as we add more value along, where that right price should be. It's a - we're really more focused on listening to subscribers and sort of walking that path with them.
Mike Morris: Okay. And one other question on pricing for you, Greg. A couple of different dynamics especially outside the U.S. where you have different price points. You tested a mobile-only plan, a lower price plan in India. Could you talk a little bit about perhaps the variety of tests and pricing points that you have in the marketplace right now and any differentiation you can give us between more mature markets that -- with some stable pricing test, anything like that so we can get a view going forward?
Gregory Peters: Sure. Just to talk a little bit about where we are in India, I mean again, we think about revenue as a guiding principle for us. We do these different tests and try to figure out what is the right set of plans that have the right benefits, the right features that are delivered at the right price for the subscribers in any given market. And I think what we're exploring is, as we are operating in markets that have very, very different conditions, very different levels of affluence and other forms of entertainment competition, et cetera, what is the right structure for us. And so we've been very, very happy with the mobile plan. It's actually performing better than we tested. We'll look at testing that in other markets, too, because we think there are other markets which have similar conditions that make it likely that, that's going to be successful for us there as well. But I also think we're going to look at other plan structures, other feature value benefits where we might see different market conditions that will work there. And I won't get into sort of leaning into those, we'll see them as we roll out, and we'll respond to them based on what our consumers in those markets, our members to be in those markets are telling us is working or not.
Mike Morris: Okay. I want to come back to competition but this time talk about competition for content. Ted, you teed up a bit some of the things you're enthusiastic about going forward. Reed, you did make the comment again in the U.K. that someday The Crown would look like a bargain. Perhaps another sound-bite that was picked up but perhaps you can provide some context around that. Maybe generally, how do you think about the investment that you want to make in programming from a very high level? Is it an overall budget? Is it a cost per subscriber to a certain level? How do you think about that?
Theodore Sarandos: I would say the exciting thing about this moment in entertainment history is that the scope and scale and ambition of television is beginning to rival that of feature film, which is an incredible win for consumers. And so when Reed was talking about The Crown, he was talking about relative to the joy and the hours of watching, The Crown will just look like a bargain and that -- these things on big scope and scale. And our -- we're pretty uniquely positioned with a $15 billion content budget to be able to deliver on those scope and scale at the same time for film and television. So that incredible - that slate that I just rattled off to you, it's happening at the same time that we have returning seasons of End of the expletiveing [ph] World, The Crown, Lost in Space, You, all incredibly popular shows. Casa de las Flores from Mexico, Baby from Italy, all back for returning seasons. Breaking brand-new series like The Witcher, Daybreak, all at the same time being able to deliver on what we think is an incredible value proposition for the viewers. So you were asking earlier about price, it's really price relative to value. And if you're spending more and more time watching TV shows and films on Netflix, you are realizing an incredible value. And I think that's really how the consumer experiences it.
Reed Hastings: Ted, as much as you can ballpark it, a show 5 years ago producing that same show today, sort of 50% more expensive, 30%?
Theodore Sarandos: It's a really hard one because the range is huge, and sometimes the big breakthrough is not the one that turned out to be that came into it that competitively. But on a very competitive show, there's probably been 30% price escalation from this time last year.
Reed Hastings: In 1 year.
Theodore Sarandos: In 1 year.
Reed Hastings: No, that's a lot. But definitely, content pricing is rising. But when -- we are fortunate to have the largest membership, one of the biggest revenues and the biggest content budgets, and so that's what's in there. We're able to still be very competitive sort of in shows.
Theodore Sarandos: And as you pointed out, it's an elite few shows that are that competitive that would see that kind of escalation. Just in any environment where you've injected a few new buyers, you're going to catch that dynamic on a highly competitive show.
Spencer Neumann: The only thing I'd add also, just to reinforce, we look at a lot of things. We don't chase everything, and we also lose on opportunities, right? So we're exercising discipline every - all the way with every single title, we're assessing every title individually. And where -- one is, as Ted said, with the size of content budget, we'll take big swings and we can make some mistakes because we don't have any kind of single title content concentration. But we are, because of that discipline, we're continuing to march towards increasing profit margins, improving our cash flow trajectory over time. So this is with discipline and business discipline while we are going after these big swings.
Spencer Wang: And Mike, at the risk of hitting too hard the diversification point, just sort of mathematically, investors can do the math on what $100 million sort of project relative to a $15 billion cash content budget or $10 billion P&L budget means. It's incredibly diverse, right, so we don't have any sort of concentration risk. So I'd point that out.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Considering our math, Spencer, but the idea that the rumored $100 million that House of Cards invest going into the way, that would seem earth-shattering less than 7 years ago. Today, it represents about 1% of our content budget.
Reed Hastings: And today, that would be a bargain.
Mike Morris: So if I look at this dynamic then, continue to increase the investment in content, at the same time, growing your subscribers. Where are we in terms of achieving scale on that investment if we look at that content spend per subscriber? Do you expect the competition to continue to drive that up? Or are we getting to a point of equilibrium where you're starting to see the benefit of that global penetration that you have?
Theodore Sarandos: I wouldn't try to take a stab at predicting whether we're at equilibrium when there's so much fluidity in the market today. But I think what you're seeing now, there's an absolute cap, of course, so -- but anyone can pay for any given project, and it will get super competitive for a lot of them. So I'd say that we're investing forward and trying to win those moments of joy for our members, and that's what's driving us.
Reed Hastings: And Mike, there's about 2 billion active users of Facebook, 2 billion active users of YouTube. We're obviously a fraction of that. And those numbers are continuing to grow. There are 6 billion active mobile phones in the world, and that's got to equilibrium. So equilibrium is so far away from where we are today. It's not something that we think a lot about, we think about how do we grow.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Definitely in terms of member growth. I thought you were talking about content spend.
Mike Morris: Sure. So let's talk about creating franchises. I have a question about that. I think there is a lot of enthusiasm, as you know, for the Disney+ product coming out. And I think it rides a little bit on the success of the streaming marketplace but also this concept that they have this tremendous content library and IP library that they've built over many years. So Reed and Ted, as you think about that, I know you've made an investment in children's content over the course of the last quarter. Talk a little bit about franchises, the importance of franchises and whether building franchises is something that is your ambition.
Theodore Sarandos: I think established IP has a leg up with consumers. They know what they're getting into. There's a prebuilt-in excitement. It makes the marketing a little easier. But in general, don't forget the power of brand creation. And what is the value of a franchise? It's really the value of brand creation and can you scale off of it. In this past quarter, we made a movie called Tall Girl, a hugely unknown cast, who, in 7 days, grew their social media following into the millions on Netflix and had over 40 million people watch it. That's the ability to create a brand almost out of thin air, which, I think, is every bit as valuable as drafting off a bunch of other franchises waiting for them to burn out. That being said, we're very excited about the opportunity to do it ourselves. We see the value of franchises like Stranger Things and Black Mirror. And so we're continuing to work to do that as well. But I -- think about it as not like franchises are better than non-franchises. Great stories are what matter, and the way that they reach consumers really makes a difference.
Mike Morris: You had a couple of original programs, original pieces of content in markets outside the U.S., global pieces but focused in markets, Sacred Games in India, Casa De Papel in Spain, I'm thinking about it in particular. We saw Google search activity, let's say, multiples or at least doubling what their prior levels were. So I'm curious, your thought about how that piece of content does drive that enthusiasm on local market. I think what that ties to really is, I think, the way we try to think about what the growth opportunity is. So I'd love to hear why you think you get that big step-up. And maybe in terms of Ted and Greg together, how you work together to try to make that happen.
Theodore Sarandos: Sure. You saw in the letter our investment in local language original series and film is continuing to grow at more than 100 seasons of new local language original shows, and they make a huge impact in the market. Casa de las Flores, which will be back for a second season in Mexico, has been a tremendous success. What's been great, too, is a lot of these titles that are hugely impactful in the country where they're produced also tend to travel throughout the region, sometimes around the world. Not -- so the Casa De Papel, the success of that show, was basically in almost every non-English-speaking territory. It was a phenomenal success. We're going to see that coming up with a new show called The Wave from Germany where the stories can be very pan-regional. But the way that they travel and the way they make a big splash around the world is to be super authentically local and really satisfying for the viewers, starting in the home country and then expanding around the world. And we've been -- we're on our fourth year of producing local language originals at scale, and we're excited about continuing to expand it. And they can -- the nice part is, is I think people will enjoy a global film or a global series every so often, love to see themselves on-screen, and that we're able to deliver on both of those propositions for our members around the world.
Gregory Peters: Just to add to that, I think it's super fun and exciting to be able to take one of these really authentic local stories and connect it effectively with a broad regional or global audience. In many cases, we feel like we'd have never actually watched a show in that language or from that country before. And the key to doing that, first of all, is obviously being available in all those countries in an easy-to-access way, but then it's connecting that show, having it be localized, in language with subtitles or dubbing, whatever is appropriate for that market, and then also explaining to users, to members why they're going to want to watch this amazing heist series from Spain and why that's going to be a totally compelling watch for them based on the other kind of content that they're enjoying.
Mike Morris: And I think it's important to understand how broad your production is outside the U.S. So can you share any statistics on how many countries you're actually producing first-party production of content and what that sort of investment looks like in terms of building a moat there? And in addition, you just strike a partnership with Mediaset during the quarter, one specific partnership you could perhaps detail and how that can benefit you.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, we've entered into most of those markets with joint -- in joint venture or in coproduction arrangements at the beginning and then take over many productions in those countries as we get scale in those countries. And we also continue to have great coproduction relationships with folks like Mediaset, even though our own studio is producing local Italian content as well. So it's -- I'd say we've released original local language content in 17 countries to date, we're going to grow it to 30, and that's just going to keep growing around the world.
Mike Morris: One other content question, you did make a high-profile commitment to rights for Seinfeld, which is a little bit -- I don't want to say counter but certainly different from the focus of allocating resources incrementally to originals. Can you talk about how big of a commitment is that for you maybe at least on a relative basis? And why is that the right decision?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, we've seen - in the past, we've had a lot of questions about the value of volumes of catalog programming, meaning just having hours and hours of content that people don't watch. But we have seen there's a few titles in the history of television, Seinfeld being one of them, that continue to be incredibly relevant 30 years after it came out on television and get watched every night. It's kind of a comfort view comedy that travels around the world. And Seinfeld is one of these very elite shows that came available in that time frame. So we have Friends till the end of the year, then we'll have Office for another year after that, and then Seinfeld will roll out to the world in 2021 on Netflix. And we're incredibly enthusiastic about those shows. But they're very, very unique in the vast catalog of television ever created that people are still watching 30 years after it was produced.
Mike Morris: I want to ask you some questions about windowing and sort of creating community among your viewers. One of the questions that we get is really about dropping an entire season at once versus having it spread out over a week at a time. You've addressed this question before, but I'd like to hear your more -- your current thoughts. And I think the question is really beyond just why not do it every week but why do it, let's say, all an entire season at once, maybe you could split a season into pieces or the timing of a series. For example, we were asked why Stranger Things couldn't have been before the end of the second quarter instead of just after the start of the third quarter.
Theodore Sarandos: So I'll give you a quick just personal anecdote. I'm a big fan of Succession on HBO, and I watch it every Sunday night when it comes out just like everyone else. And if I like that show a little bit less, I would probably burn out on it because I get aggravated every week waiting for the next episode. That's how much I like it. So you're trying to finely -- fine-tune the proposition to the customer, great storytelling, how and when they want to watch it. And what we have seen in comparison -- because we have about 35 shows around the world that we release week-over-week because it's premiering in that territory of Netflix, and we don't want to -- and we want to deliver on it as soon as it -- as close to the broadcast window as we can. So what we - and what we've seen is, in markets where we released it all at once versus 1 a week that we actually get more viewing and cumulatively more social media buzz, more tweets, more activity on social media around these shows for the all-at-once model. So people are coming to it at different times. They're loving it more. It's in a more concentrated experience, for sure. All of that being said, we are doing things like producing -- like you saw with The Ranch where we are producing 10-episode seasons with smaller gaps between seasons, so coming out 6 months apart rather than a year apart. You're seeing we're testing an interesting release pattern with Rhythm + Flow, a music competition show, that - and basically, what we're trying to do is match not just the program exactly that you want to watch but how do you want to watch it. And for a lot of people, it may not be all at once, but it's hardly ever 1 a week.
Mike Morris: Right. Do you see more opportunities for that? Whether it's unscripted or the type of program, it's not live per se but it does lend itself to a little more pent-up excitement, do you see more opportunities to put resources behind that or is it opportunistic?
Theodore Sarandos: It's opportunistic. We're trying a lot of different things. We're trying - basically, what we're trying to do is make your favorite show, whatever that is. And for some people, it's going to be a music competition show. For other people, it will be Green Eggs and Ham. So we really are trying to make your favorite show, whatever it is, and be best-in-class at all of those things. And there might be something unique about the release rhythms of competition shows and more topical talk shows that lend themselves better to frequency release.
Mike Morris: You spoke two quarters ago, you updated it a little bit last quarter, the topic of providing some more data or information both for producers, talent as well as for individuals. My first question is, can we have an update on where we are in that, what you have provided and especially from a consumer perspective as well? I think the goal was to help create some more of that buzz, create more conversations, how is that playing out at this point?
Theodore Sarandos: One of the things you saw, we've launched in the U.K. and we're looking to expand presentation of the top 10, so that people can come to Netflix and see the top 10 most popular things in different categories. Once again, I think that one way that people choose content is by popularity. It's not the only way, and it's not the only way we want people to. But if they want to use that as a tool to guide their decision-making, we want to help them do that. So publishing that top 10 that refreshes every 24 hours is one way that we're helping out on the consumer side. Our producers, we share viewing data with every week on the lead of the launch week and the end of the month. So they are - we're incredibly transparent with our producers around the world, and we're going to be increasingly doing things like we did in our earnings letter and give you viewer stats on a lot of our projects as we go. Greg, would you add anything about the top 10?
Gregory Peters: No, I think it's - you covered it well. And just to make it clear, I mean that top 10, that's a list that's available in the product. So to Ted's point, those members who really think that popularity is an important signal for them on what to watch, we'll have that available to them.
Mike Morris: Great. Greg, I'd like to ask you a couple of questions on the technology, the product side. First, maybe an update on partnerships. We talked about it a bit on the last call. I'd love to expand, in the U.S., the pay-TV partnerships seem to be a big part of the focus. Can you talk about whether that's become a bigger part of the subscriber acquisition product? Is it steady state? Help us understand where we are in that process.
Gregory Peters: Yes. It's important, I think, to ground it in the partner-based acquisition component when you think about all the devices that we operate on and just being able to find and sign up new license, that's a healthy chunk of our acquisition. But then when you get to the bundles, which I think often people think about partners equals bundles, that's relatively small, but it's a nice incremental acquisition channel for us. And so we'll seek to grow that. We think there's a bunch of opportunities both in the United States with existing partners and expanding the number of bundles and sort of the bundle availability. We'll also seek to expand that globally because we think there's a tremendous number of opportunities globally to add those kind of partners and make it easier for members to sign up. We did a couple this quarter, whether it's Canal+ and Sky Italia with sort of new partners for our bundles, but we've also done things like take KDDI, a mobile operator in Japan, and be able just to expand our presence across their offering, which makes again an easier place more attractive for more members to sign up. So it's still small, a relatively small fraction of our acquisition, but it's a nice, good, incremental way to access a member base, member to be based. It's less technology for less early adopter, and we can just make it super simple for them to sign up.
Mike Morris: Okay. Another topic that we haven't talked about in a little while is that of password sharing or stealing or whatever you want to call it. As we get to a more mature growth trajectory in the U.S., does that come back into being something that's important for you to address? And how do you address it without alienating a certain portion of your user base? How do you strike a balance there?
Gregory Peters: I think we continue to monitor it, so we're looking at the situation. We'll see, again, those consumer-friendly ways to push on the edges of that. But I think we've got no big plans to announce at this point in time in terms of doing something differently there.
Mike Morris: Okay. And so Spence, I'd like to ask a couple of questions on the financial side, the first around the margins and contribution margin. In the past, you've spoken to a 40% domestic contribution margin target. Is that something that you still view as achievable? And maybe within that context when we talk about competition, do we need to spend more, say, on the marketing side than you previously anticipated as you achieve what you want to achieve on the subscriber side?
Spencer Neumann: Well, first, on margins, I guess -- so the good news is we did deliver over 40% contribution margin in the U.S. this quarter. It happens to be at the last quarter that we're looking at the business in that way as we talked about it in terms of changing the way we'll be reporting going forward. And we noted in the letter that we'll start reporting our revenues and our subscribers on a regional basis and then global operating margin. That's really because, as we move to a world where we're both licensing and producing more and more original programming on a global basis, segment margin is not really the way we think about the business. Increasingly, we think about managing to a global margin. We are breaking out that regional reporting on the revenue subscriber level because at that level, we are directly driving our business at a regional level. As we talked about this quarter, 90% of our growth is outside the U.S. And so we think about it in more than just U.S. versus international. Frankly, we -- in terms of our continuing to grow our margins, again, we look at it on a global basis. We're driving, we think, scale and efficiencies and margin growth across the board. Our content investment, while it's growing, it's growing slower than our revenue growth. And marketing, we'll market as we think appropriate and needed to grow our business. We have a very large increase in our marketing spend last year. So this year, you're seeing spend at similar levels to last year, and that's because we learned a lot. We learned a lot along the way. We'll continue to test and learn. So we find new and different ways to reach our members every day. And so we'll continue to turn the knobs there, but we're very conscious about continuing to drive up our operating margins on that global basis, the 300 basis point increase this year to 13%, and we talked about in the letter committing to 16% next year. So we'll continue to do that by driving efficiencies in the business while doing the requisite marketing to reach our members.
Mike Morris: And maybe we'll piggyback off some of those fundamental trends you just mentioned and talk about free cash flow as well. A little bit of a different dynamic with the investment on the cash side, but you talk about progress toward turning free cash flow positive. Can you give us insight on some of the levers there, how to think about -- and you referenced the coming year, so maybe just highlight that for us and then really a progression of to 2020 levels, what is your expectation.
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. Again, we're committed to, starting in 2020, improve our negative free cash flow profile. We talked about this year that we're expecting roughly negative $3.5 billion of negative free cash flow. Again, that is investment in future content to be delivered on our service. So we are profitable. We're increasingly profitable. So that's why we see in 2020, as we continue to grow our profit margins, continue to scale our business at what you've seen this year, which is nearly 30% revenue growth and then increasing margins, that ultimately translates into more cash flow that can be converted into content investment and improving that profile. So -- and we've also been transitioning from licensed second-run content into original programming, so that created some of that working capital pressure. But now the bulk of our content investment is original programming, so we've made it a long way up that curve. So the combination of our scale and our business model transition is well along, and that's why you're going to start to see that free cash flow improvement next year. And then beyond that, we're not going to give specific projections. We'll continue to scale gradually towards self-funding while we continue to go after our strategic priorities.
Spencer Wang: Mike, we have time for one or two last questions, please.
Mike Morris: Sure. Well, I'll take the opportunity to finish with a question for each of you, so maybe get a little bit of a 5 answer bonus here. But I'm curious what each of you, if you wouldn't mind sharing, are most looking forward to as we get through the next quarter and you come to your next earnings interview, what's the one thing that you're most excited about being able to talk about as we look out there. Maybe I'll start with you, Spencer, and we'll - for convenience, we'll work backward alphabetically by last name, so you guys can figure that out. Spencer, go ahead.
Spencer Wang: Great. I guess for me, maybe fewer questions from investors on competition, but I think that's pretty unlikely. So I'll say, what I'm, I guess, really excited about in the coming quarter is actually 6 Underground, a new original film from Ted's team. I'm a big action film junkie, so super excited about that.
Spencer Neumann: I guess I come next. So I'm super excited about The Irishman actually, can't wait to see that film. And also, frankly, it will be nice to have some of these competitive launches in the rearview mirror so that we can continue to look forward and all the things that we're excited about in terms of this huge global opportunity.
Mike Morris: Great. I'll go to Ted next.
Theodore Sarandos: Look, what I'm most excited about, we've got to be able to -- we have to do exactly what we're doing right now, which is we have to continue to make your favorite show, and we need to continue to deliver it to you seamlessly. And none of that changes in the upcoming. And I think when I look at the quarter ahead, these guys already mentioned Irishman and 6 Underground, but I also think there are some incredible things between there with things like Marriage Story, like The Two Popes from Fernando Meirelles and Laundromat from Steven Soderbergh. These are the most iconic directors of our time making their next film at Netflix. We have a building full of animators who have made the best animation for over the last decade making their next projects at Netflix. And I'm really excited to be able to come in and update you on those 2 over the next quarters.
Gregory Peters: And I'm pretty consistent with that. I think the opportunity to be able to expose our members to the kind of films that we are producing right now that are being released on Netflix in such a compelling way is going to be super exciting, and it's super fun to sort of look back on that and see how that goes.
Reed Hastings: I look forward to blowing away the numbers. Accuracy is good when we have it, only accuracy [without] accuracy. But it's super fun to blow away the numbers. So fingers crossed, we'll see every quarter. It's a - the forecast is a 50-50 guess, as you see for this year, and we'll see what comes.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2019 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, Spence Neumann; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Mike Morris from Guggenheim. As a reminder we'll be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to Mike for his first question.
Q - Michael Morris: Thank you, Spencer. Good afternoon. Let's jump right into the results and the member variance from guidance in particular. What changed during the quarter versus the outlook that you provided that made such a significant impact this quarter? And you didn't mention the content being perhaps a factor. I think that's really something we haven't focused on in the past in terms of driving the cyclicality, so maybe if could you talk about those things.
Reed Hastings: When we're forecasting, Mike, in the beginning of the quarter, we make our best estimate. And as you can see over the past 3 years, sometimes we're forecast high, sometimes we forecast low. This is one where we forecasted high. There was no one thing. And if I think about three years ago, we were also light, and we never really were confident of the explanation. Then, we were $2 billion in quarterly revenue. Now, we're going $5 billion. And so it's easy to over-interpret the quarter membership adds, which are a bit noisy. So for the most part, we're just executing forward and trying to do the best forecast we can. Do you want to add anything to that, Spence?
Spencer Neumann: Yes. Thanks, Reed. Maybe I'd just add the fact that when we think about those paid net add forecasted, it's really about the marginal growth, Mike. On a subscriber base, it's over 150 million members, so we're talking about plus or minus 1%, 2%, 3% in growth rates on subscribers on an annual basis that are growing over 20%. So if we look at the trailing 12 months, we grew our member base by over 27 million members. If you take that forward to where we think we'll be at the end of Q3, we think we'll be, on a trailing 12-month basis, over 28 million members. So we're really playing for the sustained increase in growth in our membership over time, and there'll be some quarter-by-quarter choppiness along the way based on things like seasonality and content slate and so forth.
Michael Morris: Can you provide a little more detail perhaps on the gross add versus the churn dynamic in the quarter, including -- there's the pricing dynamic I want to get to as well, but maybe if we just back up and look at gross adds versus churn and how that resulted in the net.
Spencer Neumann: Yes. Sure. I mean generally when we looked at the -- the slowdown in subscriber growth was across all of our regions. So you talk about our kind of top of funnel or gross adds, we saw that slowdown across the board, which indicates to us some level of seasonality and kind of the overall, as we say, the kind of timing of the content slate. And also, frankly, maybe a little bit more pull forward of our subscriber growth from Q2 to Q1 because we had such a strong Q1 with 9.7 million paid net adds. But we also did see in regions where we increased prices, we did see some elevated churn rates and lower retentions. So it was a combination of those 2 things. We think the primary story was around seasonality and timing and nature of our content slate, but pricing played a factor. Now, the good news in all of that, as you saw, Mike, I think in the letter is that in the first couple of weeks of Q3, that growth has reaccelerated again. We're seeing both that top of funnel growth in acquisitions. We're also seeing improvement in those churn rates and retention back down towards those pre-price change levels. So overall, encouraged with the trends. And with regard to that pricing piece too, it's worth kind of reminding ourselves it's all -- that's all very revenue-accretive. So while there may be some short-term slowdown in subscriber growth because of pricing, that increased revenue is very good for our business and ultimately for our members because we reinvest the bulk of that back into great content and great product experience for our members.
Michael Morris: Can we talk a little bit about that pricing cycle and where we are right now? So 2 things, I guess, specifically in the U.S. by June, the entire membership base seen a price increase such that there wouldn't be a lagging impact in the September quarter. And then internationally, obviously it's much broader. Can you highlight any particular markets, anything you can help us size the portion of your member base that is processing through those pricing increases?
Spencer Neumann: Greg, do you want to take that or do you want me to take it?
Gregory Peters: I'm happy to do that. So I mean in the U.S. situation, we're through all those notifications. Obviously in the international perspective, we've got different markets in different places. But I would say just in terms of helping you size that, I mean we've built obviously that into our forecast for our Q3, so those effects we've already tried to account for and categorize in that forecast.
Michael Morris: Okay. Great. And then, Spence, one other question with respect to the [letter in] [ph] the outlook. It's the second consecutive quarter you've come ahead in operating income relative to your guide. You're maintaining the same full year guidance. I know that you've referenced the marketing, but help us there with, again, maybe why the timing. From your perspective, forecasting hasn't been as clear given that it feels that you would know when certain marketing was coming through.
Spencer Neumann: Well, it's marketing we have -- and Ted should chime in, too -- but we have some discretion as to when we choose to support titles. And so we're really -- when you look at the back half content slate that we have, we're very excited about -- with Stranger Things 3 already launching, but then shows like Casa de Papel and Crown and big movies in the fourth quarter and money -- sorry, I already mentioned Money Heist, sorry. But there's just -- there's a lot of content to support, so I think it was just really discretion of the team to move some and shift some of that marketing spend into later -- to the latter half of the year.
Michael Morris: Okay. So with some of these pressing topics covered a bit, Reed, usually we'll start with an overview question. And so I guess, we're halfway through the year now, this dynamic perhaps aside, any change to your view of the business strategically overall? And I guess embedded in that is touching on that question of your confidence about the growth outlook going forward, and why an investor shouldn't look at this quarter and say perhaps the business is approaching maturity more quickly than we anticipated.
Reed Hastings: Yes. I mean if you look over the past 12 years that we've been streaming, in the beginning, there was Hulu and Amazon and YouTube and Netflix and we've all been growing at tremendous rates over the last 12 years. And now it's really catching on in a big way around the world and we're having a lot of new competitors enter over the next year. And I think our position is excellent. We're building amazing capacity for content. Our products have never been in better shape. Our rate of investment is extremely high. So if investors believe in Internet television, which I think is an easy one to get there, then our position in that market is very strong. And all of the key things are coming our way in terms of, again, stronger content and a stronger service.
Spencer Wang: And Mike, if I could just add on your topic of maturation, I would just also point out that revenue growth did accelerate by 400 basis points in Q2 versus Q1. If you look at our guidance as well for Q3, I think you'll see that trend continue as well. So financially, I think that's actually a sign that things are picking up or continuing to grow very steadily.
Michael Morris: Great. Thank you for that.
Theodore Sarandos: I'd also just add too, on a similar or in the same vein, is on a show-by-show or film-by-film basis, we're also seeing -- hitting new heights in terms of viewer penetration and audience reach as well.
Michael Morris: Okay. Okay. Great. Let's expand the discussion a little bit. Greg, over the past year plus, we've talked about some of the partnerships that Netflix has struck with the traditional video and wireless providers. I understand each can be different. There can be different accounting treatments. But perhaps can you give us an overview right now where we are on partnerships? Perhaps domestically in particular, how they're impacting the business? Did they have any impact during the quarter? Of course. But just in general, what do we look like in terms of those impacting and where we might go from here?
Gregory Peters: Sure. So yes, there's a long history of these partnerships starting back with sort of the simple device integrations back to the Xbox and Sony PlayStation, but the latest incarnation as we sort of added more capability to each partnership from just the simple device integrations and being able to access the experience, this sort of payment integration and things like that is this bundling that we are doing with pay-TV operators, with mobile operators. And to characterize where we are, we're still fairly early in that process, I would say, from a global perspective. But the bundles that we are doing are nice incremental accelerants to our acquisition, especially into a user population that may not be as tech-forward as the folks that sign up with us directly. They may not have a Smart TV connected to the Internet at home, they may not have an adapter product like a Roku or an Amazon Fire TV, but they do have a set-top box from their pay-TV operator, and if we can put the Netflix application in a nice seamless integration into that set-top box. If we can then include the actual subscription to Netflix as part of their pay-TV offering as a bundle, then it makes it super simple for those folks to be able to get the same kind of experience that our subscribers who sign up with us directly do and get the same benefits. So we're going to continue to expand those. We've got tons of opportunity, I'd say, globally around the world to add more and more partnerships, so we're still fairly early stages there. But I also -- our perspective is that we anticipate that, that bundle acquisition channel is a nice supplemental incremental component, but a minority component of our overall subscriber acquisition process.
Michael Morris: Okay. Let's turn a little internationally as well, Ted. Prior to the results today, data that we had seen indicated some strength in particular markets that seems content-driven strength in France and Germany in particular in Europe; Japan, South Korea in Asia. Curious if you could characterize any particular markets that -- I realize you mentioned the relative weakness. The guide was across the board. But any particular markets seeing more of a tailwind right now, particularly a content-driven tailwind?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, one that we're going to be looking for starting this week is going to be La Casa de Papel that Spencer just mentioned. This is our largest non-English show, [indiscernible] throughout the world at a very high level. We also have Elite and Chicas del Cable from Spain that are enormously popular shows, and new seasons coming in the quarter. And Sacred Games from India, which was a big driver for us in its first season, dropping a new season this quarter as well. And in the past 3 months with the release out of Germany of How to Sell Drugs Online, The Rain season 2 from Denmark and Quicksand from Sweden, what's been amazing is they've been deeply relevant in the home country, traveled the region very, very well and it found global audiences. So the 3 shows I just mentioned from Germany, Denmark and Sweden have 12 to 15 million global watchers. So we're seeing some real locally, regionally and globally relevant content coming from all over the world.
Michael Morris: Great. And you mentioned India. It's a topic we like to dab a bit more into because of the size of the market, of course. So I guess for Ted and for Greg also, in this market in particular, as we approach the second season of Sacred Games, a bit of a milestone, where are we on the content offering? I think you've referenced some other markets where you can start with an original, it gets some traction, but you really need a certain amount of bulk to offer there. So where are we in the content offering in India? I also know you mentioned or I have seen reference that you have five other shows, particularly series or projects that we have a green light. And then, Greg, perhaps tied in with the question about product pricing, you made a reference in the letter to some new pricing. Can you talk a little bit more about both the product and pricing in India in particular?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. Before we get into pricing, the only thing I would like to add is that our -- we announced five new originals for India. The one we're also really excited about later on this year is Baahubali, which is our first step into a really large-scale Indian original film. It's based on a film that was hugely popular a year ago, and this is a series prequel/sequel model that we think is going to be incredibly popular in India. And we've been seeing steady -- nice steady increases in engagement with our Indian viewers that we think we can keep building on. Growth in that country is a marathon. So we're in it for the long haul and we're seeing nice steady progress.
Gregory Peters: So as we're expanding that content offering and seeing that engagement grow, we think that there's an opportunity then to be able to broaden the access to the service and so more people can enjoy that increasingly relevant content offering. So that's clearly the motivator behind adding this mobile tier offering, which we think -- it's going to be a lower price point. In a market where the typical pay-TV package is under $5, we think we need to have a lower price offering to improve the accessibility, but also one that complements the existing tiering structure that we have. So that's the primary motivator for that move, so we can broaden the audience that can love that content, enjoy that content that Ted's team is making. And that's great because like when we launched Sacred Games season 2, when you have a bigger audience for it, that means we can create more social buzz and more excitement about that show. So we're doing that. We're also working on the partnerships we have in the market because we think there's specific opportunities to improve accessibility via those partnerships as well.
Michael Morris: Great. And Reed, broader question. How do you view your potential subscriber base globally? I think a lot of us use the sort of broadband -- connected broadband marketplace, but how do you see it? I would imagine you see it as larger than that. And historically, you've given us the 60 million to 90 million member outlook for the U.S. Would you be willing to put some parameters on what you think the global opportunity could be? Or why wouldn't you?
Reed Hastings: Well, we do wonder, in the fullness of time, can we be as big as YouTube? YouTube is 7x larger than us roughly in viewing hours, and a phenomenal service. Of course, it's free. So the real question is can we produce enough content that people are willing to pay for? If you look at benchmarks, it's about 700 million households that pay for television outside of China, so that would be kind of the equivalent of the U.S., 100 million, so that's one established market. Now, do we have enough content in each of those countries? Most of that is local content that gets consumed. But the Internet is capable of some very large customer bases, as you I'm sure well know. So we'll just take it year-by-year and try to have our net adds continue to grow. We still think our net adds this year will be larger than last year. We'll keep pushing on that. And what we want to do is just grow the net adds every year and then the future takes care of itself.
Michael Morris: Great. I want to talk about a couple of broader strategic topics here. Reed, in the past, you've clearly stated that you view your competition for consumers' time pretty broadly, sleep, video games, et cetera. The financial press though loves this concept of streaming wars between Netflix and a number of existing and new platforms. So do you think that streaming wars is a fairer characterization of what the future holds for Netflix and for video entertainment?
Reed Hastings: Yes. I mean high level, it is. Certainly, all of Ted's world is very competitive. It's never been a better world for talent. They get to bid themselves off between us, Disney, Amazon, et cetera. So there's a real battle for who will pay for content around the world, but it's not a zero-sum competition. I think everybody gets that people will subscribe to multiple shows. Add wage -- most Netflix employees are HBO subscribers. We love the content they do and that spurs us on to want to be even better. So it's a great competition that helps grow the industry. And the advantage of having something catchy like the streaming wars is it draws more attention. And because of that, people, consumers shift more quickly from linear TV to the streaming TV.
Michael Morris: Great. Greg, over the past 12 months, you've spent -- the company spent approximately $1.5 billion on technology. I mean a couple of specific questions. First, can you help us understand sort of the scalable part of that spend versus the incremental part of that spend? And maybe to the extent you can quantify, Greg, to the extent you can perhaps talk about the types of things that would fit into 1 of those two buckets, that would be great. And I think also a question that we get is really how your technology spend can be a competitive advantage in this competition for subscribers. So is there anything you can point to from the consumer perspective where you really feel like it's, whether we see it or we just enjoy it, that separates the Netflix platform from the competition there?
Gregory Peters: Yes. There's a lot there, so let me try and take it piecewise. I would say the majority of that spend we would say is a fixed cost investment which returns increasing benefits at scale. So as we grow our business, we get higher leverage off that fixed cost investment. There is a small portion of that, that I would say is sort of incremental to how we scale that -- you can think of that as either on the deliveries cost side. We seek to invest on the content delivery side to make that more efficient, so that's a fixed cost, but then we obviously have certain elements of that cost which just scales as we grow the business as we deliver more streams, right? But a couple of examples on this so you can see the benefits from a consumer perspective, just to pick a few. So one is when we think about sort of our encode efficiency. And this is how we actually take the moving pictures that our creators produce and then reduce them into a digital form so that we can actually deliver them to a variety of different clients, a variety of different devices around the world in a wide, wide range of network conditions back to like gigabit-plus, constantly reliable all the way to super flaky networks that we see in markets, let's say, in a mobile environment. And so we try and make that encoding process so good that pretty much we are maximizing the capability that we have, the connection that we have to any given consumer in that wide range of environments at any point in time. So obviously, that's the consumer benefit is realizing just a good quality picture experience and more engagement, more compelling immersiveness in the content. So that would be an example on that kind of fixed cost return.
Reed Hastings: And Greg, about how many AV tests do you guys have running currently?
Gregory Peters: So let's say, in a year, we'll run, let's say, 400 is a good benchmark. And these are situations where we're -- we have a theory, a hypothesis of how do we present a better experience which is more compelling to our users which gives them a better experience, more engagement. And we'll test it out and then based on how the users actually use the service, we'll determine if that hypothesis was correct or not. And obviously, the ones that work, that are a better experience will roll out largely to our whole universe typically of users around the world.
Michael Morris: Great. A place you didn't quite mention was the user interface itself. We do get questions about discovery and particularly with all the content that's being invested in. There's a survey that I just read about from Nielsen. 2/3 of streaming users know what they want to watch when they go to the service, but another 1/3 look and they spend 8 to 10 minutes, according to the survey, looking for something to watch. So that's my question for you. Does that seem right based on anything you've seen? But also, is that a good thing or a bad thing? And where is the interface, from your perspective, to making that great?
Gregory Peters: Sure. I mean we obviously track those numbers. We have our own metrics that we use around how our members engage with the service, how much time they spend in the discovery process, et cetera. So we have our own view on that. And I think the Nielsen numbers are -- they're a good sound-bite, but don't reflect the typical experience. And I would say generally, I think we're doing a pretty good job as evidenced by sort of our growth and engagement and general growth in subscribers. Now, having said that, we're bringing a tremendous number of titles to the service and many titles which people don't know. They haven't heard of it before. So we have an opportunity to continually improve and get better and better in how we present the right titles to the right audience and in a way which is meaningful to them, which explains to them why a show is relevant to them and gets them excited about watching that. And so a lot of those 400, call it, AV tests that we run in a year are around trying to figure out how do we do a better job at that. And we have a healthy road map of good ideas about how to make that better and better, and we're excited about that. We think that, that is a competitive advantage. If we do a good job there, we can deliver a better service experience that unlocks the value of our content library in a more effective way.
Michael Morris: Great. Great. Okay. So I want to talk about some key content-related items. And I think we know the well-publicized topics that I want to get to. But first, Ted, can we just talk about your current strategic point of view on investing? And I'm thinking about allocation of resources across a couple of vectors, global versus local market-focused content, films versus series, and I think Netflix-branded versus licensed. Just if you could tell a sort of from a high level where you stand on how you're splitting your resources there.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, one of those three that cut across all of them is the original branded content versus license, which is producing the kind of programming that is globally relevant and globally important. And I think we've seen shows like Stranger Things right now that plays almost completely globally, performing off the charts in every country in the world. We saw similarly last quarter with Umbrella Academy, a show that is incredibly a global show. So there's plenty of content that is global and there's a lot of content that's very, very specifically local, and we're balancing constantly between those 2. And every once in a while, you get something out of like La Casa de Papel from Spain that also becomes a global phenomenon that has nothing to do with what we've seen for -- since the beginning of film and television, that almost all content that travels the world is in English from America, and we're seeing those dynamics change pretty rapidly. But at the same time, it's a very large audience and about most of the English-speaking content travels. So we're constantly doing those trade-offs between the 2. The overarching strategy that we're continuing to drive toward is, over 6 years ago, we got into original programming, betting that the license program would be more and more difficult to come by and that maybe the sources of original -- of license -- of content to license for will be under different levels of strain. That has paid off, we think. We think it's been very important to the business to continue pushing down that road, so the more international, more global, more original film. We also have a large investment coming up in animation that will serve us to see some of the fruits from early next year. So we think we're betting in all the areas of content that our consumers love.
Michael Morris: And just a follow-up. Film has been something where, clearly, we've seen more volume and more focus, at least on a relative basis. Can you talk about why film is incrementally important for the platform overall relative to the series? And is it fair to say that more effort is going there? Because it certainly feels like it from our perspective.
Theodore Sarandos: I would say more effort than in the past couple of years and I'd say more successful effort in the last -- than in the last couple of years. So that's what I've been most excited about. When you see a film like Murder Mystery hit an audience as large as it has, you'd start thinking, well, we really aren't benchmarking against our ability to license Pay 1 movies. We're benchmarking against the consumer perception of what movie they want to see on Friday night. So that competition is for very large-scale films, for very intimate indie films and everything in between. And I think the team has done an incredible job this year in punching those films out into the zeitgeist, becoming the most talkable moments like Bird Box, like Murder Mystery. We think in Q4, with Irishman and 6 Underground, that these are the kind of films that people just think about when they want to watch a movie and they're not -- not when they want to watch a pay-TV movie.
Michael Morris: Great. So you mentioned this, Ted, and I'm happy to ask you and open it up more broadly, but really a big question about the high-profile content coming off the service over the course of the next year or so. I think the first question is about impact, and you addressed it a bit in the letter, but when -- we have The Office, we have Friends, we have the Disney-branded content in particular coming off the platform. So again, you addressed it a bit. I'd love to hear any expansion on it. One is just how much of the viewing consumption does this make up? Either person-by-person, I think there'd be differences between the amount of viewing and the number of members that are viewing it for one day. There's also a domestic and international dynamic. And then also just the sort of historical precedent. You have had content like Family Guy, X-Files, things like that, that has come off. What -- help us with the precedent to how we should think about this.
Theodore Sarandos: Since we started streaming 12 years ago, the consistent dynamic is that content comes and goes. The licenses come on, they expire, they get competitive, they go somewhere else, that's been true. This is the kind of second round with the Pay 1 Disney films. Remember back in the day, we used to license them through Starz and had them on Netflix and it was a big swing off, along with films from Sony at the same time. So we've seen the entire output from Fox. We've seen the entire Nickelodeon kids output come and go on the site. And we grow through that by, we believe, by making these early investments in original programming and getting our consumer and our members much more attuned to the expectation that we're going to create their next favorite show, not that we're going to be the place where you can get anything every time. And we think there's more value in that proposition than there would be in the kind of low price aggregator.
Spencer Neumann: Mike, the only thing I might add to that is just, as Ted said, we've been planning for this for a long time, but when you look at our -- we don't have any overconcentration in any single studio or any single show. We talked about it in the letter. Any single show, even the most viewed shows are single-digit -- low single-digit percentages of viewing. And there is going to be -- as content rolls off the service and when and if it rolls off the service, it's going to be over time. If you look out 3, 4, 5 years from now, that second run license content, there's still a very meaningful portion of what's on the service today that will still be on the service 4 or 5 years from today. So we're just going to continue to focus on our strategy of developing more and more original programming. And obviously, as Ted said, if there's a second round license programming that's available, then that's still part of the business.
Michael Morris: Understood. Before, we talked about that allocation of budget there. The international versus domestic dynamic for some of that specific high-profile content that's coming off, is the consumption of it and the availability of it consistent on a global basis? Or is this primarily a domestic phenomenon? How should we think about that?
Theodore Sarandos: It's primarily domestic now. Like it's -- by way of example, we just recently added Big Bang Theory to a lot of our international territory. We never had it available to our -- in the U.S. So I think it's international -- it's more of a domestic-driven initiative today that -- and success, we believe, it will be an international one, too.
Michael Morris: Okay. And then, of course, you're spending money on this content. So it's not like it's just leaving -- you have resources being freed up, if you will.
Theodore Sarandos: Absolutely.
Michael Morris: When we talk about though the availability of product, if there's one thing to take a sort of iconic piece of content off the shelf and not have to have it recreated. When we think about redeploying that money and expanding your budget even further for originals, are there constraints on whether it be talent, any types of resources available? Or do you think that there's ample opportunity to go out and redeploy that?
Theodore Sarandos: We definitely think there's ample opportunity, particularly across film and television. Like we said, a couple of years ago, we were not investing in animation at all. And today, we're investing very aggressively. I also think that the emergence of the next global storyteller being from anywhere in the world certainly opens up that opportunity, and we are becoming much more seasoned producers all over the world to do that.
Michael Morris: Okay. Great. Now, you are investing more on your own capabilities, of course. And Greg, I think that one thing that we don't talk about much is the technology side of the studio and production. Is there an opportunity for Netflix as a technology company in addition to being a media company to take advantage of some opportunities to be a more efficient studio, a better studio in terms of what you're working with Ted on?
Gregory Peters: Yes. So if you think about the number of titles that we are producing and the strength that we have in technology and analytics, we do think that there is an opportunity back to the discussion we just had around making a fixed cost investment, either in terms of efficiency benefits or outcome benefits, just the quality of the dollars that get to the screen that impact the user across the range of titles that we are producing. Now, I would say it's early days here. So we're trying now replacing a bunch of bets and we'll see sort of how those bets play out. But just to give you a sense of -- make it a little bit less abstract and more concrete, when you think about after show or a movie has been made, you make a trailer to promote that. We use this on-service. We use this off-service, right? And typically, the first step in that process is someone goes through and they look at all of the scenes in that show, for example, and they inventory like who are the characters, what's happening there, and that sort of provides us index so that they can actually take that material and then from that, use that index to assemble, in the creative process, what's a compelling trailer. Well, we can increasingly use automation, use a technology investment to basically do that indexing process so that our trailer creators can really focus their time and energy on the creative process, taking the result of that automated process and putting together something which is super compelling, tells a story of what the show is in an authentic way and makes it more attractive to users. That's just one example of the kind of investments that we are making that we think have that kind of returning leverage against scale.
Theodore Sarandos: And I would just add that being an efficient producer is a very good thing to do obviously, but being an efficient distributor and being an efficient marketer is P&L-changing. So that's a way to think about. We're working in all 3 of those things at the same time.
Michael Morris: Great. I want to move a little bit to the reporting and the granular reporting of data that you referenced on the last call. One of the places we're seeing it more clearly is in the U.K. with the top 10 list. So my 2 questions are, #1, can you share any results from that U.K. top 10 list, #1? And #2, what can we, as consumers or members, expect going forward? And then I have one follow-up with respect to what it means for the talent, of course.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, the one thing we are -- we said this in the last call as well. We think we are being much more transparent with the creators and increasingly with the public in terms of what's being viewed on Netflix, mostly because I think people use a lot of different inputs to figure out what they want to see, and popularity is definitely one of them. And we're trying to figure out how to balance off popularity against some all the other personalization tools to get people that opportunity that if they want to see what everyone else is watching in their country, in their city, in their town, that we can present that to them in a way that helps them make better choices. But in general, I think we're still testing the best application of that and it's still very much in active testing mode.
Gregory Peters: Yes. I'd just want to comment. I think we feel like there's a great way to actually enable that personalization, but enable popularity signaling for the users that want it. It's just basically looking at the folks that use that popularity as a factor in the decision-making they take about on what to watch next and making sure that those popularity signals are available and very present for those users. And for users who don't seem to want that, then we can sort of make those less present.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. And there -- as an example of a very granular piece of data that we shared recently was in the first 4 days of Stranger Things 3, more than 18 million people watched the entire season. And why share that number? Because the very next follow-on to that was, wow, I'm one of those 18 million. I want to tell my friends about it. Or oh my God, I want to be one of those 18 million. Or are you one of those 18 million? So it creates a lot of excitement in the fan base when you can give them some data to chew on.
Michael Morris: So from a public perspective or from a member perspective, should we expect more consistency in that type of data? Or is it going to be a one-off on selected items that you feel are valuable?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. I think we'll be increasingly transparent with producers and then, over time, more and more. I really like that it's important for us to help condition the market to understand what the viewing data is so it's not being compared apples-to-oranges against things that are not similar. And right now, if we start publishing tomorrow, we'd be the only streaming service doing it.
Michael Morris: Right. Right. So the value of this data to your content partners, content creators, as you create more of these large-budget films, you have actors or other talent that historically perhaps were compensated on box office performance. How are you approaching that when you want to make these big-budget films and you want to incentivize talent? And maybe the flip side to that is perhaps you have a little protection if a film doesn't do as well. In the traditional model, is there a way that this data starts giving you both the incentive and the protection?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. I think -- and what we're trying to do is it's a very new model, particularly for box office-friendly talent who want to make their next big film in Netflix. So we have to figure out a model that, in success, how would they be compensated? The fact that it's guaranteed, there's some discount applied for that. And in fact, if it's paid out over a quicker period, there will be discounts applied for that. But ultimately, we want the economics to be pretty neutral or at least are similar to what they would be if they had a big hit film in the theaters. And that's what we negotiate film-by-film, talent with -- actor-by-actor.
Michael Morris: Great. I'll open this up to anyone, Reed perhaps. Looking at the product placement or rather product partnerships for Stranger Things, certainly very high profile, a lot of buzz, very broad. In the letter, you referenced it as being more about building the product itself versus monetizing. Does it become a monetizeable part of the business at some point? Or put differently, expand a bit on the benefit of doing that and how that might be broadened to other properties.
Reed Hastings: Well, we're monetizing it today in more membership growth. The focus is get more people excited about Stranger Things. So they join Netflix. They tell their friends about it. So this year, we'll add about $5 billion of incremental subscription revenue, which is almost all of gross margin, and that's faster than any entertainment company has grown in the history of the world. So what we want to do is keep that engine going, keep that subscriber engine going and not get distracted with alternative revenue sources which just don't add up when you're growing $5 billion a year. So the core focus is create all these merchandising opportunities, tie-ins, touch points so that you feel the Stranger Things energy so that more people join. So together, as we do monetize all that, it's just we're monetizing it through our giant engine rather than through little sidecar vehicles.
Spencer Wang: Mike, I think we have one more...
Theodore Sarandos: You should think about -- particularly in the case of Stranger Things 3, you should think about all those product partnerships as a character in the film -- in the show. Remember, the show is set in 1985 and it's set in the heart of -- when the big summer blockbuster movies were jammed with product placement, and there was really a creative choice when they talked about pitching that season out more than -- almost two years ago.
Spencer Wang: Mike, we have time for one last question, please.
Michael Morris: Okay. Great. Usually, we like to do a big picture, but this is one very specific financial question that we get a lot, and it's really about the margin potential of the business over time. I think it ties together a lot of these different things that we just talked about. But Spencer, we've had the chance to hear your opinion a bit. I'd love to hear you expand on it. Because Netflix is a single revenue stream product, you are very clear in the letter that advertising is not part of your future despite what we read in the press. Can Netflix ever achieve the type of margins that we've seen historically out of cable networks, be it an HBO, which is a unique single revenue model whether -- or another network that was a dual revenue stream? Or are we inherently going to be sub-historical average margins for Netflix on a global basis?
Spencer Neumann: I mean, you take it or you, Reed? I can take it.
Reed Hastings: You got to do it.
Spencer Neumann: Okay. Well, look, yes, I think, yes, we've demonstrated over the last few years that we're focused on building a very healthy long-term business model and growing those margins roughly 300 basis points for the last few years to a target of 13% this year. When we go for -- when I look forward in terms of the margin potential and scale the business, first, Reed talked about it a bit earlier, our aspiration, for a business that's already at 150 million paying members, is to be a multiple of our current size. So that is a network with a relative scale for a premium entertainment network that really hasn't been seen before for those comparables that you mentioned in terms of those historical margins, so that works in our favor.  And we also think about the revenue per any individual subscriber, and whether that's advantaged with a dual revenue stream or a single revenue stream. And our calculus now for building a global network is that we're best served to focus on that single revenue stream, winning those moments of truth with a great member experience and then continuing to price occasionally against that in a great value proposition when we start with great content, create experience and then offer it at a reasonable price. We think we can do that in a way that obviously continues to scale margins in a very healthy way. We're not going to provide specific guidance. But when you look at those comparables, there are some things that work in our favor and some things that don't. So scale is in our favor. We think the subscription model is a terrific model for us. So certainly, we believe that there's going to be more margin accretion over time. And again, I'm going to kind of leave it at that, but you can assume that we have a long way to go.
Theodore Sarandos: And Mike, well, we don't want to end on something that dry. I could say two things really quickly. One would be that -- to congratulate HBO on an incredible record-breaking year at the -- for Emmy nominations. They continue to be the gold standard that we chase, and we're really thrilled for them. And also to the end of this month, in July 26, we're going to wrap up our seventh season, our seventh and final season of Orange is the New Black. And I wanted to thank Jenji Kohan for her incredible vision that helped really drive this whole idea of Internet television to new heights. And the show wraps up in a really incredible and emotional high and we hope the fans love it.
Michael Morris: Awesome. Great. Thank you for livening that up, Ted.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Mike.
Michael Morris: Thanks.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-16 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to Netflix Q1 2019 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, Spencer Neumann; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Eric Sheridan from UBS. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to Eric for the first question. 
Q - Eric Sheridan: Thank you, Spencer. Reed, I'd love to start with you. Now that we're three months into 2019, against your broader goals for what you're expecting for the business in 2019, what are the key messages you want to share with investors on how the first three months of the year went?
Reed Hastings: Well, we put in the earnings letter, our weekly net adds and it's just phenomenal how steady and smooth and up into the right that is to start off the year with over 9.5 million net additions, it's a phenomenal start. So steady progress, basically the same as many prior quarters cranking away on amazing content, amazing service and steady growth around the world.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe sticking with that theme on the subscriber front, we'd love to understand some of what you saw internationally in subscriber strength. There were some particular pieces of content that seemed to resonate globally on an individual and on a worldwide basis, so I'd love to ask both from a content perspective and a subscriber growth perspective, maybe to Ted and Greg, how are you thinking about the subscriber performance, especially internationally in Q1?
Ted Sarandos: Well, the one thing that was good about in terms of the content connection is the things that worked best that we called on the letter are things that worked around the world, which was really fantastic. And then we had some great international breakouts where they really helped drive excitement in, by the way of example, a Kingdom in Korea that did phenomenal and get watched and it's getting watched all over the world and throughout the region. So, yeah, we think we've been able to work on a very local basis and very global basis with the content this year, this quarter.
Greg Peters: And then from the product perspective, yeah, the basic model that we've seen consistently across pretty much all the markets that we operate in is, as we launch our service, we get a chance to learn from our members, they tell us what content we incrementally need to provide to them, we do better job at that, how we modify the product experience, what we need to add from a payments perspective, from a partners perspective, and we're seeing that basically in all the markets that we operate in the world. And so, the longer we've been in that territory like Europe, it's a great example, we've got a lot of stuff dialed in and consumers are really loving us and that's leading to a great accelerating growth.
Eric Sheridan: Ted, maybe following up with you on local content that goes global, you've got a number of hits now that started as local language and went global, are you getting better at identifying what those pieces of content might be. What are your learnings as you're getting more of those types of successes in the model?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we've kept one strict principle around it, which was that these shows have to be very locally relevant and to do that, you have to be pretty authentically local. So, what we're trying not to do is try to in-authentically make a global show, because basically that doesn't work for anybody. So the more authentically local the show is, the better it travels, which we've seen with Kingdom, so fans of K-Drama around the world loved that show and it resonated incredibly well for us in Korea. Similarly, coming up, we have a new season of The Rain coming out this quarter, that is perfectly Swedish. We don't try to make it -- water it down or make it travel any better inorganically and it found that the best way to make global stories is to make them incredibly authentically local.
Eric Sheridan: So, Greg, maybe coming back to you on the subscriber front, you had some information in the letter about the amount of traffic globally that you get from mobile, but we're continuing to see performance above what we thought in terms of download of Netflix app on phones globally. Can you talk a little bit about mobile as a stimulant for both traffic, subscriber growth, and how you might go after that on the product side over the medium and long term?
Greg Peters: Sure. I think the most important, the headline message there is actually frankly how much time we don't win on the mobile experience, right. So over -- in 97.5% around the world, people are using other different entertainment services, other ways to enjoy their time on their mobile phone. But certainly what we are seeing is that mobile is an increasing way for us to attract new subscribers. It's a great place for folks to find out about Netflix, to sign up for the service, even if they're signing up for the service on mobile and then they're watching on other devices like the TV, which we see as a common paradigm.  It works really well with our partners, because whether it's handset partners, which we can work to sort of preload our application on or actually the mobile operators which we can work on increasingly doing things like bundling the Netflix as part of their standard offering, which you see us doing more and more around the world. It's a great way for us to make it super simple for our members to sign up for Netflix and enjoy that experience.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe I'll start with Spencer, but would love a couple of different perspectives on this. It was a solid outperformance on margin in the quarter and the company talked about shifting some expenses into the later part of the year than maybe what you'd envisioned when you had guided Q1. Can you talk a little bit about how the cost structure evolved in the business in Q1, how that margin outperformance came about and maybe give a little bit more granularity on those shift in costs as you look through the better part of 2019?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, sure. I think that the takeaway is, we're overall very pleased with our continued margin progression. We guided at the beginning of the year to increasing our margins by 300 basis points for the full year to 13%. We came in this quarter slightly ahead. Part of this, we're continuing to scale our business in terms of some combination of content and marketing spend, in particular, growing at a slower rate than revenue in this quarter, in particular I think you saw that on the marketing line where we had a lot of both growth and experimentation in marketing last year, which we talked about. We talked about the fact that we would level off that growth this year and you saw that come into play in Q1, which was a meaningful driver of that margin expansion. The timing in the quarter was not all that significant. There were some spend, particularly on timing of some creative spend and creative development spend on the marketing side in particular that shifted to later in the year as well as some content spend, but nothing material and we are well on track to that 13% full year margin.
Eric Sheridan: And just to follow up there, Spence, just to make sure we understand the message from the letter. Still second half versus first half should be the way investors think about the margin profile of the business this year against that broader 13% goal?
Spencer Neumann: Yes, Sheridan, I mean, you'll see some margin expansion as you can see in the guide for Q2 as well and then it will continue to expand in the back half of the year. As you know, there have been some price adjustments in the first half of the year that have been flowing through, so that also between that and just our member growth, we'll see the benefit of that margin expansion in the back half.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one more on the quarter in the letter itself, back to you, Ted, for second quarter in a row, you gave a lot of information about consumption of the product in the quarter and some of the watch statistics. So Id love both Ted and Reed maybe to weigh in on how you think about the type of watch and engagement statistics the company is getting when measured against the broader media landscape, what that means for the company longer term and whether we can expect to continue to hear that from the company going forward?
Ted Sarandos : Yeah, definitely. We're trying to get to a place where we could be a lot more transparent, both with our producers and with our customers who are incredibly interested in helping them make better choices by based on -- and so a lot of times, that's influenced heavily by what's the world watching. So being able to share some of those numbers gives people a better sense of what things that they might be interested in as well.  And just real quickly, [indiscernible] but obviously this show is from Denmark. But I wanted to point out that over the next several months, we're going to be rolling out more specific granular reporting first to our producers and then to our members and of course to the press over time and be more fully transparent about what people are watching on Netflix around the world.
Eric Sheridan: And Reed, how do you think about the broader media landscape? What Netflix is trying to sell for and go after as a big opportunity over time when measured against the type of watch or engagement just statistics that company is putting up against their original content?
Reed Hastings: I think we're just beginning to start to share that data, as Ted mentioned, and we'll be leaning into that more quarter-by-quarter. But the big picture for our members is, they watch all kinds of things. I mean, our members are watching pay-per-view and DVDs, our members are watching linear, our members are watching Fortnite or playing Fortnite, it's all of these things. So think of it as -- the real metric is, can we keep our members happy and grow that subscriber base as we did so strongly in Q1.
Eric Sheridan: So maybe sticking with you, Reed, you had a section in the letter about Disney, some of the competition that's coming into the broader landscape, maybe just help people frame how you see the competitive landscape? How do you see those types of products existing alongside or in competition to Netflix? And what your sort of view is of the landscape going forward?
Reed Hastings: Sure. Well, one part is great competition makes you better. And so, we're thrilled to have Apple and Disney in, they are awesome companies and just to be in the same league as them is very exciting for us. And then on a practical basis, there's already so much competition. I mean, we mentioned we only win 2% of downloading on mobile, it's like 98% of the time people are not doing Netflix on US televisions, it's 90% are not watching Netflix, so there's a ton of competition out there and Disney and Apple add a little bit more, but frankly I doubt it will be material, because again there's already so many competitors for entertainment time, which is great for consumers and it's exciting for us.
Eric Sheridan: Greg, I'd love to take that answer and maybe go to you next of how you think about the product itself when you see potential new competitors coming to the field, what do you think some of the big differentiators you have on the product side, how do you think about pricing as a company longer term and maybe where you want to take the product medium to long term?
Greg Peters: Sure. I mean, again back to Reed's model, we sort of see this broad landscape of competition and our job is to think about every touchpoint that we have with the service and how can we make it incrementally more compelling, how do we connect our members with the amazing content that we're making in a way which is new and differentiating, you talked about international, that's a great opportunity where we think about localizing this content well, whether it's in subtitles or dubbing and then actually explaining to our members, connecting our members with those stories in a meaningful way, which then opens up them to watch TV shows or movies from around the world, from countries that they never would have conceived of doing before and I think that's a huge example of the opportunity we have to bring this global platform to bear and the right kind of product experience to create differentiation. And then with regard to pricing, I would say, again back to this sort of framework of broad, broad competition where a bunch of different entertainment options are being provided all sorts of different models, some ad-based, subscription at different pricing points, we don't really think there is sort of an immediate equivalency or substitution. And so mostly it's about how do we create more value, how do we put the right content and present it in the right way that's compelling and differentiating for our members. If we think we do a great job at that, we'll just win more of those viewing hours, we'll deliver more value to our members and we'll be able to grow from a subscriber perspective like we did this quarter.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe turning to Q2, where you laid out -- the company laid out its vision for subscriber growth and talked a little bit about ARPU in Q2 as well, maybe talk a little bit broadly, I don't know, maybe Spence and then going to Greg as well, talk about the building blocks of the way in which you're framing the subscriber growth going forward in Q2, the price increases that are going through in a number of jurisdictions, what that means for ARPU, what it means for churn, so investors can better understand that.
Spencer Neumann: Yeah, sure. I can start and then others can chime in. You can see that we got it to 5 million of paid net adds in Q2, which is similar to where we were a year ago. There's definitely some seasonality to our business, which we see in Q2, you see that again this year, but I'd say in general, our paid net adds are very much in line with what we've been planning and targeting for the year. On a first half of the year basis, you see that's 7% year-over-year growth. The specific growth in Q2 is more concentrated internationally, that's just as we talked about last quarter, we're rolling through our price changes in the US. So that has some moderation on our net adds and the good news there is that our -- the growth in our acquisition, it's consistent in terms of our ability to kind of grow our subscribers, there's just some temporary churn that enters the system in the midst of rolling out those price changes, but thats why you see more of the net adds weighted to our international segments in Q2.  But overall very healthy going according to plan and very strong growth for the first half of the year and putting us on track as we also mentioned in the letter for another year of record paid net add growth for the full year.
Greg Peters: And, Eric, just to add on to what Spence said, in the guidance, you will see that there is an acceleration in ASP growth as well as in revenue growth in Q2 relative to Q1 and that's a function of some of those price adjustments that we talked about earlier.
Eric Sheridan: One maybe follow up, because it did come in, in advance in a number of [indiscernible], when you think about churn with the price increase, do you look to historical trends or do you look to sort of near term trends, because this was an interesting price increase that it started rolling into effect in the middle of Q1 and it appears it'll be done in terms of going into effect towards the middle to back-end of Q2. What are the historical trends you've been looked to anchor yourself to or you sort of looking at other recent price increases on markets like Canada and others to inform how to guide?
Spencer Neumann: You want me to take that or --
Greg Peters: I would just say, maybe, there's a bunch of historical performance and modeling that we use to keep an eye on these things, but generally, I would say things are going as expected and this is one of those relatively infrequent moments where as we invest more in to service, more great content, we've got incredible movies coming like Irishman and 6 Underground, improving the product experience. We occasionally go back to our subscribers and ask them to contribute a little bit more, so that we can fund that next cycle of growth and everything that we're seeing right now is very consistent with that model.
Spencer Neumann: I would just add on to Greg too that as you know, even in the US, we -- for the first time, we increased our entry level pricing and the overall blended price increase was a bit, as a result, a little bit more significant than last time around and even with that, the churn levels are very consistent with -- when we last took pricing in the US. So it's all consistent with our plan and consistent with always what we've seen historically.
Eric Sheridan: Along those lines with pricing being driven by success on the content front, Ted, maybe you could talk a little bit, it's a very full content schedule as you get through Q2 and then the back part of the year, maybe frame a little bit about what you're excited to bring to members on Netflix? How so -- how that's lining up against some of the key investments you're making in some of the buckets like movies, local language content and some of the returning series that people know well on the platform?
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. Well, definitely in the third quarter, we've got new episodes and new seasons of some of our most loved and most watched shows on Netflix, Stranger Things, Casa de Papel, Orange Is the New Black, 13 Reasons Why, Elite, which was a big hit for us right out of Spain, a new season from Ryan Murphy of The Politician, a brand new show on Netflix that we think our audiences are going to love.  And then you start seeing later in the fourth quarter some of our bigger film investments coming through like Irishman, like 6 Underground and also a big new original series that we're currently shooting in Hungary called The Witcher, that is enormous European IP, very popular game and Book IP, that we think is going to make a really fun global series.  So we've got -- and then moving into our kids and family and our animated originals both on the feature side and on the series side, two of our bigger bets, Klaus will be on our fourth quarter animated features and Green Eggs and Ham from Ellen DeGeneres exec producing very ambitious 13 episode animated original series with the feature quality animation that's been in the work for about four years, we're really excited to bring to our members in the fourth quarter.
Eric Sheridan: Looking out to Q2 and the rest of the year, would love to ask a little bit about what you're seeing in India? I know you don't break out subscriber additions, but we'd love to understand some of the investments you made in content in India? How those investments in content are resonating in the marketplace? And then maybe Greg you can pick it up and talk a little bit about the product side and what you're seeing from an adoption standpoint in India as well?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we've been  we were super encouraged out of the gate with Love Per Square Foot and Sacred Games, where not only do we get a lot of viewing in India but it just took an incredible position in the zeitgeist where people were talking about and writing about the excitement of a show of the quality of Sacred Games. And then recently we followed it up again with Delhi Crime that people are also really loving it in India and is getting watched outside of India as well.  And most importantly, the steady drumbeat and then add to that another dozen original films coming in India that we're seeing the investment in local language content in India payback in the form of excitement and member growth and hours growth that's encouraging us to keep going.
Greg Peters: And as we sort of have that ongoing content investment and we're really providing stories that Indian consumers really love, it's an opportunity for us to look at how we broaden the accessibility of the service then to more and more Indian consumers. And so part of that is making sure that we have the right payments models in place and innovating and testing about our new models to make the Indian consumer feel like they have existing ways of paying that are natural to them that they can use to pay for Netflix. It's also much in partnership stuff. We launched a big partnership with Airtel, which is working for us quite well, so we can use different go-to-market mechanisms already exist that any consumers aren't familiar with to make it easy for them to just sign up for the service and try it out.  And frankly, we're also trying to do a bunch of experimentation with just our plan structure and thinking about pricing and plans and what do we do to test different models that allow us to bring a lower price plan with the right feature set at the right price in a way that any consumer and frankly consumers around the world can understand so we can broaden accessibility to service now. So all of that's an ongoing effort that we think is a great match for the broadening of the Indian content catalog that we have.
Eric Sheridan: Well, maybe if I could just follow up on one with that, Greg, it does seem like a mobile-only, maybe lower priced product could open up a lot of demand in the developing world, how do you think about some of the opportunities and the challenges when you think about a mobile-only offering or something at a lower price point and trying to get the mix of content versus subscriber economics right?
Greg Peters: Yeah. I think that's a great example of something that we're trying out, we're not positive that's the right model, but it's -- we're quite certain that we should do something to find a price tier that's lower than the existing lowest price tier to broaden that accessibility. We think that they'll be important to adding members in India.  We'll see what the right mix of features is, because there is a bit of a magic to try and get the right set of features at the right price point in a way that the consumer can relate to, right, it has to be sort of natural and intuitive to the consumer that this is what they're getting. So we've got more work to go do there, but it's something we're highly focused on and anticipate, we'll make more progress in [indiscernible].
Eric Sheridan: Maybe, turning next to M&A and the broader strategy for the company, Reed, I'd love to start with you. As you look at the strategy you've laid out for the company over the medium to long term, how do you think about some of the aspects of the strategy that might be better to go out and acquire versus build yourself against the big long term opportunity? And maybe I'll follow up with one for Spence.
Reed Hastings: I don't think investors have too much to worry about there. We've been going for 20 years, we've done one or two micro acquisitions but no big appetite, no big need. We got clear sailing ahead. If we can produce the world's best content, we can deliver it with the best user interface, then we can grow for many, many years ahead. So that's what we're focused on. It's a lot of tough execution, it's keeping ourselves all focused on that and then we're letting other companies do many different strategies, but we know what ours is and we're having a lot of fun just executing on it.
Eric Sheridan: Okay. Spence, I wanted to jump off the M&A question and ask more about capital allocation. You're now more settled in your role than I think it was seven or eight days when we did this interview three months ago, so I'm going to grill you a little bit harder on what you're seeing in your role? What you see as some of the big opportunities for you to tackle in the role as CFO here at the company and how that fits into the broader capital allocation pecking order for the company is trying to accomplish?
Spencer Neumann: Yeah. I think it's very much aligned with what Reed just mentioned in terms of we just see this incredible growth profile for the business. If we remain focused and execute, it is this giant market that is continuing to shift from linear to on-demand and streaming, so there is a giant market opportunity globally and we want to execute against that, so that ties into your focus in terms of capital allocation and getting smarter and smarter about how we allocate our content dollars and programming mixes in partnering with Ted and the team and continuing to invest in the product and the experience with Greg and his team. So that's what were most focused on and then helping to continue to scale our company.  So we intend to be a much larger and much more profitable self-funding company over time, that is the path we're on as we talked about in the letter, we're committed to improve our cash flow profile meaningfully starting in 2020 and then each year thereafter, we'll continue our capital structure similar to how we funded it today to continue on that path, we've talked a lot about that in the past. So to me, it's really about helping the team continue to focus, remain disciplined and build that -- continue to build that muscle of increasing profitability and improving our cash flow profile as we scale.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one more for you following up there, Spence, came in to me in a couple of different ways from a lot of debt investors asking about the expansion of the credit facility, the prior comment about free cash flow improving in '20 over '19, how should investors think about the self-funding component versus the need to continue to tap the debt capital markets as you think of funding the business initiatives inside the company?
Spencer Neumann: Yeah. Well, there's no real change in our philosophy or our strategy. So we did expand our revolver recently, we did that just because this business has gotten larger. It was an opportunity for us at the same cost of capital, so it's there for a rainy day, we don't -- we haven't used it, we don't intend to use it, but we thought it was prudent to take advantage of and we'll continue on our path of funding with a high yield market. As you know, we have a very significant cushion between our total equity capitalization and our debt-to-capital ratio.  We also have a high level of interest in those -- in the debt funding markets. It is the most efficient cost of capital for us. We spend a lot of time -- I spend a lot of time, as a new CFO, focused on our liquidity, our payment timing and our cash flow needs and feel very comfortable with this approach to our capital structure. And then, as I said, this is -- it's not a forever in terms of using the debt markets to fund our cash flow needs, because we're moving towards that self-funding path, as I said, starting in 2020.
Reed Hastings: So I think the message, Eric, to debt investors is, you better debt in soon, because there's not going to be that much more to go.
Eric Sheridan: Truly noted. Maybe sticking with content, but I'd love to start with Reed and then go to Ted. Probably, the most important question I get a lot from investors is thinking through the narrative of some of the license content that's been popular on the platform coming off over the next couple of years due to some of the industry players making their own decisions and how you think about aligning your own investments around your own original content to fill in any gaps that happen from a consumption standpoint. Maybe just starting with you Reed, how do you think about the content landscape and how it feeds into the competitive landscape? And, Ted, I would love to understand from you how that feeds into the planning for content, not only in '19, but over maybe the short or medium term over the next couple of years?
Reed Hastings: Well, we don't think about it as filling in, that's very minimalist. We think about it as can we change the world with great stories and we're so thrilled to be able to have the money to do that and to invest forward. And I think you'll see that the series and the movies and the reality that we're doing, the nature programming, I mean, you look at Our Planet, that's not filling in for anything else, that's setting a bold new vision of what programming can be. And so, we're charging forward. Again, we've expected this decline of second window content, been ready for it, anticipating it, in fact, we're eager to be able to have more and more of our money, be able to do spectacular new titles.  So let me pass it over to you, Ted.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. I'm 100% concurred, and I think what's -- the thing to keep in mind is, this is seven years ago when we thought it was likely that the studios and networks would like to keep their second windows for themselves over time, then we better start getting good at creating our own programming and getting in business with creators who could do that for us and with us. And that's what we set out to do.  And over every year, our percentage of spend, our percentage of hours watched have continued to grow toward our own -- owned original and branded shows on Netflix and films, and we're trying to do that across all the things that people love, scripted series, unscripted series, feature films, documentaries, standup comedy, great kids programming. As Reed said, it isn't just replacing one thing for another. We have this great You vs. Wild, which is an interactive show for kids.  It's mostly being done with families that they can watch interactively together and we'll have about 25 million people spending a lot of time on You vs Wild in the first 28 days on Netflix, which is an incredible success and it's pushing storytelling forward, which I think we're trying -- we're going to be doing with things like the Irishman, both in terms of windows of availability and also in the kind of the technical execution of great storytelling and that's what we're really after. So there's a lot of focus on what's licensed and how much gets watched and all those things. And so on the entire history of television, there are lots and lots of hours of programming that people watch fairly interchangeably, but the shows that we -- that our members most value us for and the things that we really pay a lot of attention to, if you look at our top 10 most watched shows on Netflix, they're all Netflix Original brands; and the top 25, there's only four shows that have at least a single season that crack into top 25 even. So increasingly, our business is about creating and telling great stories around the world that are exclusively on Netflix and giving opportunity for new storytellers all over the world.
Spencer Wang: Eric, I would just add, if you look at the multi-year sort of track record of the company, we've gone through different periods of the content library changing where there were Epics or stores in general we've been able to sort of adjust the content library and really grow right through that.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. It's hard to imagine, it was 2017, a couple of years ago when Fox said -- Sunset all of their second window content on Netflix off of the service to focus on their own efforts and we've seen how we've been doing since 2017, so we're pretty happy about it. 
Spencer Wang: And then before that, there was Epics coming off in discovery and we just continued to grow throughout that by using the money to invest like Our Planet, we commissioned four years ago. So there's a lot of planning that goes into this and that's what makes it exciting.
Eric Sheridan: Well, along those lines, I thought there was a really interesting piece in the shareholder letter that looked at a product that would show users the top 10 shows that were trending. It seems like it's a beta test in the UK. Greg, would love to understand what the goal of that beta test is, what it might do for user engagement, how you think about that as a sort of natural evolution of the product to almost create crowdsourced content engagement?
Greg Peters: Yeah. It's an example of one of 100 tests that we'll do in a given quarter to try and actually make the product experience better, but the core idea behind this is there's a bunch of our members who really enjoy watching the most popular shows, because they enjoy watching the show and then engaging in the public conversation around the show and all the memes that are shared around. And so the idea here is, let's look at job at using the product and other public communication channels to basically let our members know what are those most popular shows so they can watch and then participate in that public conversation. And so, we're quite bullish on that and we'll see how it does.
Ted Sarandos: And I would only add that it's a popularity as a data point that people can use to choose, not the most important one and not the only one, but we don't want to suppress it if it's helpful to our members.
Greg Peters: That's exactly right. And I think, to Ted's point basically, our members have a broad set of things that they're evaluating, what they want to watch and our job is to figure out, for any given member, what's the information that they're going to find most relevant to make that decision. For some members, that'll be popular.
Eric Sheridan: Greg, sticking with you, another point that was raised again in the letter was around distribution deals. What they're doing for the business is both growing the brand, growing awareness of the service driving subscriber growth, can you give us a little granularity on sort of what you see from these partnerships? What it means for the company longer term? And what the landscape even could look like to do additional partnerships over time?
Greg Peters: Yeah. Again, this is sort of something we've been on a 10 plus year trajectory on in improving the way that we use partners or the way that we leverage those other companies out there to make a connection with members and start with just putting our application on different devices. So, yeah, there was another easy way to find Netflix and to enjoy the service and go from there, but progressively, we found things like bill on behalf of where members could pay for Netflix via their mobile operator charge or their pay TV charge, that was yet another way to make it easier to sign up. And then most recently, we have bundle deals, where its sort of the simplest model where you just get Netflix as part of your pay TV offering or your mobile offering. That's a great way for folks to try Netflix very simply, they have easy access to viewing on maybe their set-top box or their mobile phone and allows us to access a subscriber base that might be a little bit slower in signing up directly with us for Netflix.  But I think it's also -- and while these bundled deals are great, they're performing quite well for us and we want to expand them. It's also, I think, relevant to note that, as a fraction through all those channels of the total sign ups we do in any given quarter, in any given year, it's still quite small relative to our organic channel or people signing up with us directly. So we'll see more and more of those and I think it's a nice supplemental channel that accelerates our growth with that.
Eric Sheridan: Ted, maybe turning to you on the movies front. Obviously, you continue to evolve the strategy on distribution of movies when you think about some of the things having to go into theaters or thinking about different windows yourself for new movie content, how has that strategy evolved? What sort of feedback are you getting from the content creation community? What are you seeing from users and how they want to consume the content? And how might that sort of continue to evolve the movies' strategy over the medium to long term?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I think these are all case-by-case. So in a lot of times, I would say that we always have been for consumer choice. If I had my way, I would love to have the movies that are in Netflix to be available in 2,000 theaters at the same time that they're on Netflix. We just don't control the programming of those theaters. So when I say that, what I mean is, if people want to go out and have a good time and pick a great movie and if we're making the great movie, if they don't have the opportunity to see it on a screen, they just -- they don't go out. So the opportunity I think would be to give consumers as much choice as possible, but we can only control what's on Netflix. And we are the -- primarily we're releasing in theaters and on Netflix day and date, meaning that by the time they've been there on Netflix at the same time they're in the theaters, we have an opportunity -- we're taking the opportunity to promote the films and generate publicity for the films, release them in select theaters a few weeks early, but in general we want it to be in theaters and on Netflix at the same time, but we can only control Netflix. And I think what it is a lot less to do with the room in which people can consume and all those other things as we have to focus on making great movies. And then anyone who's involved in the ecosystem of presenting movies and watching movies, we'll have to take notice of those films. So that's what we're trying to do, is just make undeniably great movies with undeniably great filmmakers.
Spencer Wang: Eric, we have time for one more question, please.
Eric Sheridan: Sure. So, Reed, I'd love to end with you with a little bit of a lighthearted question, but also one that I think allows you to frame a little bit about where you've come from and where you've gone. I noticed in the press at the last week, our competitor said that Netflix may or may not have a brand, it's what they implied. And I figure you probably disagree with the statement that Netflix doesn't have a brand. So I would love to understand your vision of sort of where the Netflix brand has come over the last half decade as you've evolved the company and how do you think about repositioning and evolving the brand to stay at the front of the curve of where the industry's going over the next half decade?
Reed Hastings: We're a mix of great innovator that people love us for trying new things. That's both in terms of on-demand and it's creatively with a different series that we're doing and being really great comfort food where you just want to curl up and enjoy and you know Netflix is going to be great. So, it's that combination of comfort and innovation that's so powerful for us.  And when I think of the quarter, just to wrap up, the one little time I was not watching Netflix on Sunday, I was watching Tiger Woods and the PGA, and like probably half of the America, and when I think of those beautiful shots right down the middle of the fairway, I think about the 6,000 employees at Netflix hitting that perfect clean shot and that's what the quarter was.
Reed Hastings: So congratulations to everyone on a fantastic Q1 and looking forward to getting the green jacket for the year for this team.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-18 18:00:00) =====
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to Netflix Q4 2018 Earnings Interview. Im Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; our new CFO, Spence Neumann; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and our Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Eric Sheridan from UBS. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to you, Eric, for the first question.
Q - Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much Spencer. And since, Spence, you are new to the Netflix earnings call, Im going to turn the first question over to you. First, congratulations on the role as the new CFO of Netflix. Maybe give us your perception of why the role intrigued you in terms of moving to Netflix? What your first perceptions are? And some of the things you plan on making a focus for your tenure as the CFO at Netflix?
Spence Neumann: Sure. Thanks, Eric. Well first, Im super excited to be here. A part of what attracted me is just what Netflix is trying to build. Ive always been attracted to the high ended product quality and ambition, and Netflix has all of that and what were creating. First impressions this is day nine. So, I havent been here for long. Im trying to really immerse myself in the business to a lot of listening and learning, really planning to do that for probably the first 60 days or so for sure. And Ive already been struck by first just the level of integration and collaboration across this company, all aspects of the company, combined with speed of decision-making and moving forward has been really unique to see. So, also Ive been really impressed with just the team, the quality of the team, not just my direct team, but across the board again, and their passion and commitment to continue to innovate and improve, improving the content offering, elevating the level of the  and quality of service we deliver to our members and not just our existing members, but our new members and really driving that positive flywheel for our members and ultimately for our business. So, its really been great. Ive got a lot to learn. I want to thank everyone, all of the folks around the company for being patient and helping me with my onboarding. And really one just a quick special shout out to David Wells. He has been unbelievably gracious with his time, with his insights. And Im sure hell always be at Netflix, but I hope for a long time to come, hell be a friend, a colleague and a resource for me.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Maybe since we are at the end of one year and the beginning of another, Id love to turn to Reed and maybe, Reed, ask you to set the table. What were the big learnings of 2018? What were the things that that you felt the company really attacked in the marketplace in 2018? And as you look out to 2019 and beyond, what are those big opportunities? What are those big challenges? What are you trying to focus the entire management team around in terms of executing against the plan looking forward for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: For 20 years, weve been trying to please our members and its really the same focus year-after-year. Weve got all these ways to try to figure out, which shows work best, which product features work best, were a learning organization and its the same virtuous cycle, improve the service for our members. We grow. That gives us more money to invest. So, its the same things weve always been doing at just greater scale.
Eric Sheridan: Fair enough. Obviously, I think almost every conversation each quarter starts with performance of the business. We saw strong subscribers in the quarter, strong comments about the way subscribers should continue to start the year in 2019. Throwing and open to the broader team maybe starting with Reed, but what did you see on the subscriber landscape as you look down to what  the way the business performed in Q4, and what kind of confidence thats giving you in the growth opportunities looking out to early 2019?
Reed Hastings: When you look at the chart we put in our earnings letter, which has the weekly growth rate, you can just see how steady it is. And were just continuing to work away on all the things that weve always done. And whats wonderful is the Internet entertainment market is just growing, so were continuing to fulfill a need that we see.
Spence Neumann : And Eric
Reed Hastings: Do you want add anything?
Spence Neumann : And Eric, if I could just add a little bit more color to Reeds comments. I would say the other facet I would highlight is that the strength in membership growth was really broad based geographically. So, really thrilled with the progress were seeing in the international segment. And again, thats not one  any one single territory or any one single country, but really broad based and I think that reflects the global nature of the secular drivers that we have, which is adoption of broadband globally and the adoption of on-demand entertainment globally.
Eric Sheridan: And maybe following up on that is there anything, and maybe this is for a combination of Reed and Ted, was there anything on the local language front? I know that is a piece that weve talked about on prior earnings videos about how local language content is driving adoption of the product on a global scale. Anything to call out there you saw in the quarter that should portend well for 2019?
Ted Sarandos : Well, Id say one thing, this quarter has been incredibly exciting and the things that are playing out and you see the numbers of you see a big number like Bird Box and You, these shows are playing incredibly globally. So, its an interesting thing when you can tap into the global zeitgeist, which is something, which gets me very excited about the potential scale of the content business when the world is excited about something. And then on the local language side, it shows like Elite that can play very, very strong in their home country, like in Spain, but also play  play really well throughout the Spanish speaking world and ultimately through the entire world. And its our ability to create hits and create movie stars and TV stars from anywhere in the world for the rest of the world is something that weve really been working hard at it and have been incredibly enthused by the results in Q4 and how its looking in Q1.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe going back to something thats in the release that was also talked about in the press earlier this week that youre going to be raising price in Q1 in the U.S. market. Always curious what goes into the thought process around raising price on the service, how confident you are that customers are ready to absorb a higher price for the service when you look out? So, maybe, Reed, I could start with your perspective on how you think about pricing the product in the marketplace and what it means for subscriber momentum going forward?
Reed Hastings: Greg, Ill punt to you.
Greg Peters: Sure. I think the model weve got is a fairly simplistic one, where we think our job is to effectively invest the money that our subscribers give us every month, so that we can give them incredible content in a better and better product experience. And if we do that well, we create more value for our subscribers and then occasionally, well come to them and well ask for a little bit more money, so that we can actually start that next cycle of investment. And so thats the overarching framework. And then we look at the engagement levels and a bunch of other things to try and understand what our pricing should be and generally weve seen that those are pretty accurate and the price changes that weve done are rolling out as expected.
Eric Sheridan: Well, I want to follow up with you Greg on this, because if you look versus a year ago, tremendous level of push on the personalization side and the service, more focus on mobile on the product side as youve looked out over the last 12 months. Were those some of the things you saw that that allowed you to see either higher engagement, new use cases emerging along the subscriber base? What did you see in some of those product developments that that fed into maybe a pricing discussion?
Greg Peters: I would say that I wouldnt tie them so directly. I mean were generally trying to think about every way we can make the product experience better for our members around the world and thats mobile changes, where we give them a higher quality experience. We also do things like we give them previews and the ability to sort of like do some sampling of content ahead of time to understand whats coming to the service as well as things that you mentioned like increasing. Well, we think about is more like how do we tell a story about each of the story. So when we have a new show coming on how do we effectively communicate what we think is going to be relevant to each of our subscribers in a strong way. So, they can get excited about those shows as well. So, those dimensions and really many, many others, where we just constantly invest in, we dont really think about it, were doing those things, so we can increase price. Within those things, we can just create more fun and excitement for our members. And if they have a great time, then well be able to invest more in content and making more product experience benefits.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe just one more for you, Greg, before moving on, one of the things we noticed in the quarter was Netflix moved up the app download charts with respect to mobile smartphones in the iOS world. Always been a very downloaded app on the iPad front and the tablet front and smart TVs. Was there anything you guys did in terms of either pivoting the business more towards phone in the quarter and to start 2019? Is there anything on the product side you want to call out, because it seems like a pretty pronounced change in some of the data were trying to analyze?
Greg Peters: Yes. nothing really specific and I think it really speaks more to just the general relevance that the application has and as you see us sort of accelerate in terms of subscriber additions and more members around the worlds using the service. Those members are using it on mobile in large part as well. And so we just see an increased rate of download and thats what we think is happening there.
Eric Sheridan: Okay, Ted, following up on what Greg just said there, with the price increase going through and there has been other jurisdictions when you put price increases through and talking around similar frameworks, margins and free cash flow than you had talked about previously. I think the natural conclusion some of us have is the incremental investment dollar is going into content. So, Ted, help us to understand what is an incremental dollar thats being generated by the business going into on the content side, and how should we think about content investments in 2019 versus 2018?
Ted Sarandos: I think Reed said it right. Its more of the same, but on a continued larger scale. So the level of investment that were doing in our original film space, it definitely changes the economics in terms of licensing films and later windows versus producing films, which is a more kind of front-loaded cash activity, but has a much better payback for us. And when you have something like Bird Box, the ability to invest in the next one is just all about  all the greater. And I think in local language content investments improved  continuing to improve the markets that are emerging for us both in the markets at scale around everyone kind of like some of the same things and other markets that are more unique content tastes like in Korea and Japan and India, where were able to be much more fine-tuned about what were offering those markets as well.
Greg Peters: And Eric, just to add on specifically to narrowly answer your question on content spend for 2019, were not giving individual expense item  expense line item guidance, but I will say that it was $7.5 billion in content amortization in 2018. And I think you can obviously expect that to grow and the trajectory should be pretty similar. But the other thing to bear in mind is that weve also committed to growing the operating margin as well in 2019 by about 300 basis points year-over-year to 13%. So, those will work together, so youll see improved margin, but also higher content spend as well.
Reed Hastings: And then we do see that payback Eric, as Greg mentioned earlier, an increased engagement, so which again continuing the virtuous cycle, where youve got more  the more investment youre putting in, the more people are finding content that they love and the more they have value in the service.
Eric Sheridan: Well, speaking to higher engagement, I think in reading the release, I was legitimately stunned that there was more viewership data in this release, then Id see it in the Netflix release in a while, I guess obviously, probably, a lot of content that outperformed maybe expectations, but what drove some of the new sort of qualitative and quantitative commentary in this shareholder letter around engagement and viewership around key pieces of property?
Spence Neumann: I would look at it like these are less financial metrics as they are cultural metric. So that what does it mean when 80 million households watch Bird Box? Well, culturally it means exactly the same thing as 80 million plus people buying a movie ticket to seeing it or 80 million households watching a TV show. So culturally, its meaningfully out there. People talking about it, tweeting about it, posting about it, challenging each other, do different things, which we want people to be very careful when they do. But really whats important is that for part of your Netflix subscription, youre in the Zeitgeists, youre  you get  youre watching the programming that the rest of the world is loving at the same time. So thats a  so we gave you some numbers out to give you some sense of the scale and the scope of it. I think its important for artists to understand  to have the audience also understand the size of the reach of their work. So thats why youll see us ramping up a little bit more and more and giving out, sharing a little more of that information.
Reed Hastings: And then, Eric, we also included this analysis of the total TV entertainment market in the United States. Just to point out how large a market that is about a billion hours a day enjoying television, against gaming platforms, linear, DVD, Netflix, everything. And were running about 10% of that. So its just a very large and fragmented market. There is an incredible set of broad uses. And we did it on television, because television is 100% entertainment time, whereas mobile phones and laptops are some percent entertainment and some percent work and communication activities. So that  thats just  it sets a broad contest. In other nations, were a smaller percentage of the total TV viewing, because were less penetrated, but 10% is a great mark for us.
Greg Peters: Eric, I also think its a good data point around the fact that we are growing the entertainment business. So, the idea that its good for the industry to know, its good for the creative community to know, its good for fans to know that were  at a time when were growing big audience films like that, the box office by way of example, the North American box office has grown in the fourth quarter. So  and in fact had some records. So I think its a very exciting time. And we thought itd be a good idea to give you some idea of the scale of that and how to put it in context.
Reed Hastings: No doubt driven by the theatrical revisions of ROMA.
Greg Peters: Yes, yes.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe going back to the product side and Greg, when you hear about the engagement youre seeing and the content success of the platform, help us understand a little bit of how the product might evolve. I mean, I think, one of the most unique things in the quarter was the interactivity of the Black Mirror product. Would love to talk about both the product side within Netflix and then on the content creation side as Ted talks to content partners about how that interactivity is something new, interesting and might spur engagement, product development and content relationships.
Greg Peters: Yes. I think, its a great example of us trying to take a technical capability and the flexibility of our distribution platform and trying to figure out how do we use those things to innovate on storytelling in a storytelling format. And its super exciting to be able to do that in a way, which to your point drives more engagement. Were definitely seeing that with Black Mirror and Bandersnatch. But also sort of extends the pallet and the portfolio, the toolset that the storytellers that were going to be working with in the years to come have to tell their stories in the most compelling way. So, weve been super excited about it. And you should anticipate well do more of those as we start to explore that format. And then Ill turn it over to Ted to talk about from a content perspective.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. I would just say theres been a few false starts on interactive storytelling in the last couple of decades. And I would tell you that this one has got storyteller salivating about the possibilities. So weve been talking to a lot of folks about it and were trying to figure it out too meaning is it novel, does it fit so perfectly in the Black Mirror world that it doesnt  it isnt a great indicator for how to do it, but weve got a hunch that it works across all kinds of storytelling and some of the greatest storytellers in the world are excited to dig into it. To give you some sense thats over five hours of content thats produced for that episode for people to choose their own paths, and theres countless ways that they could go and end up with. And that is an incredible challenge and of usually exciting thing that differentiates Netflix for creators.
Greg Peters: And I think in that challenge is also an opportunity, right. Its an opportunity to bring technology to bear, to create a toolset for creators to make that process easier and more effective.
Ted Sarandos: Right.
Reed Hastings: Eric, there is one piece of data that didnt make the release and thats what percentage of people chose Frosties versus Sugar Puffs. The answer is 73% for Frosties.
Greg Peters: Thats a level of data transparency. We have not seen our content yet
Ted Sarandos: It was critical data point of the quarter.
Eric Sheridan: Completely anecdotal, but the Sheridan House picked Frosties multiple times. So we fed into those numbers, my wife and I. Lets bring it all together. Now that weve talked a little bit about a price increase subscriber trends, how money gets reinvested back into content. Spence, Id love to turn to you when say, when you think about the free cash flow profile of the business, some of the commentary in the letter around improving free cash flow from 2019 and beyond, how do you think about funding the business, the approach the business has always taken to the capital markets? Any perspective you have that you think might be different than in the past? Or do you think its going to be steady as it goes? How are you thinking about sort of the funding in the capital structure side of the equation albeit new to the role?
Spence Neumann: Sure. So, well, first, we feel great about our content investment. It really is investment that is as even as you  as we talked about those viewing numbers and characteristics that speaks to at some degree the return on those content investments, the return on that capital. We feel really good about that as obviously the move to more owned content and production has pulled forward some of that spend relative to the former operating model or predominantly licensed model. So that has put pressure on the cash flows of the business and cash needs of the business over the past few years, but when you saw on the letters that we  the negative cash flow in the business of roughly $3 billion in 2018, were predicting sort of similar levels in 2019 and then to meaningfully improve that trajectory going forward. So that comes with driving the subscribers in the business, driving the revenues, driving the  scaling the margins in the business as weve committed to from just 4% a couple of years ago to 10% last year and committing to 13% operating margins in 2019 and beyond. So, this is a business with characteristics that that certainly allow for very healthy operating margins going forward. You can look at almost any benchmark of a comparable type of company. And so, we feel very good about the operating leverage in the business long-term, ultimately turning that into a much more positive contributor and conversion into cash flow. And ultimately, our aspiration is to be self-funding. And we believe we will do that over time with these content investments. In the interim, as we continue to need to access the markets, I dont foresee any change to our approach. Weve talked about the fact that weve accessed the debt markets to do that and well continue to do so. We think that that is the optimal cost of financing and funding to-date and well continue to pursue that path.
Eric Sheridan: Great. too back on the price increase and the subscriber forecast for Q1, just want to make sure there is a clarification point. Number one, in the shareholder letter, you talked about the price increase going into effect during Q1 and Q2, if I remember correctly, the last time there was a price increase, it went into effect over a 12-month period. Maybe just to understand a little bit, what the mechanics are of the price increase, so people can understand some of the decision process behind that, maybe how it flows through the numbers in the first half of 2019?
Reed Hastings: Sure. I can take that Eric. So, with respect to the price changes, in the U.S., the new pricing goes into effect for new members, existing members will be phased in over the next several months. So, youll see that impact over the course of the year and what that means is that will obviously impact the rate of net addition growth in the first half of the year. But commensurately, you also see ASP domestically improve over the course of the year and thats what we think will drive an acceleration in revenue growth over the course of 2019. And thats what also we believe drive operating margin higher sequentially over the course of the year to enable us to hit that 13% target for the full year.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one followup that that came through from investors just thinking through the price increases, it was reported in  or speculated in the press over the last couple of days was how it might inform forward subscriber guidance, it looks like youre talking about U.S. paid net additions at a pretty similar level in Q1 versus Q4 and yet you are putting a price increase in place. The last time you did that, there was a fair bit of conservatism in the forward guide. How should we reconcile maybe the framework for guidance versus the price increase going into the marketplace? How should investors interpret that?
Reed Hastings: Sure, Eric. I would say theres no change in terms of the guidance philosophy. And as we write every quarter, our approach is to strive for accuracy and our guidance forecast. And to do that, we take into account all the known variables that were aware of when we set guidance. So, really it is our best guess and were not by design trying to be overly conservative or overly aggressive, and were really trying to be accurate with it. So thats the color I provide you with respect to that question.
Eric Sheridan: Great. 2018, which we talked about in the last interview and it has been a topic through the year was the year you framed as a company of testing and learning on the marketing front, possibly pivoting away from fewer subscriber acquisition, pivoting more towards spending money on the marketing side against your brand, individual pieces of content. What did you, as a company, learned this year as you went through that process about the way to allocate marketing dollars on a global scale to arrive at the most optimum outcome of subscriber additions, promoting brand, promoting content, driving engagement, and how should we apply those lessons as we think out to the way marketing might be a sort of trajectory through 2019 and beyond?
Reed Hastings: Almost all of our investments are promoting these incredible new titles we have like Bird Box. So thats our primary focus, at least on the paid marketing side. On the earned media side, its broad. And then we have some straight acquisition targeted marketing that we also spend, but the bulk of it is around promoting the incredible new titles and getting them broadly launched.
Eric Sheridan: Great. And Greg maybe following up with you when not just when you think about marketing dollars, but also when you think about distributing the product broadly, I think this was a year 2018, where you struck a lot of partnerships to help on the distribution front, love to start with Greg, but love to have anyone chime in that feels they should on what some of those partnerships brought to the platform in 2018. How you think some of those partnerships are set up to aid platform awareness and distribution in 2019 and beyond, and how you think about the scalability for more of those partnerships when you look out over the next couple of years?
Greg Peters: Sure. And I think some has been here for a decade plus. its sort of pulling that long thread of increasingly using partners in different ways to promote the service and to make it easier for members and members to be to sign up. So, weve been doing partners for a long, long time. Its sort of been this March from integration on devices and just makes that a point to engage with the service to doing things like billing, on behalf of or we do billing integration. And now the latest sort of iteration that were working with is, is bundling model, right. And so were early on in that process, but I would say were quite excited by the results that were seeing. And I think mostly, its because we believe it allows us to access a segment of consumers, who are big entertainment fans, but maybe, theyre not as sort of technology forward or early adopters. And so, they havent signed up with us directly. And so by putting Netflix on a set-top box, which are using to access a bunch of other video content and by including the Netflix subscription in a package of either their mobile subscription or pay-TV subscription, we can make it just super, super simple for those folks to get to know Netflix and to enjoy the kind of big shows that were seeing like Bird Box, et cetera. So, I would anticipate well do more of those. We rolled out sky and free in Europe this quarter and weve got more to come. but also worth noting that, were going to grow that segment of the business, but its small in terms of acquisition impact. Its nice supplemental channel, but its smaller relative to the total organic subscriber acquisition that we have.
Reed Hastings: I could add back to your last question, Eric. Those distribution partners turned out to be great promoters of our content brands as well.
Eric Sheridan: And maybe, one followup, when you do those partnerships, has there been one avenue thats moved its needle more than another, whether its in the home broadband space, partnering with infrastructure companies or on the multiple telephony front in promoting mobile usage and mobile engagement on the platform? Or have youve seen roughly similar results irrespective of the type of partner?
Reed Hastings: I would say every market is different and every partner is different in terms of their goals and what theyre  the message that theyre communicating to their subscribers and how we can link that message with the Netflix message as well. but so nothing stands out thematically or sort of a general trend that I would say, but each one is incremental and so we look to do more of all kinds.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe going back to the shareholder letter, one phrase in the shareholder letter that Ted, I wanted to ask you about, the phrase less focused on second run programming. I think one of the big investor debates and questions around Netflix becomes what happens to licensed content that may come off the platform in 2019 and beyond. How you plan for that content coming off the platform? What it means for investments? What it means for engagement? Maybe reflect upon that statement in the shareholder letter and how it informs maybe the mix shift or the planning process for content as you look out to 2019 and beyond.
Ted Sarandos: Well, most of those licensing deals are multiyear. So, it gets  that gets caught up in our long-term content commitments. Thats all part of those that content. remember our early investment in doing original content more than six years ago was betting that this would be, there would come a day when the studios and networks may opt not to license us content in favor of maybe creating their own services, which was  thats a corner that Im glad we saw around a few years ago. And today, Id say the vast majority of the content that is watched on Netflix are our original content brands. We do license a lot of second run content and in that we have a lot of episodes. So we have shows like Greys Anatomy or Friends, we have hundreds of episodes. Its a lot of hours of watching, but that if you stack all those, all of that viewing, sort of like a top 50 or top 25 most watched shows by seasons or by series, thats dominated primarily by our original content brands. We are still a buyer in that second run market. We both are pre-buyer, been buying it before the shows come out and sometimes an aftermarket buyer, but it really is up to the sellers whether or not they want to continue to sell.
Reed Hastings: And adding to Teds comments, the top brands that we have, being originals like Bird Box are phenomenal and an unscripted now, its our first category, where a majority of the viewing is a branded original, in the other categories were climbing, not yet at a majority, but on track for it.
Ted Sarandos: And two years ago, we didnt have any original unscripted content at all. So thats how fast that that those moves can take place.
Reed Hastings: And Eric, weve also said were not overly dependent on any one single piece of content as well. So, the viewing is quite diverse and as
Ted Sarandos: Next, through our originals as well.
Spence Neumann: Thats right. And as Ted mentioned, all of these licensed deals are staggered in sort of waterfall in over a period of time. So, theres no sort of cliff there.
Eric Sheridan: Waterfall and cliff, right?
Ted Sarandos: I am on a roll.
Spencer Neumann: Go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe following up one more piece of the content side, one question that came into me as the moderator of this quarter in a couple of different ways was how to think about ownership of content versus co-production of content, what the right mix shift of that is medium-to-longer term, whats some of the pros or cons are of the approach of either doing co-production versus outright ownership and how we should think about that developing over the next couple of years?
Reed Hastings: Well, the one thing is our main goal is to make the best content. And weve said  weve said in previous quarters that that is a combination of several different business models depending on who owns the IP. So, what were going to do is make the best show and not be stuck on the business model, because the consumer really doesnt understand that or we even want to spend any time thinking about it. So by way of example, last year, we had 140 different shows around the world that premiered on A network somewhere and on Netflix everywhere else in the world. next year, its more to closer to 180. And these are combination of co-producing with local producers in other countries; it shows that then air on a network in that country and then premier on Netflix. But when I say co-production, I mean, we come in at the script stage, we come in at the first money stage, were involved creatively with the production of that show. Bodyguard is a good example of that, that we produced with ITV that the BBC premiered in the UK and that at the same time. we released it on Netflix around the world, and we produced it together at the script stage. Were involved in the production to that show and outside of the UK, it is a netflix original show and in the UK, we follow a broadcast window from the BBC. And again, weve had a great success with the show around the world. One additional data point, we have over 23 million households have watched bodyguard in Netflix in the first four weeks and its a good example of taking a show from anywhere in the world to the rest of the world. And we do other ones where we just are whereby territories. There use to be a tradition in television, where the network would make one show and then the  they take it to MACE  to the MACE screenings and try to sell market after market after market, thats less and less the case while were working with producers and networks now to pre-buy or co-produce for the rest of the world. A similar evolution to the old studio film business, where the studios used to carry the international rights until they sold them and then they more frequently now go out and do international co-productions.
Spence Neumann: Eric, I think we have time for one more question please.
Eric Sheridan: Sure. And maybe turning it back to Reed, I think one of the more interesting sections in the shareholder letter, Reed, was you talked about the competitive landscape, big question, big debate. We get a lot from investors. You talked about it a lot of ways all ships rising, but talk a little bit about the landscape. What do you see out there on the landscape to attract user retention, user engagement, monetization, attract content creators, and how you think that competitive landscape will evolve and how do you think about navigating it from not only just 2019, but for the longer-term, Reed?
Reed Hastings: All ships rising as a little Pollyanna, optimistic, I think about it really is as winning time away, entertainment time from other activities. So, instead of doing Xbox or Fortnite or youTube or HBO or a long list, we want to win and provide a better experience. No advertising on demand. Incredible content. And so when you think of just the U.S. terms as an example. Theres a billion hours of television content being consumed today, were winning about 10% of it. And so thats why like Disney, they have great content, were excited for their launch and maybe they grow over a couple of years to 50 million hours a day, but thats out of the billion. And so we compete so broadly with all of these different providers that any one provider entering, only makes a difference on the margin. And so again, thats why we dont get so focused on any one competitor and really think our best way is to win more time by having the best experiences, all the things we do. And thats helped us a lot. Another thing thats helped us a lot is having David Wells as our CFO for the last 10 years. Its been an incredible joyous partnership. And so to wrap up this call, Im going to turn it over to David Wells to come say goodbye.
David Wells: Surprise guest. So, Reed and the group was great to give me this sort of last word. Thank you. A giant thank you to our investors. Ive been here nearly 15 years. Thats 51 quarters including this one with 32 as the CFO, a 1000% plus growth in the value of the company and Ive been a big part of that and Im really thankful and respectful for that. And Ive got just super high confidence in Spence. We spent a lot of time together. I think hes going be great for the next phase of Netflix growth so  and just really thanks. Thanks to all the investors. Thank you.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-16 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Spencer Wang - VP, Finance and Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Greg Peters - Chief Product Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Eric Sheridan - UBS
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2018 Earnings Interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, David Wells; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Eric Sheridan from UBS. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, over to you now Eric, for the first question.
Q - Eric Sheridan: Thank you, Spencer. Maybe I'll kick off with what clearly is the headline from the earnings results, much better subscriber performance in Q3, and a fairly robust guide within Q4 in terms of looking out on the subscribers. I'll turn it to you guys to sort of layout the framework you saw develop in Q3, what do you think might develop in Q4 that was different than what happened earlier in the year?
Reed Hastings: Eric, I think were getting a little better on the forecasting in particular the evolution to paid net ads. So if you look at that paid net ad growth that we showed, you can see how remarkably steady. So I'm afraid the Q2, Q3 story is probably mostly an issue of forecasting as opposed to anything changing in the business, and you can see the noise that the free trials added into the paid, which gets you the total creates. So I think by focusing going forward on paid, we'll be able to be a little more accurate and focused on the fundamentals.
Eric Sheridan: So when you think about some of the distribution deals you've done over the last couple of years, that's creating some noise that I think you're now trying to clear up with these new disclosures. But can you also talk a little bit about what those distribution deals maybe in terms of opening up packets of the market that haven't been available to you before not only just this year, but as you think out longer-term about the business?
Reed Hastings: Sure. Over to you Greg.
Greg Peters: And can you clarify, Eric, in distribution deals you mean the device partners, et cetera.
Eric Sheridan: Correct. Different ways of going to market via partner as opposed to direct.
Greg Peters: Yes. So I think what we are doing is, we are slowly learning more and more about how we can leverage partners. We've seen it sort of an evolution from just doing device integrations and to things like billing integrations, so we can make it that much easier for our members to sign up for the service. This latest round we're seeing now is bundling where whether were bundling with an Internet service provider or a mobile operator or pay-TV operator. We can make it even easier for people to just find Netflix and to try the service out. And what we're seeing here is that this allows us to access a set of subscribers, a consumer demographic which might be less technology early adopter than the folks that are signing us up  with us directly, and so we're able to sort of accelerate our growth in a new segment via these deals. So we're learning more and more about that, we're trying to figure out which markets they work and how to optimize that bundle strategy.
David Wells: Eric, I would say these aren't new disclosures in a sense that that's pretty strong term. I would say this is an evolution of a partner strategy, and as Greg talked about, we've been doing many of these for a while. There's nothing sort of strategically different than what we've been doing for the last five years or so.
Eric Sheridan: And maybe following up on something that Greg said there, just where you're discovering growth and awareness of the product that didn't exist before. I'd like to separate that into domestic versus international. I think one of the questions we get from investors all the time are, where is the growth coming from in North America given the brands awareness, given how long the brand has been around in the marketplace. Anything you could tell us about where those pockets of growth are and where you're discovering new awareness for the Company?
Greg Peters: Id say even in America, where the awareness is super high and the brand is well understood. There's still pockets of consumers who  it's harder for them to get the activation energy to go directly to the website and sign up, but if we can actually put a Netflix application, a call to action and maybe even bundle that the service subscription as part of their pay-TV offering or the mobile offering, they can just click on something and then get right into the service. And so even for a place where were well known, we make it easier or more effective for our folks to sign up. We see actual acceleration of ads there. Then obviously in markets where we're less well understood in terms of what the offering is, that simplifying, that making it less friction full provides other types of members maybe that are even more technology adopters, simple way is just to try to experience out and we get the growth there as well. So I wouldnt say we're seeing the sort of the same dynamic which is to remove friction and it works both in high-penetration and high-awareness markets as well as in lower-penetration and lower-awareness markets.
Eric Sheridan: One of the other things sticking with the domestic market for a minute, pricing power in the business model. You raised prices as we came out of last year and into this year. It's now been a couple of quarters and some of those pricing actions have worked through the marketplace. What have you learned about the value that consumers put on Netflix? And how much pricing power there might be in the business model especially when you look domestically?
Greg Peters: I think were just  what we're seeing is just reinforcing this sort of core theory that we have, which is our job is to focus on, invest and providing our members incredible experiences, more great content, great product experiences. And when we do that and we do it well, we earn the right to increase price a bit and then we take that new revenue, invested back into the model and that sort of continuous positive cycle we get to keep going, and we foresee that that will keep going for many years in the future.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe pivoting back to international, Id love to talk about both India and non-India. Within India, we saw a big push earlier this year into local language content. Id love to talk a little bit about what local language content does in India to stimulate subscriber growth and then how you think about penetrating the India market from who you need to partner with and how you have to get pricing right over the medium to long-term. So Ill throw that open maybe to probably touch the spot a little bit of everyone within the group?
Ted Sarandos: This is Ted. I'll talk to you about the incredible success with Sacred Games followed it up right away with Ghoul and prior to that with a movie called, Love Per Square Foot. What it really was able to do was take this product that maybe was less known in India, when we launched and make it feel more local, more relevant. And what we saw was a  all of that was following a nice steady increase in viewer engagement prior to us launching those big original shows. So what they had was a product that people understood more, talked to their friends more about that was written about more in the press and certainly talked about more by influencers, and then delivered with content that isnt otherwise available in the market series being produced at the quality  the production quality of Sacred Games by way of example.
Greg Peters: And then to the question on pricing what I would say is, we're just getting started in India and we feel like with the existing model that we have and the prices that we're at, we've got a long runway still ahead of us. And we've seen that in sort of the increasing traction that we're getting in that segment as we have the great content that Ted was mentioning. We increased our partnerships, were improving the product experience. Now well experiment with other pricing models, not only for India, but around the world that allow us to sort of broaden access by providing a pricing tier that sits below our current lowest tier and we'll see how that does in terms of being able to accelerate our growth and get more access. But even on the existing model, we feel like we have a long runway ahead of us in India.
Eric Sheridan: But maybe following up on something that Reed has talked about publicly in terms of the potential for growth in India longer-term, how does the model have to morph to maybe line up with longer-term goals of adding 100 million subscribers in a market like India?
Reed Hastings: Well have to see. Well go from expanding beyond English into Hindi and then into many more languages, more pricing options, more bundling, all of those things are possible. There's over 300 million mobile phone subscriptions or households, thats almost twice that in mobile phone subscription. So there's a huge market and people in India like around the world love watching television. Now, well take 1 million out of time and figure out how to expand the market as we grow.
Ted Sarandos: A couple hundred million people watching content through the Internet in India is a really exciting idea.
David Wells: And just to wrap that, Eric, in terms of investor expectations, Reeds 1 million at a time, we're super encouraged with India and the growth that we've got early on, but we know it's going to be somewhat of a tough market, right. So there's  that notion is along  is a million at a time, right. It's not going to be overnight where we're going to get to those higher numbers.
Eric Sheridan: Is there any way to tease out when you see subscriber growth internationally like you just published for Q3, obviously in even bigger number as you forecast out to Q4 to tease out how much India is contributing to that versus non-India and are they any markets on either the content side or the subscriber side you'd like to call out ex-India?
Reed Hastings: For competitive reasons, we're not going to give you too much color on that. What's driving the P&L progress is doing shows that carry a multiple territories, creating a great synergy around those great excitement, and that's what we really  we hardly look at it U.S. and internationally, when we look at it internally almost all just globally.
Spencer Wang: And Eric, as you probably saw in the Investor Letter, we talked about the growth in our membership being very broad-based and very global. So I think you should read that as what we've said in the past, which is the phenomenon of Internet entertainment is really global phenomenon that we're benefiting from.
Eric Sheridan: Fair enough. One of the things you're shifting a little bit further down, the P&L into revenue, international saw some headwinds from FX this quarter. Understand the translation issues around that, but wanted to understand if FX volatility is causing any headwinds or tailwind you're seeing in terms of end demand for the product or consumption of the product or is it truly a translation issue?
Reed Hastings: It's mostly a translation issue. Absent foreign exchange or ASP, international ASP would have grown, and so I don't think we see any demand effect from foreign exchange.
Eric Sheridan: Fair enough. Maybe two bigger picture questions. One, they came in a lot of formats from people ahead of the call competition. As you look out to 2019, I know not within the forecast period, but as you think about how the competitive landscape might shift? Where the market is going from a global standpoint on the competitive standpoint? How do you think about some of the friction points you're trying to solve for as a company when you look out at that competitive landscape?
Reed Hastings: There are so many competitors, of course Disney is going to enter, AT&T is going to expand HBO, YouTube is just on fire growing around the world, video gaming like Fortnite. I mean there's so many ways to have great entertainment on a screen. So we don't focus that much in any one because no one seems to affect us that much. What affects us is can we produce the best content the world's ever seen? Can we get people excited about that content? Can we serve it up in ways that make it really fun and easy, again focusing on our fundamentals? Someday there will have to be competition for wallet share, we're not naive about that, but it seems very far off from everything we've seen. So  and we're continuing to work with many of those firms where it makes sense to for both of us and it's creating a big and vibrant industry.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one follow-up to that, directed to Ted. When you think about the competitive landscape and what it might mean for either acquiring, sourcing or partnering on content with people globally. Ted, how is that changing the conversations maybe as you look out over the medium to long-term? Where might we see some of the pressure points that competition could play out on the content side?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we've been a pretty dependable buyer and increasing the  some of those sellers have been more complicated sellers, meaning there are conflicts within their companies of what they want to sell, when they want to sell, or what Windows that would allow for. They allow flexibility to offer their own services, which is something we foresaw years ago when we started doing original programming. But in the meantime, I think that they are the studios and who are always have been somewhat of potential competitors have to look at those things today and say what's the best way to get return on investment for creating great content. And so in some cases it's going to be launching it through their own direct-to-consumer initiatives, in other cases it's going to be selling to Netflix which has proved to be very positive for them for many years.
Eric Sheridan: Can you talk a little bit about  maybe sticking with you Ted about some of the asks are coming from content creators. We continue to hear as we talk to people in the media industry about awards, campaigns or marketing budgets put behind content, people want their content seen who are content creators. How have some of those conversations changed? What might it mean for ways you go-to-market when you look out over the next couple years due to the taking content into the marketplace?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I think what you said was perfect that people definitely want their content seen and the best chance of doing that is doing it with Netflix. And you see in the long list of content brands and newly minted stars, out of Netflix just this quarter. You could see what we're talking about  by putting content into the culture and into the Zeitgeist. And whats really great, it can be nominated and win Emmys or Oscars. And those are really important to filmmakers and creators and we're super proud and happy for them when they win. But in general, we want to do is try to make great content, elevate it to the right audience in the most efficient way possible, so we can do more of it. And what we've seen more is that these shows that come out on Netflix are really piercing the culture, some of the most watched shows on television are on Netflix and the creators know that. So when they  the asks that are coming into forms of marketing campaigns and awards campaigns, they're seeing that in very big numbers from us anyway. We had 40 shows nominated for Emmys this year and became the  tied with HBO for the most Emmy wins this year. And that comes with great content and great campaigns both marketing and awards campaigns.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two follow-ups here. The first one on the products side, the team has talked before about lowering the friction to consumers finding product. That seems like a bit of a machine learning/product development issue that you have to solve for friction points as you look out over the next couple of years. How should investors think about lowering friction to consumers finding content? What are some of those key investments that are being made? How those investments might change in the next couple of years?
Ted Sarandos: Again, Id draw your attention to the letter of  that list gave some very specific examples, people who went from being completely unknown to being global superstars in the span of a few weeks or a few months of this quarter alone. So I think that it's evident that things are being found in  at incredible pace on Netflix versus getting lost in the [sea] of things on Netflix.
Greg Peters: Our job is to make that even more of the years to come and so we're investing a variety of different dimensions when you mentioned, but in terms of the design, the UX that we have the user experience. Just this quarter, we released an upgrade to our TV UI navigation that allows users to be a little bit more specific in terms of the content that they are looking to browse through. So imagine, it's Friday night, you what an engaging movie. You can tell us that, and then we will present the recommendations or suggestions that we have of some of our growing impressive film titles that you can really immerse yourself into. And that's just one of a line of multiple product updates that we anticipate having that we think will magnify that effect that Ted is talking about, about incredible content being discovered in the show and then becoming a big social phenomenon.
Eric Sheridan: Bigger theme that maybe I wanted to talk about was alternative content. There was a partnership announced with Sirius XM. How you're thinking about new forms of content to be distributed on Netflix as you look out over the next couple of years? What are some of those things you think your consumer is asking for that reduces churn, gives you more pricing power, gives you higher ROI against some of the investments you're making? We'd love to sort of tee that up broadly for the group.
Ted Sarandos: Well, in the case of the Sirius XM that is a  looking for a kind of a marketing synergy for a stand-up comedy initiative being able to have bites of our stand-up comedy specials that are otherwise only available on Netflix in their entire run as a way to entertain fans of stand-up comedy and discover new talent, and that's just some of the ongoing part of our overall initiatives. So its pretty  it's a small test right now to see how that goes, putting up clips and interviews and interview shows featuring our talent and supporting our talent. So think about it as a different way of marketing, the existing program that we're doing when you're not on Netflix when you're more likely on your car, when you shouldn't be on Netflix in your car.
Reed Hastings: So Eric, per Teds comment, we're not really focused on the monetization of those efforts. It's really around deepening the brand connection, which ultimately monetizes as faster growth for us. So all of our auxiliary efforts are not around creating additional profit streams for now, they're really aimed around strengthening these mega titles because that's what drives the business. And a little bit incremental growth is much more profitable for us than creating separate businesses. So we're always evaluating them on, do they help the core? Did they help that love of the new stand-ups?
Eric Sheridan: Maybe continuing to move through some of the costs in the business model, marketing has been heavily debated topic with investors as we've gone through the last year. Saw a pretty big change from the  over 90% growth in marketing you saw in Q2 to something much lower in Q3, I think prior managements called out the idea that marketing would be sort of in a tested learn mode this year, maybe pivoting away from just fewer subscriber acquisition. So a couple questions; number one, what have you learned in some of the changes you made in marketing this year? And how do you think that might inform how you go to market as a company going forward both for subscriber growth and then support on the content side?
Reed Hastings: Ted, do you want to take that?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I would say that, one thing that we've learned as weve gotten along. There was a time when we didn't market any of our content. We spent all of our marketing effort just talking about Netflix and how to use it. And today, we find is that selling house of cards in its final season is really all about selling Netflix. So what we're learning more and more is that, yes, we can drive some viewing up and down. Yes, we could drive, but that's all mostly centered around getting people excited about watching a show thats only on Netflix because it's a great thing for Netflix and how to sell the service. So that gives us  and we do it over many titles because people's tastes are very different. And being able to aggregate people to talk about the same things and watch the same things at roughly the same time has got a lot of value, and were still learning all the fine arts of that.
Spencer Wang: And Eric just sort of on the financial aspect of the marketing spend, some of that as we call that on the letter was sort of timing related and shifted a bit into Q4, so that's sort of the dynamic that you highlighted isnt a signal on any sort of specific change in the strategy.
Eric Sheridan: And that would lead to maybe my next question, so Spencer, teed that one up for me. Thinking about the pace and cadence of investments in Q3 versus Q4, I thought there were some key learnings in the letter, but just want to give a little bit of an opportunity to frame what might have shifted out of Q3 and into Q4? How investors should think about that again some of the longer-term investments you're trying to make in the business?
David Wells: Its either for Ted or I'll take that the sort of marginal progression or the quarterly progression. I think we're balancing the steady growth of operating margin but allowing the business to have the flexibility to choose sort of optimal release timing and promotional timing and create that flexibility for them. So yes, next year, we see a little bit more steadier progression towards the 13% target that we have for the year, but I think we'll see some natural seasonality in terms of release, content releases and maybe that's a pitch to Ted now to take the next part.
Ted Sarandos: Yes. We've really been trying to optimize and when is the best time for the content creators and for the fans to release that content and sometimes they're regulated by outside forces and other times are just trying to line up that perfect viewing time. And they're trying to lead with that. We end up with very happy members and very happy creators.
Eric Sheridan: Following up on that, the comment from the letter about less quarterly variance, is that then just purely a function mostly of smoothed out marketing spend and I thought that you are such a scale of content that it smoothed out more evenly over the year or is there anything youre doing actively to sort of create less seasonality or less volatility in the cost structure of the companies as you look out into 2019 versus 2018?
David Wells: It's mostly the latter Eric, so were not actively doing anything to the cost structure. We're just planning a little bit more in terms of the content and the associated promotion that goes with that, but it's a bit of a balance. We don't want to go too far with this either because we again want to create that flexibility for the business, right. We're not optimizing for marginal margin progression by quarter, where optimizing for rolling 12-month growth of operating margin. But we're just indicating this year is a little bit unusual. We don't see as much pronounced lumpiness next year as we do this year.
Eric Sheridan: And maybe just one more on this probably for you, David, the 13% plus or minus keeps up with sort of the pace you guys have talked about over the last couple of years around 200 million to 300 basis points of margin expansion on a rolling forward basis. What are some of the things that could cause that number to arc upward or downward that you think people should keep in the front of their mind as the business continues to take investments you want?
David Wells: The biggest one is foreign exchange in terms of yes, on a mid-terms to longer-term, basis we use pricing to offset negative foreign exchange or dollar appreciation. But in the short-term, we don't immediately do that and so we can go through a couple quarters where you're seeing foreign exchange affect both just like this quarter, where we had it affect international ASP. But on a mid- to long-term basis, that's should even out as we use pricing. So foreign exchange is the big one. And then growth  if we have more to growth than we expected, that's going to drive more revenue and we'll get more of that in the back half of the year, but that could affect us as well
Reed Hastings: If you think of our content cost as pretty big there's a little bit of flexibility quarter-to-quarter, but not much. The marketing kind of has flexibility, but you really want to launch the title. So it follows the content schedule and you can't shift it around trivially. So then, as David said, theyre mostly topline factors between FX and revenue growth, the cost structures, pretty stable for next year.
Eric Sheridan: So following up on that Reed and maybe for anyone who wanted to take it, you talked a little bit off free cash flow in the letter, the lower end of the range, loss about $3 billion this year and then possibly replicating that a loss around $3 billion next year. One of the questions that came in to me in a variety of different forms was trying to size out either max free cash flow burn and where some of the variables in the model that people should be focused on and max leverage that you be willing to take up in the business as you take out over the medium- to long-term as well.
Reed Hastings: Eric, you're using the word loss and I think you mean investment. We definitely hope that they're not turning into losses. A track record would show that those investments have turned out to be very successful for us. But Ill let David handle that question.
David Wells: Reed took the immediate one that I was going to take, but so thanks on that. Yes, we're seeing those investments drive a lot of growth. So there's a little bit of attention to that from us. Eric, the biggest thing is that we're approaching  Netflix is approaching a point where the growth in operating profit is going to grow faster than our growth in content cash spend. And that's really going to drive the free cash flow towards improvement. It will eventually breakeven. I think what we said in the letter is flat with this year, and mainly that's because 12 to 18 months ago, we probably would have expected a little bit of a steeper peak and then a reduction, which happened is content timing is kind of shifted back, we're growing faster so we're investing some more of that into content and so you get sort of a flattening of the trend forward. But we expect material improvements in 2020. We still think it's going to be a few years towards breakeven because we're optimizing again for long-term cash flow and long-term profitability, and we think that's the right thing. And then in terms of peak leverage, I think what you're going to see is, at least electively funding our content that leverage ratio is going to start to improve, but we're also looking at optimal weighted average cost of capital, which we've already discussed and indicated that would be based on about a 20%, 25% leverage to market cap ratios where we think the long-term optimal cost of capital ought to be, and so once we pushed past the point where we're more secure and it's less about funding the immediate working capital needs of the business will turn over a shift to thinking about long-term optimal cost of capital.
Eric Sheridan: One of the key themes in the shareholder letter was you bucketed three different forms of content, number one and number two were licensed and number three clearly was original owned and operated with a theme I thought of preference for bucket three to be the driver for the business over the medium to long-term. As you do think about some of your partners maybe pulling content off the platform in 2019 that's been talked a lot of publicly. How do you think about either replacing that content from a volume standpoint or just redoubling your efforts around marketing and increasing ROI around existing content and scaling against your own original content plans are rather than thinking about those license buckets?
Ted Sarandos: Well, Ill tell you going back just a few years, thats just we started entering our original programming, what we turned out is that our own original shows tend to be more valuable than licensing someone else's shows and later windows and the kind of shared window model versus that purely original model. So when we invest in original show, we find that we're having a better payback its terms of people watching and appreciating Netflix and valuing their subscription, so that's why we're leaning in that way. We have a variety of models in which we used to get content, so really what we want to do is focus on what is the best programming, so we get to be a little business model agnostic about if we don't own the IP then we want to figure out how to make that deal with the people who do. In some cases they produce that for us in the first window. In some case they produce that for their own networks and we license it in the second window and that will continue. But we are pointing out in the letter is as has been a big  we are driving a lot of programming to our owned and produced originals that we're producing in-house, some of our biggest brands like Stranger things, our owned and produced in-house and we're still licensing a lot of original programming from our partners as well. In terms of backfilling things that are coming off the site, one of the better examples we think of how it could work well for us has been in our unscripted initiative, which last year we had no unscripted original programming on Netflix and this year about half of our weighted watching of unscripted programming are Netflix originals, and therefore, the benefits of  and about the same cash outlay, but with much more efficiency, meaning people are watching them in greater numbers for the same dollar spent. So and with that we have much steadier access to programming, we're building brands that people associate with Netflix like Queer Eye and Fastest Car and Nailed It! and Sugar Rush. These are all the shows that people really love an enormous numbers around the world and we don't have to go through the gun to your head renegotiation every couple years from them.
Eric Sheridan: Ted, you had some good examples before per region like Bodyguard and Sherlock. So maybe you can...?
Ted Sarandos: We announced yesterday our co-production on Sherlock. I'm sorry, not Sherlock, Dracula, from the makers of Sherlock with Steve Moffat. We would love to make more and more content with Steve Moffat. His deal is with the BBC and we get to be partners with them to make this great show Dracula available around the world and in a fast follow model in the UK. And we'll do a lot more of that. Bodyguard is coming up in a few weeks and it's been a tremendous hit in the UK. And we came in very early on that financially and creatively, and we think they've made a much bigger and better show because of it, and we think we could be great partners with local public broadcasters and networks around the world.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe following up on that because that's both a local as well as a global content sort of comment. How do you think about the ROI of local content and what it can do when it goes global and act as stimulant for the platform in a much broader framework and maybe it was originally planned for?
Ted Sarandos: Whats super amazing about that today has been that these local language shows have been incredibly relevant in their home country and then they work very well in their region, and then when they really connect, they play multiregional and sometimes completely global. And we have enough subscribers in the different territories today that we can have a real global hit without much viewing in the U.S. or with a lot of viewing in Latin America and the U.S., but not in Europe. So we're seeing a lot of those things that are benefit of scale obviously, but also picking great storytellers who tell stories that people want to hear around the world. And what we have found is that a good story well told works and it works in almost any language. So as long as we focus on the quality of production, those shows can be worked to drive local subscribers in country, but also drive global viewing when we do it right.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one more follow-up on the content side for you Ted, the film side, obviously been a big push for the company, there's now been multiple efforts that have gone out to the marketplace. What have you learned? What are some of the friction points you're still trying to solve for in terms of both go-to-market and partnering with the right content creators on the film side, and how do you think about what that does for the platform again medium to long-term?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we've been thrilled just recently and we're releasing original films on Netflix from really A-list Directors like Alfonso Cuaron and Susanne Bier, the Coen Brothers, Tamara Jenkins, and these are film people who made movies directly just to the theater their entire careers and are now moving to producing more and more for Netflix, because what they're finding is to your point earlier they want their content to be seen. They want their film to be in the discussion and they're able to do that on Netflix in ways I've never seen before. Paul Greengrass film 22 July just came out a few days ago and millions of people are enjoying it all over the world and ways that he's never experienced for his films yet. And that'll roll into 2019 with big new films from Michael Bay and Martin Scorsese and we're finding is that people want their audience  their films to find an audience and that they're in a better position to do that with us than without us, and that's a really exciting position to be in for film lovers.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe pivoting back to the product side of the equation, you've talked a lot in the last couple of calls about getting mobile right not only short-term, but as a stimulant for long-term growth. Reed referenced earlier there's a lot of people that want to consume content especially mobile-first as you think globally. What are some of those product developments we should be looking for that you are hearing that from consumers would either increased engagement or increased adoption of the platform that arent there yet when you think about where mobile viewing of media content globally will go over the long-term.
Greg Peters: Yes, I think we see an opportunity to improve almost every aspect of that product experience, but I'll just throw out a couple interesting ones. One is as a method of acquisition, and again it's very consistent with what weve talked about in terms of extending the partnerships, the kind of partnerships we have with mobile operators, whether that's a bundle model, like we just did our first bundle in Japan with mobile operator KDDI. We've done a bunch of preloads with the Verizon or Android phones in the United States. So in just all these different ways, which we can use that as a vehicle to bring more subscribers on to the service, but it's also a great sort of subscriber experience component of it too, which is something that we're exploring more and more as not only just a direct content enjoyment part of the experience, but things like previews and teasers and what's coming now and how can we sort of create a continuum of experience, which is not only that great directly engage moment when you're watching that show you've been dying to watch. But also things that sort of lead up to that which maybe don't take 30 or 45 minute viewing session, but can you get five minutes you're waiting in line and you can catch a preview a show that you are excited to watch, maybe you watch that when you get home later tonight, and that's the kind of experience I think we really can invest and see good returns from in years to come.
Spencer Wang: Eric, I think we have time for one last question please.
Eric Sheridan: Yes, maybe Id love to end on a bigger picture question for Reed. Reed, I think you've seen other technology platforms like  some of the other companies I cover diversify more as they become more mature, enter new areas. Netflix's team fairly focused on streaming media and pushing your message globally about adoption and creation of content, how do you think about staying focused on the business model you have today versus looking for areas for diversification as you go globally that can be put on top of the business model, especially the brand awareness and the technology platform you've built as you look out globally over the long-term?
Reed Hastings: Yes, I think about it, if you've got five to 10 years more growth in your current market, you're probably optimizing value to stay in your current market and strengthen. Eventually, your market may not be able to hold your growth ambition. So that happened to us in DVD. We couldnt stay in DVD forever. Of course, we diversified in a streaming, so we're open to those possibilities. But there is so much growth ahead thats possible in streaming video entertainment. So we're just going to focus on that for a very long time. Unfortunately lots of other companies are also focusing on that, but that's going to make it exciting for us for the next few years, great for consumers, incredible for producers. I mean there's never been so much TV and movies being created around the world. And so the game is on. We're super excited about pleasing consumers as much as we possibly can. And someday, many, many years from now, we may need to diversify, but for now, lets focus on the core of those amazing title brands. And when you look at the content, we have coming out this quarter and next year, we couldn't be more excited, we couldn't be more busy. End of Q&A
Reed Hastings: So with that, let me thank everyone for participating in the call. Thank you, Eric for connecting it, and look forward to talking with you all soon.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-16 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Spencer Wang - VP, Finance & IR Reed Hastings - Co-Founder and CEO David Wells - CFO Greg Peters - Chief Product Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Todd Juenger - Bernstein
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q2 2018 earnings interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO Reed Hastings; CFO David Wells; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Todd Juenger from Bernstein. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, over to you Todd, for your first question.
Q - Todd Juenger: All right, thanks Spencer. So let's start with the obvious. So for the first time in I think five quarters net additions came in below your own forecast, both in U.S. and internationally, so whoever wants to, maybe you could help us walk through where was the source of that shortfall and what do you attribute it to? David, you want to hit that?
David Wells: Yes sure, Todd. So, in general I would say acquisition which is up year-on-year, but wasnt up as much as we thought it was going to be. So and it was pretty broad across multiple markets, it wasnt even one area of the world. And as you pointed out, after four consecutive quarters of under-forecasting the business we over-forecasted the business. And you know, we strive for accuracy, we clearly didnt have the number, but we think based on the rolling 12 months of growth that we've had compared to the prior rolling 12 months of growth the U.S. up slightly, internationally up significantly that the background and underlying characteristics of the business havent changed. Our total addressable market is intact and hasnt really changed based on those 90 days of actuals. And in general we think that the conversion and growth to internet enabled entertainment is intact and people are loving it. People are adopting Netflix around the world increasingly more in our newer markets as well. And so I think we're still on track for a strong growth year this year and maybe it's going to come in a little bit differently than we expected and others expected.
Reed Hastings: And Todd, you noticed probably that paid net adds are up compared to year ago and forecast to be up on year-over-year in Q3. And the fundamentals have never been stronger. Our viewing is setting year-over-year records that shows that we have coming, so we are feeling very strong about the business.
Todd Juenger: Terrific, I'll stay on this for just a couple more follow-ups and then we'll move on to broader things. Just wonder over the course of the winter there were some well publicized essentially global pricing increases, I wonder if you think that had any impact on either retention or gross adds relative to your forecast?
Reed Hastings: Oh we dont think so Todd. I mean if anything we are all of 2017 we sort of had rolling increases in various different parts of the world we were able to grow continually through that and we continue to, so I dont think that is contributing to the strength.
David Wells: And Todd, we've seen this movie of Q2 shortfall before about two years ago in 2016 and we never did find the explanation of that other than there is some lumpiness in the business and continued to perform after that.
Todd Juenger: Great. Let me hit on Q3 really fast or else I wouldn't be doing my job, so you are kind enough to always give us a forecast for that and it just stood out to me that I think it's slightly below net added from year ago, I only had a quick chance, I think that's I dont know that's some paid or total or both?
David Wells: It's all total Todd. So as we pointed out, paid net adds are actually up year on year, but again we try not to focus too narrowly on like a couple of hundred thousand, right, around any one particular quarter. If you kind of look at Q2 and Q3, it's essentially kind of flat with last year and last year we had sort of 5 million, about 5 million global net adds in Q1, 5 million Q2 and 5 million Q3 and then 8 million in Q4. Years prior we've always had very strong growth in sort of Q1 and Q4 relative to Q2 and Q3 and we think that pattern is going to happen again this year and so again we tend to focus on 12-month rolling over 12-month rolling not only in particular quarter because as we pointed out we've seen this movie before and we've been through these cycles of growth and we think the sort of background fact of people adopting internet entertainment including increasingly more international adoption is going to drive really strong year-on-year growth in international with U.S. hanging out in that 4 million to 5 million net additions band that has been for the last four to five years.
Todd Juenger: All right, one final sort of segue on to bigger things, so has the results or any learnings from this quarter caused you guys to change at all your internal forecast longer term for either sub growth or revenue growth or free cash flow?
David Wells: No, you know, as Reed indicated, I'm David, I'll take it again and others can chime in, but the business fundamentals the on track for 10% operating margin we indicated we do not support exchange headwinds, they kind of push us towards the bottom end of that range, but everything else is sort of tracking according to our target and plan. And so again we feel pretty good about it. I mean obviously when you have sort of a million net adds we are going to manage within the band of marketing spend and other things to protect that operating margin growth in the short-term, but long-term nothing has really changed.
Todd Juenger: All right. Dont worry Greg and Ted, I've got plenty for you, but moving to the other elephants that was already in the room, and just checking a bit on the competitive landscape, obviously a lot going on between Disney and Comcast and Fox and Sky. So I need to check in and hear what you are thinking in terms of what impact on Netflix. However, that result turns out and is there any particular results better or worse for your own competitive fortunes?
Reed Hastings: Yes, there's a lot of new and strengthening competition with Disney entering the market, HBO getting additional funding, the different French broadcasters coming together, so that's all normal and expected. So it is what it is, we're not going to be able to change it and then our focus is on doing the best content we've ever done, having the best user interface, the best recommendations, the best marketing, all of the things that we've been doing for many years in the past and we'll keep doing for many years in the future.
Ted Sarandos: And the other thing I would add to that Todd is, the market for entertainment is so big that there can be multiple firms that are successful, so you've heard us talk in the past about how we've been able to grow dramatically in the U.S. in HBO and other networks have also similarly been able to growth at the same time, so it's a very large market.
Greg Peters: And in our programming we've always been focused on keeping people entertained and satisfied on an absolute basis, not relative to any consumer. So we're just trying to -- or any competitor, so really by keeping an eye on our members and our consumers we're better served than hyper focusing on competition.
Todd Juenger: So one of the most frequent sort of investor questions related to this topic is access to content, licensed content, particularly from Disney and Fox. Let me start with this very specific one, there is a wide, wide, variance in degree of opinion on how much content on Netflix comes from off network licensing of Disney and Fox content, care to narrow that down for investors and give us some sense of just both from a availability perspective and from a different viewership perspective how much is there?
Ted Sarandos: No, I dont want to narrow it down anymore than it is, but I would tell you that it's been a number that's been on the decline for several years. You should think about it the way we looked at this long-term is that our competitors will want that content on their own services. That was a bet we made a long time ago when we go into original programming and every year since that we've been doing less and less off net business with Disney and Fox. And our bet is long term, that they'll want all their content on their service. In the short to medium term, we're still licensing content off net from them and they're also producing original content for us like Nurse Ratched from Fox or the Marvel series from Disney.
Todd Juenger: I know you've answered this question Ted, I think the last two or three quarters consecutively, but I've got to ask again, any reason to expect those types of -- sort of original shows that you get from Disney and Fox to change given the new information that from what they are doing?
Ted Sarandos: No, those shows are for us to cancel and we're super happy with the performance of them so far, so and the Nurse Ratched and some other Fox original titles are still upcoming.
Todd Juenger: So speaking of your own originals, I want to touch on a couple of sort of relatively newer areas of focus for you and just check and see how it's going, so one is unscripted, right and it seems, and you talked about this last quarter, it's been a sort of recent elevated higher priority for you guys, how is that going, what's your experience been, is it being enjoyed by your members as much as you thought?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, and we're super excited about the variety of the shows and how they are landing with consumers. Similarly we thought a long time ago that the unscripted networks are also going to want to keep their own content for their own services and we started investing our own unscripted programming and have had some really great out-of-the-box hits with Nailed It and Fastest Car and Queer Eye that are doing great with our watchers relative to building an audience and also you saw Queer Eye did quite well at the Emmys, the nominations announced last week. So we're really excited with the progress and the speed to market and we've been able to do our unscripted shows at really high-quality.
Todd Juenger: On the original movie side, another not quite-so-new area of focus, but still more recent, what is your assessment of your progress versus where you'd hope to be on that front?
Ted Sarandos: We're moving as quick as we can with and still delivering what have been movies that people want to watch. So we saw on the letter, we talked a little bit about the results of our romantic comedy, Kissing Booth and there was much made in the press this summer about our romantic comedies have all been pretty successful, Set It Up just after Kissing Booth. And so these are movies that are not really being made in the market much and we're doing and moving into those, but we're also doing a lot of the big event films with A list directors and these are long lead production times and we're really excited with the way they've been delivering in terms of viewership and we think that we'll see similar trends that we saw in television, but it will take another year or so as we get into it.
Todd Juenger: And one final one I wanted to check in on which will allow us to move forward here with what I'll call non-English language for lack of a better word. It seems like you're making more stuff in other places of the world, it seems like that's having success all around the globe. I wonder if you could confirm that and talk about your own assessment of the returns you're getting on those sorts of program investments?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, similarly fast ramp up an early success. So we've been producing shows that are incredibly relevant in their home territories and the nice windfall is they get viewed all over the world. So we saw that recently with Reign and Dark. We certainly, in India we saw great success recently with Sacred Games, that really people - really excite the market and these are places where our global business play well too. So it's really I think accelerating the brand perception of Netflix as not just an out-of-towner, but someone who is producing content you care about in every part of the world. Upcoming this year we have new seasons of Chicas Del Cable from Spain, Ingobernable from Mexico, we have initial from Spain called Elite coming out in Q3, Ghoul in India coming out in August and these are shows that are produced at a level that are really high that consumers get really excited about and it helps them get really excited about Netflix if they are not quite sure who we are yet.
Todd Juenger: All right, so now that we've moved on outside of U.S. I think we should - Western World, can I check in just a little bit, specifically on Asia and carve out India for a second, so I'm going to come to India specifically later, but just  so Asia is a huge reason generally I think we've talked in the past how the content tastes there are a little different, the business model you are hoping to find the exact right formula. How is your growth going in Asia, generally what is driving it, is it at a similar pace at the same stage other markets in the world, any deeper info you can give us on that part of the world anybody?
David Wells: Reed, why dont you take it?
Reed Hastings: Sure, you know I'd say Todd, we're starting to turn the corner in many other nations where our viewing is climbing up as we're continuing to improve the programming and when we get high viewing in every other market that has brought in a fast growth. And so we've see that, it's varied country-by-country, I'll include India in the description and say we are really pleased with our progress and tracking we're making since we launched two and a half years ago. And we just have a lot of work and a lot of opportunity ahead.
David Wells: And Todd, the only annotation I would say is, look it's still early. We launched with a very sort of a skim model approach and we've out augmented that, right. We're adding payment methods, we're adding more content. We are working on all the playbooks that has been successful for us in other markets of the world and you see that through increased investment and so that sort of last wave of expansion for Netflix is still relatively early and that's affecting our growth numbers, it's affecting our levels of investment as well where other marketers are sort of growing in profit, that actually those markets collectively are growing in loss and we have more growth in the profitable markets than we do in the loss markets and that's what's growing the overall margin.
Greg Peters: Yes, and we've been very thrilled with our original production of anime that's being viewed quite and regionally throughout Asia and of course in Japan, our scripted series and our unscripted series like Busted! from Korea or Terrace House from Japan are viewed throughout the region which are building brands bigger and bigger.
Todd Juenger: So thank you for sort of carving out India separately only because - for a number reasons right? As such a place with huge potential, I think numerous executives have been quoted into various places recently talking about the potential there. You've got some new original shows there. So specifically in India, if you could dive a little deeper into where you are on the growth curve there. How you see the path to success and how big that could be for you in the next many years?
Greg Peters: Well Todd, were way behind YouTube, Hotstar. Those are really the leaders on the internet. And there is so much TV viewing at Linear TV that could be internet viewing. And the advantages are tremendous in India for internet viewing because you dont get the ad load that you see thats so high in all of the other platforms. So Netflix is having great success getting established, getting a reputation going and with this triplet of Lust Stories, Sacred Games and Ghoul, we're really getting some nice momentum in our India growth. Now it still  were still as David said a niche product, weve got a long way to go to expand languages and many other aspects to able to cover  be a broad Indian product. But in terms of our beachhead, Im very pleased with what weve been doing.
Todd Juenger: Greg, there seems like there is some maybe seemingly obviously particulars about the Indian market from a product perspective that might be peculiar. How much of that is, just from the infrastructure that exists and the affordability in the marketplace. Is that true and if so what youve got up your sleeve to try and make Netflix easy for everybody in India to enjoy it?
Greg Peters: There are definitely a few specific things that were doing there to get payments and how sign-up has to happen. We just rolled out some improvements on the sign-up flow on TVs. So we are making that easier for non-members to become members in that dimension. But actually a lot of the work that we do that helps our members in India is actually applicable in some sense globally as well. Whether thats more efficient encodes to make the viewing process higher quality, start faster that obviously is great for our members in India but its great for members around the world. Downloads is another great example where now we've rolled out downloads for when you dont have great connectivity or you dont want to use the data in your data cap. Now weve just actually rolled out the next iteration of that smart download so we can make that process even more fun and easy by having episodes you watched, automatically delete and get replaced by new episodes whenever you come back on our Wi-Fi network. So its a mix of both India specific and just globally relevant.
Todd Juenger: Yes, I know you talked about payments and just that whole stream. Its a question that comes up a lot with me with investors is just a thought about the affordability of the products relative to relative incomes, that comes up a lot in India. I'm going to broaden the question to just various places in the emerging world. How much room do you guys feel you have there in India and other places, are you  do you sense you're reaching a limit in any sense in terms of the utility of the product compared to alternatives and customers ability to pay that would affect retail ARPUs anytime over the near horizon?
Greg Peters: I would say were far from reaching a limit in terms of the addressable market given the pricing structures we have right now, we've got a lot of room to grow in a reasonably affluent part of the society in India and other markets around the world. So much more runway, but having said that were constantly testing our pricing models what pricing strategies work best for our members around the world and trying to find what features, what tiers we can add to make that  a both a revenue positive but also a consumer friendly and consumer fair kind of approach.
David Wells: And Todd just to build off that a little bit, when were talking about India a little bit as homogenous, but breaking this apart, Reed has mentioned it, Greg has mentioned it. We may have an issue where there's three or four different sort of growth patterns within India in terms of different demographics, different segment and groups as we address one segment and then we start addressing another and so forth and so forth. And each one has a specific set of challenges with it and were in the early days of sort of that first segment. So yes, expect more from us in terms of getting into segments two, three, and four.
Greg Peters: I dont think that the price point is mostly relevant to the value proposition. Our Indian consumer is finding a lot to watch on Netflix and having a great time doing it and if there are that price point becomes more of a value proposition than a premium proposition.
Todd Juenger: Yes, just picking up on that, once statistic that you guys sometimes mention and sometimes dont. I dont think I saw it in the press release was a notion of engagement as one good perhaps indicator of value received by your members. Any comments on where engagement I guess defined as hours streamed, hours streams per member, so this quarter, is it still growing in line with content growth any thoughts?
Ted Sarandos: It is indeed still growing Todd on a year-over-year basis our viewing and actually mostly measured by median view hours is growing. So were super excited about that. And were still a small fraction of as of every societys overall viewing so I think theres still room to grow there.
Todd Juenger: Got it, one more on pricing, just because I know youre always testing we all know that, but one of your tests got picked up in the press we actually stumbled across it, is this idea of an ultra plan seems to be a test for HDR viewing that youre experimenting with. Just any thoughts you want to share on the theory behind that and the marketplace acceptancy you think might exist for that type of a plan?
Greg Peters: I'd say more generally rather than speaking specifically to end results because thats still very much in progress. We want to test it both ends of the spectrum here and try and figure out ways to add more value for those members who might see that being good value while were testing its more accessibility how we can create a way to access Netflix for a broader group of people. But a test thats still in progress and no results to discuss at this point.
Todd Juenger: Fair enough, so another way that youve been going to market increasingly it seems is with these partner deals and maybe there is a better internal word for them and they were mentioned again in the shareholder letter, I'd love to check in on a couple of things on that. So first of all is anybody willing to tell us roughly how important these are to your net add growth to your overall subscriber base. Any sense of proportionality there other than what you said in the letter which is basically a supplemental channel, but the majority is still direct?
Reed Hastings: I think I had to reiterate that the vast majority of our acquisitions still comes by consumer signing up directly with us. You were fairly new when it comes to these partner bundles were excited and optimistic about it. So I think that that will grow as a percentage of our acquisition. And what were really excited about is actually allows us to sort of more efficiently address different consumer segments. So take the U.S. for example a market weve been relatively well penetrated in by doing a deal like with Comcast allows us to put the application on the setup box where consumers that might be less early adopters or more late adopters are already watching traditional television by being included in a bundle we get to remove a separate purchase decision. We get to eliminate the sign-up flow which just makes it super simple and easy for consumers to sign-up via that mechanism.
David Wells: And Todd just to be consistent with what we said in prior quarters it is a growing element of our acquisition right. As Greg said, as we penetrate into demographics in established markets that may not be on the early part of that as of adoption and also our newer emerging markets where partnerships may allow us to do things like partner billing and tap into consumer trust thats a little bit earlier in the cycle that if we establish that ourselves.
Todd Juenger: Is there any feedback youre in a position to share from the partners themselves in terms of how these programs are working for them? Not a single -- T-Mobile comes to mind just because they have been added in the States the longest, but any place in the world you characterized their feedback to you?
Greg Peters: Yes I think, it is something that's very important to us because obviously we want a sustainable model around this where it's adding  its valuable to the partners, perceived as valuable by them n supporting their business so that they want to continue to invest in it and expand it. And again market-by-market its different, but it's either a differentiation strategy where our partner is seeking to position themselves slightly differently, but oftentimes it just actually a way of them communicating to the consumer the value that they are investing in their network or the quality of service and like that and having Netflix, an amazing content that we have and having a really high quality experience with that is a great way of just telling that story to their customers and their customers to be.
Todd Juenger: It creates a great narrative that that theyre a good video source because when youre talking about Netflix it becomes the symbol of a great data system right?
Greg Peters: Especially when you think about were trying to be super innovative on the video quality and audio quality all those things that you unlock by having a great network and a great service.
David Wells: And just add on Todd, weve been doing partnerships with other partners for many, many years and weve had many multiyear relationships with many of our different partners. So as Greg said we want to be sustainable and because we have had these for many years, I think you can extrapolate from that that they are very successful for both parties.
Ted Sarandos: And Todd it's not a radical thing, NVPDs bundling another network, that's pretty [well tried] territory on their side.
Todd Juenger: One of the things that these partnerships gives to you is also some marketing investment which is done on your behalf by them. Coming into the year, one of the themes that seems to that I interpreted from you guys was a little bit relative increase in the emphasis of your own marketing investment behind your content and your service, just checking and had so and I guess we've see that in financials too. So just how is that going? Are you seeing the returns that you hoped for? And any specifics? Can you may be help give us some examples of specific types of marketing programs and how you measure your investment of that where you're spending these incremental dollars?
ReedHastings: Were very pleased with growth and our ability to invest. A lot of it is behind title brands and seeing how do we help title brands really maximize their potential within the overall system and we're doing lots of tests trying different methods in different countries, learning whats the most efficient ways to build demand for a title. So there's tremendous amounts of learning going on there and then we're also doing acquisition marketing and learning on that side. David, did you want to add to that?
David Wells: No, I think that's great. Just to remind Todd it's been a while we've been out of the sort of, we spend this much on marketing, we grew this much directly in a quarter. We - only a fraction of our spend is oriented around direct acquisition. What Reed is saying is like the majority of the marketing spend call it 80%, 85% is oriented around building title brands and we've got good evidence that we can do that. We're just parsing through what the most efficient mechanism is to market those titles and also where the right amount of spend is as well as we grow our content library.
Reed Hastings: And what we see a lot is that the channels themselves vary by the top - around the content itself too, so learning more about how to get more and more refined about which channel is for which content, get the best results are the things that we're learning right now.
Todd Juenger: And Ted, were you pleased with the Emmy nomination campaigns?
Ted Sarandos: I was thrilled. So we took the record obviously it was the most, but the thing I was most proud of is we had 40 different shows nominated, to kind of give you an idea of the kind of different variety of things that we're doing, scripted, unscripted, comedy, drama, talk shows, everything across the board, everyone was represented, it was 40 shows we were the very happy people last week and millions of fans around the world too.
Todd Juenger: Well, here comes the world's most inelegant segue, but being respectful to your shareholders, the single most popular question I got in prep for this, so I'm going to share it with you out of duty to that. I'm sorry was it revolving net neutrality and so I guess we have a new administration relatively here, not that new but between that and some other
Ted Sarandos: Around the world the net neutrality has won as a consumer expectation and some countries have net neutrality laws, other countries don't. But broadly around the world consumers have the expectation and ISPs are delivering it. So I would say the net neutrality advocates have won the day in terms of those expectations. So we don't see any changes of that in the U.S. or other countries. So it's quite a positive outcome for changing cultural expectations in a positive way.
Todd Juenger: Okay, flipping back in elegant way to my more core line of questioning and speaking of big investments Ted, I didn't give you a chance yet to talk -- you've got some big new partners in terms for your producers on overall deals, it caught the attention of investors obviously, your Ryan Murphys and your Shonda Rhimes and your Jenji Kohan not to leave out anybody. Can you help us think through are there more of those to come? A as one question and more deals like that and more people like that? And sort of secondly related what's the timeline, when - has development started from any of these resources and how long before we see the output of their work on -- starts to show up on Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: That's a great question and they are - you should think about it's a pretty rare creator who has an ownable sensibility who produces a lot of content prolific and successful. People like Shonda and Ryan and Jenji and Jason, they have a brand and they care about the brand and they want to create on that brand, they want to be - and they want to create a lot. So we could give them an infrastructure to do that at Netflix because we have a great history of finding -- connecting an audience for all those different shows. So thats not true of all creators, but it has been with the shows that we're doing so far and we're looking and we will probably do more, but it is a pretty rare breed of creator. And then we just physically moved Shonda into her new home here at Netflix and we're thrilled. She has a couple of shows percolating now that we can't announce yet, but we're really thrilled with the direction she's going. Ryan's finishing up his work at Fox and then he will be full steam ahead. Remember his last two shows at Fox are going to be our first two shows actually with The Politician and Nurse Ratched. So were in the Ryan Murphy business in a big way. And then Jenji going from Weeds to Orange Is The New Black, and to GLOW was exactly I'm talking about being prolific and successful, so were really thrilled.
Todd Juenger: All right. Moving David to your very specific world and then a popular question I received. So and you answer this every quarter. Just regarding your continued use of debt to finance your current free cash flow deficits especially in an era of rising rate or current environment of rising rates, just need to check in and make sure we understand your logic and your continued ability or plan to finance the company and the future deficits for next [year]?
David Wells: We continue to see debt as the most optimal choice, the most cost effective use of capital or sorry source of capital for the company. Obviously we'd love to get to that point where we're organically and self-funding content and we do see a point where we can't get there, but until we do, we see debt as the right choice in terms of cost to capital.
Todd Juenger: Another popular question, I am getting through as many as I can before Spencer tells me time is up, so here is another one and probably for either Ted or Reed, you guys get this a lot. Investors still want to know your desire or appetite for sports type of content rights, for news oriented type of content rights or for other expansions of your platform, you either get into audio or gaming or selling other people's products any of those sorts of new genres or potential expansion theories where you are on those?
Ted Sarandos: No change in our long-term views that have been as you referred to expressed over and over, we have such an opportunity in movies and TV shows of many types around the world that it's consuming every bit of energy and excitement that we have.
Todd Juenger: Got it. Let me if I can move to what I think might be sort of the seminal question, two questions, for long-term Netflix shareholders which is really you've got about 130 million global members now. How long is it going to take you to get the next 130 million and if you double your members, are you going to need to double your spend in content and marketing to attract and retain them?
Ted Sarandos: Well it's kind of hypothetical to think about the P&L structure, well learn as we go. We've been very attentive to all the key factors which is we want to invest enough on content to make our subscribers incredibly happy because that's how we grow. So you know it's a really smart investment for us on the content side. We want to invest in product and marketing to make the whole service better, to make the shows be more aware. We also want to steadily increase operating margin over the next several years, and so as an example, we've got some adjustments to make because of foreign exchange rates and we know we'll make those adjustments and we'll grow into that. So I think of ourselves continuing every year to figure out how we make certain adjustments to keep the operating margins growing, the subscriber base and revenue growing, and that's been a basic way we've been operating over the last several years. So it was more of the same, and in terms of the dartboard as you know several years out on when we double, the answer is not soon enough. We're always pushing hard to figure out how can we get even more growth, but we're awfully pleased with what we've got to.
Spencer Wang: Todd, I think we have time for one more question.
Todd Juenger: All right. So I guess I'll use that just to expound on the big dartboard I just asked and maybe start with Greg and then anyone else who wants to come in. When you think about the product itself which is the underpinning of the belief you have in the growth, what's on your short-term and long-term list of things that you think your members most desire would move the needle most from a product perspective, from a content perspective, from a overall pricing and value perspective and therefore drives your agenda I guess each of you over the rest of this year and into the coming decade?
Greg Peters: Its a long, long list and we want to make really almost everything better about the product. I'll just sort of highlight one thats fun and happening right now. We talked about sort of improvements in the mobile UI and smart downloads but I dont want to leave out TV and it was all of this amazing content that were bringing out. Weve been working really hard over the last several months and quarters even testing and researching, how do we make that TV experience faster, more fun, easier to find, the stories that our members will love and were actually going to roll some improvements out to that experience and make that better starting tomorrow. So starting this week youll see those and thats what we expect to be a long line of incremental improvements that make that experience even greater for finding the stories that you love.
David Wells: And I'd say in the short term weve got, I have got the great pleasure of trying to make people very happy and in the short term weve got new seasons coming up the second half of this year of Orange Is The New Black, Ozark, Iron Fist, Daredevil, Narcos, the finale of House of Cards, the followup series for Making a Murderer and we have some brand new IP coming up with new shows like Insatiable, Maniac with Emma Stone and Jonah Hill, Disenchantment from Matt Groening, the creator of the Simpsons doing animated comedy for us, a new show from Greg Berlanti's company, the Chilling Adventures of Sabrina a spinoff of Riverdale that's been hugely popular for us. And that all ramps up to bigger and better feature films too for our fans around the world starting with the Christmas chronicles from Chris Columbus later this year and Bird Box from Sandra Bullock with the great Susanne Bier directing. That will lead us into next year we have movies from Martin Scorsese and Alfonso Cuarn and all these fantastic directors and the opportunities are just limitless.
Spencer Wang: And then for me and Reed have the honor of going there and wrapping this up, but I would say we've got 130 million members and the prospect of adding, wherever that is 104 million the next 130 million, all of those folks enjoy connectedness and as we grow to enjoy more stories that are sourced from wherever in the world I think the ability for all those folks are a great portion of those folks to enjoy and see a story and discuss that story, in the same moment is great and Netflix being an enabler of that will continue to do that and I look forward to the 8 billion of content growing from here. We think we can grow operating margin, but we're also going to grow content spend which will enable more of that content.
Reed Hastings: And Todd for me it's about connecting the world and sharing the stories all around the world. I think we've got so much more we can do with that as we learn the various arts of dubbing and style and I think that will make a really profound contribution to the world in addition to just entertaining everyone which is very joyful to work on. With that, let me thank everyone for participating in the call and look forward to spending time with you guys investors over the quarter. Thank you very much.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-16 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - CFO Spencer Wang - VP, Finance & IR Gregory Peters - Chief Product Officer Wilmot Hastings - Co-Founder , Chairman, President & CEO Theodore Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Netflix Q1 2018 earnings interview. I'm Spencer Wang, VP of IR and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO Reed Hastings; CFO David Wells; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Before we begin, a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to Ben for his first question.
Q - Benjamin Swinburne: Thank you. Reed, I want to ask you, given the strong results again this quarter, talk a little bit about what the company is doing today that may be different to what it did 1, two years ago. You can hit a scale of the business, particularly as you're moving into markets that are maybe quite a bit different from the developed markets that you've scaled already.
Wilmot Hastings: It's a lot more similar than it is different. We're continuing to invest in content, marketing, product, all of the things we've been doing. There's certainly some secular shift towards Internet viewing. And then we're seeing just the breadth of content that we've got going is really remarkable. And maybe, Ted, you want to talk about some of the local shows that we've been doing around the world that our U.S. investor base may know less of.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. We've been able to launch original series in local language with local producers all over the world who've shot in 17 different countries original programming to date, and we expect that to continue to grow. And it's content that is for the country or for the region, but we've actually found great global success. This quarter, we have a new season of 3% coming up, by way of example, which is a Brazilian sci-fi show that really scored well around the world for us, and people are super excited about the new season even though we've made it in Portuguese for Brazil, and maybe one of the first examples of local-language Brazilian television working around the world. So it's -- we're really thrilled to be part of that.
Benjamin Swinburne: And Reed, how might the go-to-market strategy look in a market like India or some of these emerging markets where you might partner earlier in the life cycle of Netflix than, say, what we've seen in other markets where, you look at the U.S., you're now really working with Comcast quite a bit but you've scaled this market. Could you move towards a distribution model with partners faster in emerging markets? And what does that mean, maybe for David, financially for the numbers we look at?
Wilmot Hastings: Greg, I'll let you take that.
Gregory Peters: Sure. Our partnering strategy, I'd say, is on an evolving trajectory across all the markets that we serve in. And it started with rich history with television manufacturers, CE manufacturers where we've integrated on their products, and that's been hugely successful for us. But a new wave that you've started to see over the last several years is starting to partner up now with operators, sort of MVPDs, Internet service providers, mobile operators, and we've evolved those partnerships. And based on what we've seen with these new bundle models that we referred to with both Comcast and Sky announcing in the last quarter, we've seen the economics of those, if you take in the retention, the acquisition characteristics to be very, very beneficial. And we love the fact that we can work with these partners to access whole new groups of consumers, make it easy for them to find out about Netflix, to sign up and have a great way to access the service and watch more and more. So you'll see us leverage that sort of evolving strategy not only in the markets that we've been in for many years, but also in these new markets. But it's a consistent shift across all of our markets.
David Wells: And then, Ben, financially or economically for Netflix, we wrote in the letter about international ASP prospectively that might actually start occurring, where this is affecting where we're adding subscribers on a net revenue basis. I would say that's all about perspective growth forward. To date, Netflix has always -- outside of gift cards, has added always on a gross revenue basis. And I would say, a technical point for investors just around GAAP revenue accounting, is we're always in the principal position versus the agent position. But for some of these deals prospectively going forward where there's not a price visible to the consumer discreetly on Netflix and it meets a couple of other conditions, we may book these on a net revenue basis. But they're very immaterial today. If they grow, we'll call these out for you going forward.
Spencer Wang: And maybe, Ben, if I could just add on that front. In terms of the underlying economics, they're pretty consistent with our past partnerships. And obviously, what David is talking about is really more of a financial presentation difference. So from an operating income perspective, it's really quite similar, the impact.
Benjamin Swinburne: Yes. What about taking a more aggressive approach in emerging markets with lower price points, either on a retail level or with wholesale partners? If you think about the mobile opportunity in a market like India, again, it's a lot larger than perhaps the pay-TV TAMs. So if you think about attacking that market differently from a pricing and distribution perspective. And then, for Greg, what do you do from a product perspective to make sure mobile is a place that Netflix can really thrive on?
Wilmot Hastings: On pricing, we've been very happy with the results on our INR 500 to INR 800 in India, our pricing in the different countries. So no near-term plans. Of course, we are always trying to learn more over time. And Greg, over to you on mobile.
Gregory Peters: Yes, and then we definitely want to have a mobile experience which allows us to access more of that market and access a group of consumers who basically only want to have their relationship with Netflix on a mobile device. And so whether that is making sure that our apps are lightweight enough so they load really quickly and have a great experience there, to making sure that our encoding is very, very efficient, so that even if you have a less-than-great network connection, you can still get a really incredible video experience on that mobile phone. And it's something that we have been able to drive down to, in my mind, remarkable efficiency where you can stream incredible video quality on even very, very suboptimal network connections. But ultimately, even -- we want to do things like the download capability that we launched, where if you have no connection or it's a spotty connection or you just want to save your data plan, save that -- those -- that data bits for something else, we allow you to download some shows and enjoy that even when you're offline. And I think it's a great example of, we're investing in a feature which is used differentially more in these emerging markets that you've mentioned, but it also fits our global product model, where our members around the world are getting a benefit, whether that's hopping on the plane or in other various ways.
Benjamin Swinburne: And what's next, Greg, on the top product pipeline that we should be excited about?
Gregory Peters: There's a bunch of different stuff that we're working on, but maybe a few to call out. One is -- relatively new area for investment for us is building technology to support our content side. So the programming choices that we make, how we can produce content efficiently. And obviously, as that amount grows and grows and grows, that's a super high leverage point for us to bring and relatively, I think, a greenfield opportunity for us to bring technology to influence those outcomes even more. But then we bring this amazing library of content. And what we think almost every day about is, how do we do an even better job innovating so that we can bring our members the perfect piece of content to watch whenever they access Netflix? And so you're going to see us do a lot more to innovate around that. How do we launch new shows? How do we make them accessible to our members around the world, whatever language they're speaking, whatever territory they're in? And we're excited about all of those components.
David Wells: And Ben, before you go. Greg, you'd say the third area that is related to some of the G&A growth that investors see is our investments in studios as well, Ben. So it's -- we're saying, calling out that we're also investing on the technical side in our studio buildout.
Benjamin Swinburne: Let me come back to the quarter and the sort of financial commentary in the letter. David, for you, you've taken up the OI guidance a little bit for the year. Maybe you could just talk about what's changed in the budget or -- and what you're thinking about presenting to us relative to where we were, say, in January.
David Wells: Well, really, what's changed is we've outperformed the business in a way that we didn't predict. So if you look at sort of our outperformance over the last 3 quarters, the business has grown faster than we've expected. We're able to redeploy that and reinvest some of that in content, but there's a long lead time to that and, to some degree, some of that goes into marketing of that associated content. But I think investors are benefiting from just the overall growth of the business. We're able to redeploy some of that towards it, and some of it, it just shows up in higher operating margin. So I think we posted 12%, and 12%, and we've got a lot of content and marketing sort of back-end-loaded to this second half of this year, but it's somewhat the acknowledgment that the business is growing so well.
Benjamin Swinburne: Marketing in the back half of the year, or back-half weighting, I guess a better way to put it, is that just a function of the timing of content? Why is marketing particularly back-end-weighted?
David Wells: It's mostly just the timing of content. So we've got a lot of great releases that I'm sure Ted can talk about coming up in Q3 and Q4.
Benjamin Swinburne: Yes, let's move to Ted, then. Talk about what is ahead of you from a content perspective that you think we should be focused on. And also, I'd love to hear how you think sort of the news category or news-like programming may be impacting either the business today or your strategy going forward, because it just seems like you guys are actually spending a little more time thinking about and executing on some of those type programs.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, as you know, we've been pretty successful with documentary -- feature-length documentaries, both with great (inaudible) audiences. But our move into news has been misreported for -- over and over again, and we're not looking to expand into news beyond the work that we're doing in short-form and long-form feature documentary. The upcoming things that I think are particularly exciting in the quarter, we have a new season of 13 Reasons Why coming out this quarter. The first season of 13 Reasons Why was one of the most watched television shows of the year last year around the world, so we're really thrilled about that. And new season -- returning seasons of our hits like Luke Cage and GLOW, Dear White People, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. We have a great comedy feature film coming up with Adam Sandler and Chris Rock, called The Week Of. And we've already started this quarter with new seasons of Santa Clarita Diet, Series of Unfortunate Events and a lot of real fan favorites. And then we've got 3%, which I mentioned earlier from Brazil, for a new season, but also a brand-new, original series from Denmark, called The Rain, that we think is going to play really well all over the world.
Benjamin Swinburne: And Ted, there's been some discussion about Netflix and the Obamas working together on a product that maybe is not real live news, [possibly] topical. I look at the Letterman programming also as an example of stuff that's sort of moving in that direction. Do you see that playing a bigger role in the content slate over time?
Theodore Sarandos: The topical interview shows like that are -- absolutely, but mostly, you keep in mind that they're entertainment. Those are a form of entertainment. David Letterman is a great talk show host, not a newscaster. So we'll definitely do more of that. And I can't comment on the Obamas or any other deals that would be in various states of negotiations right now.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. I've got to ask you also about some of the controversy on the film festival side. You've been pretty outspoken as it relates to the Cannes situation. Can you talk about where this is all headed? Do you think it impacts Netflix's ability to attract talent, source, film, content, given there seems to be some industry pushback around the lack of theatrical releases in awards?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, we've addressed Cannes in the letter, so that kind of speaks for itself. And I'd say, generally, we are -- we released 33 films in theaters last year, just we released them day in day with Netflix. And I think it's be -- become more and more accepted and -- as part of the distribution norm. And defining distribution by what room you see it in is not the business we want to be in. We want to be about making great films that people love.
Benjamin Swinburne: So no thought about wider releases in order to make sure that your talent gets a shot at an -- awards that might be important to them?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, keep in mind we had five projects nominated for the Oscars last year. We all released in this model, so.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. David, back to you, just coming back to the financials. I think the cash burn in the first quarter was, what, maybe $250 million, something along those lines. You're still guiding to $3 billion to $4 billion. Is that something that you still think is the right range? Could you come in at the lower end of that?
David Wells: Of course, we could. We're not projecting that we are, and I think it is related to the back-end content loading that we just talked about. So cash was modest in terms of relative to the content in Q1, but we anticipate the timing to be a little heavier in the back end, and that shows you -- or points to the range still being $3 billion to $3.5 billion to $4 billion.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. And on the content obligations front, or contractual obligation, I think it was 17, I believe, nine at the end of the quarter. So we are seeing a little bit of a second derivative slowdown there. As you move towards more original as a percentage of the total spend, that number, I believe, should start to plateau, maybe even decline. Are we there yet? Is that what we're starting to see in the numbers when you look at that obligations off balance sheet liability?
David Wells: Well, I think most people, Ben, I think, want to incorporate the component that we're shifting our mix to more produced assets or [owned] assets for Netflix. I look at 2 components -- or 2 easily externally verifiable components. One is that streaming content obligation, but the other is the film assets, the produced asset value on our balance sheet. And so even though -- even taking both into account on a per-member basis, what you saw is a lower per-member year-over-year. And I think that you are starting to see some of the second derivative take hold, but I don't want to hold us to that. It's not like we aim the business towards that or we try to grow the business towards that.
Spencer Wang: And just to add, Ben, to narrowly answer your question. The shift to self-produced will likely result in slower growth in the total obligations. However, there are components of self-produced content that also impact the content obligations [like] participation.
Theodore Sarandos: Multiple-season commitments in [inaudible], yes.
Spencer Wang: Sure.
David Wells: It's a technical point, Ben. I would just annotate Spencer, meaning that those are modest relative to the whole and some of the other bigger components. But that's right.
Benjamin Swinburne: Makes sense. Reed, any updates on your thinking on the China opportunity? I know you have a partner there, but that market is evolving rapidly. It's quite a dynamic market. Have you thought about shifting strategies at all in that -- in China?
Wilmot Hastings: You mean, now that IT is public, we should enter late? No. We're very comfortable with our China strategy of licensing our shows in the way HBO does, and so that's the strategy.
Benjamin Swinburne: Okay. Makes sense. Coming back to the market like the U.S., just to take it as an example, the market's pretty far along the OTT path, to some extent. Roku's got 5000 channels on the platform. OTT is not new, Internet TV is not new here. Reed, do you have a view on sort of how many OTT services or television services these consumers are going to have as this spot business starts to mature? Do you think we have this -- sort of the equivalent of a fully distributed Internet TV network long term, the way we've had in the pay-TV model? Or do you think fragmentation and choice will lead to a much more sort of fragmented marketplace?
Wilmot Hastings: Well, the great thing now is it's easier to create a television network called an app, and I think they'll be as -- think of all apps on your phone will have some form of video, or most apps will. And so you just see a very wide spread of entertainment options, some of which are movies and TV shows, some are more interactive. And all of that mobile phone energy will spread to the television with operating systems like Rokus. So I think you'll see a very long tail. And of course, we want to be one of the apps that nearly everybody has on their home screen, whether that's on the phone or on the television. But again, if you look at the mobile phone ecosystem, it's very rich, and we see television getting close to that.
Benjamin Swinburne: And what happens to engagement over the longer term in that scenario? Because what we saw on TV, you started with 3 large broadcast networks pre-pay-TV, and then we just sort of fragmented our way through over the next kind of 40 to 50 years. Is Netflix sort of the NBC or CBS in 2017 of those networks in 1950 before the market started to evolve? Or do you think engagement continues to grow and it consolidates around the bigger players?
Wilmot Hastings: Well, it's all up to us and execution. You're right that there are so many competitors, especially around the world, some of which are really focused on a particular culture. Others are, like Sky or in many different cultures. So the consumer has a lot of entertainment options. And then whether our share of that grows or shrinks is really up to, do we produce great content, market it well, serve it up beautifully? And if we do that really well, if we earn more of consumers' time, then we continue to grow. And if we get lazy or slow, we'll be run over, just like anybody else.
Benjamin Swinburne: So what is the biggest challenge ahead for the company, Reed? I think you look at the stock, up 60% year-to-date, and I'm sure and then some as we speak, there's probably a view out there that you guys have got it all figured out. What -- how do you keep the organization from getting complacent, staying motivated, and maybe throwing over to Ted, for managing the size of the output?
Wilmot Hastings: We're a fraction of the hours of viewing of YouTube. We're a fraction of the hours of viewing of linear TV. We've got some great momentum, and we're very excited about that, but we have a long way to go in terms of earning all of the viewing that we want to.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. And I think, in terms of scaling the original production and the licensing of content around the world, it's mostly about picking great people, giving them a great place to work, trusting their -- trusting them and empowering them to continue to make great choices, which we've really been focused on, both producing original content in the U.S. and in, like I've mentioned earlier, 17 countries around the world. And just figuring out what people like, and really, at the end of the day, I think the winners will be those who pick up their shows that people can't live without, and they become associated with that kind of intense fandom that we can keep bringing to them day in and day out.
Benjamin Swinburne: And then, Greg, when you look at the $1.3 billion or so in tech and dev book spend that you guys have this year, where is that money going from a priority perspective to make the product the best it can be for members around the world?
Gregory Peters: Again, as I mentioned before, we're looking at it from a global product perspective. So we think that there's significant leverage that we get by trying to provide one solution against what we see as a pretty consistent set of consumer needs around the world. Now we're obviously trying to be mindful to these different use cases, how consumers in different markets react to our product, and learn things like downloads that we say, how there's a specific need in those markets but they prompt, in many cases, a general solution that we, again, get that high leverage. So we're really looking at the opportunity globally. The world is a place to learn, to understand from consumers, listen to them, but then react in a way that's scalable.
Benjamin Swinburne: Maybe going over to Spencer. There's been a lot of press reports, anyway, about potential M&A, variety of areas and studio assets, I think, over in Europe, Outdoor's assets here in the States. I'm sure you can't comment specifically, but it does seem like Netflix may be more acquisitive looking forward than it's been in the past. Can you just talk about your philosophy on M&A and what might make sense, what might not, as you guys think about growing the company?
Spencer Wang: Sure. So if we look at the path, that bar is quite low since we've done very few transactions. We've only done one in our 20-year history. So based on that track record, I think the takeaway for investors is that we have a strong bias to build over buy. That being said, we do see M&A as a perfectly fine tool for us to help find interesting assets to help grow the business. So from our perspective, we continue to be on the lookout for new IP or other related assets that can help improve the service and help us grow faster.
Theodore Sarandos: Right. And Spencer, I'd just add by way of example, that the Millarworld acquisition, we're already in production on our first production with Umbrella Academy and we just released our first comic book. So in terms of using M&A to acquire a meaningful IP, this could be a very useful tool.
Benjamin Swinburne: Maybe sticking with you, Ted, can you talk a little bit about the market for licensed product, and whether as Disney and others move closer to bringing their own product to market, the supply is drying up or you're thinking differently about acquiring third-party content?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, you've seen us move pretty aggressively into our own original programming, which means we're doing less licensing in that same way. It's -- we're moving both dollars up as -- in absolute, but as a percentage of our investment, we're investing more and more in original. And that's both a product of it's been working for us, it's been helping us grow the business, grow view hours, but also the ecosystem that produces that content that we're buying in second windows and sometimes third windows isn't producing content at the level of demand and quality that it had been over the years. So the things that we're engaged in bidding on are more selective, and there's less of them. So we are -- when there's -- when something shows up, though, that is great, like The People v. O.J., by way of example, we're in the mix and still licensing a lot of that content and certainly license a lot of great movies around the world and television content from around the world for the -- our other territories. You should expect us to be moving more and more into license and produced original programming versus fishing in the secondary market.
Benjamin Swinburne: And I think you guys just renewed or ordered a new season of Jessica Jones from Marvel. Is there any change in how you think about continuing the sourced content on the Marvel side, given all the changes that are happening and their strategy at Disney?
Theodore Sarandos: No. We're thrilled with The Defenders universe and Jessica and, I said we have Luke Cage coming up this quarter for a new season. And those will continue as long as we want to keep making them, and it could be a quite wonderfully expanding universe and we would try not to let the business models get in the way of great -- making great programming for our customers.
Benjamin Swinburne: Any impact from Hulu, which has been more and more aggressive acquiring prior-season content? I don't know if you're getting a look at that stuff or if it's just being kind of kept away from you for maybe obvious reasons?
Theodore Sarandos: No, I mean, we've been in the mix on some of them. Not many, but the ones that -- where there has been -- they've been in the mix, too, and I think that's closer to what they're doing on their business model, going after the broadcast with a select few originals, where we've gone much more the other way.
Benjamin Swinburne: Yes. And for you, and also for David, you guys are continuing to push into local originals. I think you had 30 on this slate for this year, I believe, local originals. Talk about where you source all that from locally. Is it hard to find local talent to develop that content? And from an efficiency perspective, for you and/or David, how do you think about the financial returns of those shows which are obviously not -- typically not an English native?
Theodore Sarandos: What's been really great is the things that we'll -- we can bring our technology know-how to bring a great story from anywhere in the world to the rest of the world. And using our ability to subtitle and dub, and getting better and better at doing that quickly and accurately and artfully, has -- can make a very local show at least pan-regional and, at best, global. And we've seen that, like I mentioned, with 3% earlier. We just saw it with Dark from Germany, which played really well. I mean, those numbers -- those U.S. numbers for us on those foreign-language shows would be big hits on cable with those numbers in the U.S. We've been particularly pleased to see a show like Casa De Papel or Money Heist, as those were released in the U.S., so successful for us all around the word that we've bought the series IP, and we'll be producing sequels and spinoffs of Casa De Papel as original content for years to come. So it's -- the scale on it has been, if it connects in the country, that's what it's built for it. And if it gets viewing outside of the country, that's great. And if it's a global viewing, like we've seen with Dark and 3% recently and Chicas del Cable from Spain, we're thrilled and it scales wonderfully.
Wilmot Hastings: And Ben, we're also investing to support that work on the dubbing and subtitling quality. So investors should check out The Rain, which is our Swedish, Danish film coming out -- sorry, series coming out in a few weeks, and just to look at the quality of what the dubbing could be, because we're really making a big investment there that we think will pay off in approachability of all these titles from the world to the world.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes, and I think, too, if you see it, one of the nice things is we're not trading off -- we're not watering down the local aspect of the show at all to make it travel. These are local storytellers telling stories for local audiences that are so good, they travel globally. So there's nothing less German about Dark, and there's nothing less Danish about Rain. And Brazil, like I said, in Portuguese, with a full Brazilian cast. And these are, you mentioned earlier, is not hard to find. I mean, there's incredible storytellers and producers around the world that just have not had access to a global audience before, and we've been able to find them pretty effectively.
David Wells: So Ben, just to connect on that last one for financially. Like just what Ted and Reed have teed up is, we're drafting off a world that's becoming more global and more connected. And so we're able to tell stories in non-English from local storytellers that are gripping for audiences outside their local market. And in many ways, we're elevating the storytelling which translates to increased cost but still, relative to a TV production in the U.S. or some other expensive developed market, it's quite a -- it's a fraction of the cost. And so it doesn't necessarily translate that more local television for Netflix equal lower margin for Netflix. We've made that point a couple of times, but I'll make it again in the sense that we're really excited about the transportability of some of this content because it's really opening up new stories across the world and in a way that doesn't sacrifice margin.
Benjamin Swinburne: And maybe connecting those two points again. Ted, if the local original does connect locally, is popular locally, is that a fairly high correlation that it's going to connect globally?
Theodore Sarandos: Not particularly, not particularly. It's interesting some shows, because they're just -- they're hyper-local in the topic that don't travel but do incredibly well, 40%, 50% penetration in a market that don't particularly travel. But for the most part, what we found is, on the large-scale production shows, that they do travel quite well.
Benjamin Swinburne: David, how are you thinking about marketing versus content spend in terms of the incremental dollar? You guys have clearly pivoted -- not pivoted, that's not right, but you've leaned in to the marketing budget this year. There's a phrase in the letter, density of viewing, which I think is new for you. What does that mean and how are you thinking about marketing -- investing behind your marketing ahead -- relative to your content spend over the next couple of years?
David Wells: Well, I think that, in relation to density, I'll let Reed speak to it because I think it equates to public joy, but it's -- may be a little bit more of a precise term, in terms of you don't need a title that 75% of the world is watching. You may love a title that 75% of a particular population of people is watching, and that speaks to density. But you're correct. We have definitely leaned more into marketing, and I think some of it is very sort of common sense, in the sense of, as we create more and more of these titles that no one has heard of, we're going to need to lean a little bit more on promotion, and the website can't do it all. So I think you're seeing some of that in terms of a nod towards maybe increasing that ratio of marketing spend to content spend. We don't know where the perfect point is, in that we're a company that leans on experimentation. We try things. We turn them over, and then we'll increase or decrease based on the results as we see going forward, and I think that's the approach that you should expect from us.
Benjamin Swinburne: Does that lead maybe to a slower growth in content spend? Because if you're throwing a lot of marketing, there's only so much that you could really support for a given population. I would assume we all have this idea of a somewhat limited attention span.
David Wells: Well, you're definitely seeing revenue grow faster than content already, and that's where operating margin is coming from. I can't say for sure where -- does it mean that marketing will go faster than content or content faster than marketing? I'm not sure. I think we're trying to feel our way along to the right point going forward. But I don't know if, Ted or Reed, if you have a sort of annotation on that or not.
Wilmot Hastings: We have big plans for content growth, and you should expect that to continue. We're also, as David said, trying to learn, hey, if we put in more marketing versus less in different countries, what are the results? And so that's part of what you're seeing is this realization, this new opening, and how it increases the value and the viewing of our new original franchises.
Benjamin Swinburne: And David, do you have a view -- I mean, now that your -- the business has over 100 million members, the -- your contribution profit positive internationally and in the U.S., we already talked about marketing, do you have a view as to where long-term margins shake out for this business as you think about a "steady state"?
David Wells: Well, I think we're -- you asked a question earlier about our only opportunities being in Asia. That presupposes and sort of puts in the bag all this other growth in Latin America and Europe that, I can -- I could speak confidently on behalf of the team, that we don't take for granted. So we have a lot of opportunity and growth still in our core markets. The markets that we've been in for 5, 6, 7 years. I would say we're targeting 10 to 11 this year. We've been putting on a pace of about 300 basis points. It's hard to know for sure where that goes. It really depends on the scale of the business that we are in 5 or 10 years. We think we're after a big opportunity, and the bigger the business we are, the higher that margin could be. We're certainly not down. You've heard me say in the past that we're not bound by international growth being at a lower margin. It's somewhat dependent on the competition within that territory. It's somewhat dependent on the size and scale of the business as we grow, and we think we've got a big market opportunity. So I would leave it there.
Benjamin Swinburne: Makes sense. And Reed, how do you think about ASP growth over time? You guys have implemented a number of, what I would call, successful price adjustments or price increases. Is the way to think about ASP growth going forward sort of what we've seen over the last several years?
Wilmot Hastings: Well, it really depends on the offering, the quality of our offering relative to others. So you have to earn it first by doing spectacular content that everybody wants to see. But if you do that, you can get people to pay a little bit more because then we're able to invest more and further improve. But we always approach it on a "have we earned more viewing from people" basis first rather than a price-first basis.
Benjamin Swinburne: The letter talks about the strength in the quarter coming from, I think, higher additions or gross adds. So maybe, David, just coming back to the business on churn, is there an opportunity you can hit to work churn lower from here? Or do you think you guys have hit, at least in some of your older markets, a retention level that's probably going to be tough to materially change?
David Wells: Well, it's hard. Again, we've made this point before, but the noise in terms of who comes in and who stays and all that, we're mostly focused on having a member that we -- that pays us or feels good about paying us over time. We break it out in order to give some color commentary. I would say, in these established markets, we're getting pretty close to asymptotic churn. We think we've got mild improvements, but we're so big that even a 10 or 20 basis point improvement can be meaningful. In the newer markets, it's really about increasing engagement because we do feel like that there is a tight relationship between engagement and churn up to a certain point, obviously with diminishing marginal return, but we're still young enough in many of the newer markets that we're focused on that and growing that engagement to improve retention.
Spencer Wang: Ben, I think we have about time for one last question.
Benjamin Swinburne: Sure. I didn't want to let this end, Reed, without going back to you. And given what's happened over the last couple of months in the tech industry, just get a sense from you and how you think -- what you think the implications are for Netflix, if any, from all of the focus by regulators, by consumers on data, privacy, the use of data to drive your business, GDPR. What does this all mean for Netflix? If anything are you making any changes?
Wilmot Hastings: Well, I'm very glad that we built the business not to be ad-supported but to be subscription. We're very different from the ad-supported businesses, and we've always been very big on protecting all of our members' viewing. We don't sell advertising. So I think we're substantially inoculated from the other issues that are happening in the industry, and that's great. And then, second, I'd point out that we'll spend over $10 billion on content and marketing and $1.3 billion on tech. So just objectively, we're much more of a media company in that way than pure tech. Now of course, we want to be great at both, but again, we're really pretty different from the pure tech companies.
Benjamin Swinburne: Great. Well thank you, everybody.
Wilmot Hastings: Great. Thanks, Ben. Thanks to all our investors.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-22 18:37:00) =====
Executives: Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO David Wells - CFO Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer Greg Peters - Chief Product Officer Spencer Wang - VP, Finance/IR & Corporate Development
Analysts: Todd Juenger - Sanford C. Bernstein
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to Netflix Q4 2017 Earnings Interview. Im Spencer Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, David Wells; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Todd Juenger from Bernstein. Before we begin, please remember that we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. With that, let me turn it over to Todd for his first question.
Todd Juenger: Thanks, Spencer. Just to get things rolling before we get into the details and one thing that makes this quarter different than other quarters is technically were putting a close on one year and entering another. So I thought it might be a useful time more than usual to check in and I guess with each of you actually in order, maybe Greg and Ted and Reed and just if you can share the couple biggest things you learned in 2017 and how thats informing your key priorities going forward into the new year 2018 I think that it would be a great way to get started?
Reed Hastings: Greg, I think youre up first.
Greg Peters: Sure. I think looking back to the last year Im just tremendously excited at seeing the range of opportunities that are in front of us and that the technology that were investing in can continue to provide incremental benefits and experience which we see through our AV testing. So most excited that we have just so much more runway in front of us.
Ted Sarandos: And Id say weve had kind of good reinforcement of the value of experimentation getting out from just the core of television and film into things more like unscripted and other projects that are proving that we can do things well across a broad variety of different things as long as we keep doing what we started doing which is hire great people, give them the resources to make great content and get out of their way.
Reed Hastings: And Todd for me its much more continuous coming up on 20 years here than it is broken up in annual chunks. But certainly expansion around the world is phenomenal. Were continuing to invest in shows around the world. Dark was a big highlight. Well have more of those from around the world in Q1. And so were learning better and better about how to be an effective global company both for consumers, for governments and for content producers.
Todd Juenger: Terrific. Thanks. I just realized I left David out of the order there but dont worry, Ill give you plenty of questions similar to that on the way, David. Speaking of growth around the world, the most  not important but the biggest metric investors often look for first in your results is subscriber growth. Clearly, subscriber net additions came in well ahead of your own forecast for the quarter. I guess an obvious question is, is sort of why and where? You addressed that a little bit in your letter saying it was broad based. I think you cited original content slate in the growth of Internet TV. But I got to ask a chance just for everybody who wants to expand on that a little bit how you did so much better coming out of the quarter than you even thought you would going into the quarter?
Reed Hastings: Ted, you want to take that about the role of the big titles.
Ted Sarandos: The great thing is the big players in Q1 and the film Bright and certainly Stranger Things Season 2 not only landed really well with viewers and consumers but also were perfectly global, meaning that the watching was distributed almost exactly like our member bases. So when a good story told well is a global product.
Reed Hastings: And other key things in Q4 were as you pointed out just the continued growth of Internet TV and we see that because Hulu is also growing, YouTube is also growing. And so its great that were keeping up with this big Internet-driven transformation and that were pleasing our members with this extraordinary 8 million net at quarter.
David Wells: And Todd just to annotate Ted and Reed, one thing is we were a little conservative going into Q4 with price changes. And so it reflects a little bit of tempering of our expectations going through there. But given the broad scale of strength of the content offering and then the global strength, you put those two things together and you end up with the quarter that we had in Q4 which was great.
Todd Juenger: Makes sense. I definitely want to talk a little bit about the pricing here in a minute, but before we move on to that, you talked about broad based basically global growth. Can I ask specifically about a couple of geographies? I understand broad based means them all, but Asia has been one particular gigantic region I know of particular focus for your company. Anything youd want to point out specifically in Asia in the quarter or more broadly over the course of those couple quarters that are going well or not well that we should know about?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think Todd were not going to do regional breakouts. I wont give you specifics on it. But we definitely are seeing success as you all know and your channel checks and other things tell in the different markets. And when we compare it to Latin America several years ago, were very pleased with the progress that were making through India, through Southeast Asia and Japan; so really all across the board. Were seeing growth penetrations that look like the first couple of years of Latin America which as you know has worked out very well for the company.
David Wells: Its worth pointing out, Todd, that were now lapping two years in our global launch. So for many of these markets we launched with a global product not localized, not tailored to the specific market. Weve added some languages along the way. Were adding content along the way. But for many of these markets there are still reflect, so relative youth in terms of how long weve been in the market relative to say Latin America where were five and six years in and Europe where were four years and some of the larger markets and a little bit younger in the smaller markets in Europe.
Todd Juenger: Makes sense. And one of the things that you did not cite in Investor Letter at least in terms of sub growth was at least in the paragraph about sub growth was some of the plans you have with partners, MVPD partners and ISP partners, you did talk about that in a different section but you didnt cite it referring to the sub growth. Can you talk a little bit about what contribution those partnerships made to sub growth in the quarter, even help us box what percentage if you will of sort of net adds are on those sorts of relationships or total members are on those  help us understand what proportion to your subscriber base and growth those type of deals are?
David Wells: Netflix continues to be a sort of multi-impression sale and so if somebody joins us through a partner, it isnt necessarily because that partner did a specific promotion but it might be just the most convenient collection mechanism for that. That said, the importance of partnerships has grown as we get embedded in more ISPs and more CE devices and more consumer electronics and things like that. So Ill pitch it to Greg at this point, but I would say Todd it continues to be a meaningful contributor but not a dominant contributor in terms of being a major channel for us in terms of acquisition, again, relative to what I said about Netflix being a multi-impression sale. And then Greg if you want to --
Greg Peters: Yes, Ill just add more briefly, I think thats right. Its all the sort of stops along the way in a customer journey. And one of the things thats working for us well is to shave off friction at each of those different points, whether its payments or access for engagement, how you sign up. And so while those partners arent the dominant source of acquisition for us, they still remain important and well continue to invest them globally.
Spencer Wang: The only other thing to add there Todd is as you know most of the MVPDs and ISPs are regional, so any one single partnership isnt particularly material to our global net additions.
Todd Juenger: Greg, when you think about the next couple of years where essentially all smart TVs have Netflix, how do you think about the potential in the MVPD space? Kind of roughly what percentage on a global basis are we? What might we become over 5 or 10 years?
Greg Peters: Yes, we think  essentially in MVPD or the operator set-up box integrations that we are doing, were way younger than we are in TV for example. But unlike TV these operator integrations have a whole bunch of consumer benefits that we havent really been able to realize in the TV space when you think about payment integration also to different demographic. Typically smart TV purchasers are more towards the frontend of the technology adoption curve and being on a set-up box from an operator allows us to be in the place where a lot of folks are consuming linear TV more traditional and catching a little bit more of the latter adopter and then making it super easy for them to sign up by just actually adding Netflix to their bill or even more what were looking at now is packaging Netflix into one of those operator offerings, so they just get it as part of a bundle that theyre purchasing for the operator. So I think well see that grow in importance but again were a couple years behind what we are in smart TVs today.
Todd Juenger: Got it. One final one on those if you dont mind probably for David. How should we think about the unit economics of one of those subscribers for Netflix especially I guess comes to mind in terms of subscriber acquisition costs, getting a subscriber on your own versus through a partner, but then also any sort of churn or engagement differences that youve been yet to be able to observe about the lifetime value of those two different types of customers?
David Wells: So the headline would be consistent. I dont think  theres nothing different about those sort of new cohorts and new partnerships that were joining that is different than the ones weve had before. But there is a churn benefit especially if youre thinking about Netflix being bundled in with a consistently lower churn product that has a positive benefit to the lifetime value of that subscriber.
Todd Juenger: And I had one final one specifically on subs before we get probably onto pricing. When we think about the U.S. specifically, I guess the question would be who is left, who is not subscribing Netflix, who are these new subscribers that you continue to add, where are they coming from? One might think that maybe theyre among a slightly older demographic. I dont know if thats a myth or whether theres some truth to that, but if theres some truth to that, how are you tracking these subscribers or these members who are just now deciding to sign up for Netflix? Who are they and how should we have confidence you can keep hitting those elusive groups that have eluded you so far?
Reed Hastings: Well, as you recall Todd, it was five years ago when we said we thought the market in the U.S. would be somewhere between 60 million and 90 million. Were still only at 55. So we got a ways to go just to cross into the bottom of our expectation range. And then we continue, as Greg said, to make it easier to access. And then the real driver is to make the big titles bigger. So what happens is so many people are talking about Bright or Stranger Things 2 or The Crown. Thats what pulls in people who havent yet joined as all their friends are talking about the shows. Thats the dominant accelerator.
Todd Juenger: Fair enough.
Ted Sarandos: I think youre addressing like Grace and Frankie which launched its new season this week which clearly reaches an older demographic but it keeps getting broader and bigger every year, meaning that even though it was intended for a specific older demographic, young people love it as well. Theyre discovering it through word of mouth from a lot of new sources. So I think when we talked about that market size back then, thats a very fluid market in terms of what demographics of people are watching content on the Internet.
Todd Juenger: Got it. Got to talk about pricing a bit, right. So another big thing that happened in the quarter was a significant on a percentage basis pricing increased across most of your plans across most of the world. You I think made a remark earlier that that drove some of your cautiousness in your subscriber guide. It doesnt seem to have affected subscribers in the way that it was implied in your guidance. So any learnings its fair to say  so any impact at all that we should think about either maybe on churn or as a barrier to new adds and then anything different on the mix of the popularity of different plans now theres a bigger spread between the prices around the world? So a lot in that question but I guess Im trying to figure out what we can take away from the experience with the price increase.
Reed Hastings: Well, lets see. We moved from roughly 10 to 11 in Europe or $10 to $11 in the U.S., so about a 10% increase. And we saw very little effect on sign ups and growth and thus as you said the really strong results. And you can take away from that that our content is just making us to be really a primary focus for consumers entertainment. And so our responsibility is then to take that increased revenue and turn that into even better content. Thats the fundamental deal. And consumers are tolerant as long as somethings improving. So we have to do is push ourselves to just keep doing more incredible content, downloading, easy-to-use, all the things that were doing and thus continue to earn the trust and affection of consumers. So weve been doing that very well but were always cautious on it and we have no plans to try to repeat that in any way in the near term. So its really just focusing now on the quality of the experience and the enjoyment.
Todd Juenger: I think you said before and please correct me if I have it wrong that investors should think about sort of a mid-single digit CAGR in terms of average price. Is that still the way investors  assuming I had that right, is there any change to that based on your experience in the quarter?
Reed Hastings: I think its a tricky thing because it really has to be a reflection of the underlying quality of the experience on a relative basis. So as long as were able to continue to improve our content and our whole experience at a remarkable rate, which we can measure in viewing hours and things like that, then asking our customers to help us fund that at higher levels is reasonable. But if we werent gaining relative value for the customers, then we wouldnt be changing prices. So think of it as just the North Star is not the financial plan, its the customer satisfaction. But the big way to improve the customer satisfaction even further is to ask to get paid a little bit more on the current service so that we can make it even better.
Ted Sarandos: Right. I think people come up with that value proposition based on how much time theyre watching Netflix and how much theyre loving that time.
Todd Juenger: So speaking of content, you clearly have confidence that your investments in content are paying off. You can point to growing subscribers, growing pricing. Youve telegraphed to almost $8 billion of P&L content spend for the coming years. Let me start with this question. Why is that the right number? Why not 9 billion or 10 billion or why not 6 billion or 7 billion? How do you circle in on that range of spend as being where youre comfortable for the next year at least?
Ted Sarandos: Well, at any given time that is the question. What is the right number? And the big one we find is that as we keep investing in content and we growing hours of viewing and growing hours of engagement and growing net subs, then youre getting good return on the investment. And the question is to bet why this number is the right number is that you dont want to get too far ahead of that number. So we keep investing forward based on the confidence of how were doing. And at some point if were seeing  if were not growing viewing hours or not growing subs or not growing enjoyment, then youve hit a point of diminishing returns. We just havent seen that yet.
Todd Juenger: Got it.
Reed Hastings: And Todd, it is 8 billion as youve pointed out for this year but it will definitely of course be higher in 2019 and 2020. So dont think of it as 8 billion as some new plateau. Instead its just a point in time as we grow both the revenue and our content budget.
David Wells: And one of the things that you are seeing too, Todd, along those lines is to increase marketing somewhat slightly relative to content to multiply the value of that content across the business. But that isnt an indication where were  were seeing feedback that spending a little bit more marketing is actually going to be better for the business overall, because it amplifies the value of the content.
Todd Juenger: When we think about the 8 billion, 9 billion, 10 billion and growing as investors, how should we think about the execution risk associated with that? That is a lot of projects to manage, a lot more than Netflix used to manage last year and five years ago. How much time do you spend thinking about that and how much of a concern from an investment standpoint do we get in terms of your ability to execute on that much spend?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we have been doubling the effort every year for the last five years year-on-year. And a way to look at it is the investment that we try to make is we try to make sure that were restricting ourselves to the real core executive skill set which is picking great people, both picking great executives to help shepherd these projects but also picking great creatives and great projects to run with. And if I had the same number of people at the same quality levels as I did five years ago, Id be anxious. But weve been ramping ourselves up and ramping up our work with creators to continue to keep scaling the business with our focus on is to continue to do it at the same level that we have year-on-year even in double  with a 100% increase in volume.
Todd Juenger: Lets talk about Bright a little bit. Its obviously a --
Reed Hastings: An epic moment, an incredible story.
Ted Sarandos: Thats the words Im looking for, Todd. Thats the word.
Todd Juenger: Yes, so theres a lot of words and the critics had some other words for it but your members seemed to have loved it. So I just wondered if you can help us reconcile it. How can a film project  how can you reconcile the disconnect between the critical response to that film and what I think you portrayed is a very positive members response to that film so much so that youre agreeing with a sequel. How do you reconcile that? Whats going on with that?
Ted Sarandos: The consumer response, the viewer response to the film has been great and every kind of internal measurement that we look at in terms of viewing and reach, we said its one of our most watched pieces of original content, meaning TV show or film that weve ever had on Netflix. And if you look at all the kind of external indicators around how people feel about the movie, user reviews on Rotten Tomatoes or user ratings on IMDB, you see a very, very positive experience with that film. So the way we reconcile it is that critics are an important part of the kind of artistic process but are not  theyre pretty disconnected from the commercial prospects of the film. So the way you look at it  we look at it as if people are watching this movie and loving it, that is the measurement of success. And if the critics get behind it or dont, that is a select group of kind of social media influencers that you look at who are talking to a specific audience.
Reed Hastings: So I would say Todd from an investor standpoint, you want to focus on things like Google Trends relative to other movies like Jumanji or something that opened up at the same time and the critics are pretty disconnected from the mass appeal, especially remembering [indiscernible] international at this point and most of those critical reviews you read are English language and usually just U.S.
Todd Juenger: Speaking a little more broadly about the film budget altogether, I think youve talked about some rather ambitious plans it seems to me at least just for 2018 I think Ive heard 80 individual film projects on the slate, something like that.
Ted Sarandos: Thats the productions and acquisitions, yes.
Todd Juenger: Got it. Bright was an example I think  of a bigger sort of tent-pole sort of  I dont know if youd use that word but obviously a big cornerstone film. Not all 80 of those films are going to be like that but just the success of Bright, how does that shape your thought about what the profile of your movie slate goes for? And any  of the $7 billion and $8 billion of content spend, are you willing to share like how much of that roughly is for what you would call films?
David Wells: Ted, theres probably a portion for me and a portion for Ted. So Ted, let me take the  the success of Bright is awesome for us. It doesnt necessarily change our outlook in terms of how much more were going to do on the film front. Ted has a portion already set aside for films. I think he hasnt really changed that. I think it probably increases his confidence in that portion set aside, but Ill let him answer. But in terms of  from an investor standpoint, feature films are an important aspect of our service that we think we need to get right and provide. And its a portion of that spend  we dont talk in specifics about the exact proportion of the spend. And then Ted, you can comment on --
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I would say the profile of our original films range anywhere from a movie like I Don't Feel at Home in This World Anymore that was a very low budget film that opened at Sundance Film Festival and ultimately won the Sundance Film Festival last year all the way up to the kind of tent-pole sci-fi action movie like Bright. And what weve seen is that each one of these milestones or budget milestone is that weve had reinforcement in the performance of those films to increase our confidence that this form of subscription is a good way to monetize content at all different budget ranges, including the largest budget ranges for films where I would a while ago I would have said, look, Im highly confident that we can make small films work well on Netflix and then next year Ill be more confident that we do medium films well on Netflix. But weve seen success at every one of these budget profiles and were really excited that we can continue to push that out and please more and more people if were not constrained to small budget films.
Todd Juenger: Connected to all this to me just the sheer volume of output that continues to be added to the service everyday and there was a sentence or paragraph in the Investor Letter that talked about  and David mentioned this before about increasing marketing spend faster than increasing revenue. A clause that you put into it caught my attention said, because our testing something to it says that this would be a good thing to do. Greg maybe or whoever wants to, can you tell us a little more about what that testing is, what are you testing, why does it give you confidence that theres a good return on this marketing spend? Wed love to learn about that a little bit.
Greg Peters: Sure. I think as youre aware, we use experimentation and testing to inform as much of the business we possibly can and has been super exciting to actually bring that experimentation into marketing and marketing around supporting these big title brands and how we can expose them to both members, non-members and grow viewing and acquisition through this purchase. So we basically run the same kinds of experiments and have determined from that that this is a great way to spend that money to support our growth.
Reed Hastings: And Todd, that is all accurate. We look at it as additive input on top of the service. And our sort of Holy Grail dream is that the service was so good of promoting the new content in such relevant ways that we wouldnt have to spend externally. So think of it as theres a little bit of competition between Greg and Kelly Bennett spending to see who can drive the growth of the titles most effectively. And as we are right now, it still is a really good financial investment to increase on the marketing and that may continue to be so but were always also trying to improve the product in the organic reach, social and PR of the title marketing where you end up having to spend less on the marketing. But we really  as you can understand steer by the data where were doing these city level, country level experiments to see what are the efficient ways and productive ways to get say Bright viewing very large or a title that we recently had End Of The F****ing World and its been incredible for us with not much marketing and then were boosting on it. And we have titles at all different ranges and we want to get people talking about those titles amongst their friends so that you get those social dynamics which then help us grow.
Todd Juenger: And Ted --
Ted Sarandos: Im anxious not to say that the entire call  that have been chosen who benefitted greatly from the marketing test and other shows that the site is perfectly efficient promoting like to your point, which is it tells us theres a fertile ground to learn more for sure.
Spencer Wang: And Todd, just to add. That increase in marketing spend is obviously embedded in our operating margin guidance. So our [indiscernible] 300 basis points of an increase in operating margin. So thats obviously factored in that increased marketing.
Todd Juenger: We didnt plan it, thats a perfect tee up for one ridiculously mundane sort of accounting question I wanted to ask before we left content, so I guess Spencer or David. There was a write-off in the quarter. I guess thats sort of run-in-the-mill business. Anything you want to say about that? But then more broadly youve had another year of experience. Anything about the amortization scheme for the value of content and the way that shapes that youve learned or would change  because that definitely attracts perhaps margins going forward?
Spencer Wang: No, I dont think theres much to add to that, Todd. So as weve always said as is  weve written in our content accounting over the slide deck on the IR Web site, we do evaluate our content library for impairment. And when we do abandon a project, in this case some unreleased projects, we do write down the value of that. So from an investor transparency perspective that that would be a good thing to highlight this quarter, but really not a material factor in the quarter because as you saw from the results we did exceed our operating income and contribution profit targets.
David Wells: These types of business write-downs are an ongoing facet of Teds world in terms of producing content, but we just hadnt had one of this magnitude. And related to the societal reset around sexual harassment, so it was somewhat unusual in that respect.
Ted Sarandos: I think it was probably a good indicator too when you have a lot of projects going, high-profile projects that  weve moved away from much concentration risk of any one project having material impact.
Todd Juenger: All right. Segueing on to topic of industry consolidation and whats going on with Disney Fox which some investors are probably wondering why it took me so long to get to that. Ive got several questions about that but may be just start at the high level, I guess maybe Reed just Disney is trying to acquire Fox. What are your thoughts?
Reed Hastings: I was as surprised as anyone else that Fox is willing to sell. And to have all those cable networks together in one bundle gives them tremendous pricing power against MVPDs. So I could see the attractiveness of it. And then theyre also putting together a Disney direct-to-consumer service which we think will be very successful because Disney has super strong brands. And so well see  we dont see it as a threat to us any more than Hulu has been, but its a great opportunity for them. And will it trigger a wave of consolidations? Thats possible. But honestly we try as much as possible to focus on our own consumers, how do we do the shows that we can do and grow our business and these kind of big U.S. media company mergers are pretty peripheral to us. So you wouldnt expect us to be very involved in that.
Todd Juenger: It was a very common question among investors which is well, theres a fair amount of Disney and Fox owned content on the Netflix service and the investors wonder whether theres a risk that will be taken away from you. So I guess Id like to ask that question. And to the extent in your answer you could help or quantify the extent there is some content that might be at risk over time, how much --?
Ted Sarandos: You shouldnt think of it as risk. I think we have strategically and they have strategically been moving in this direction for a long time. It was one of the reasons we entered into original programming was that if we got to the place where networks didnt want to sell us their content in second windows that we would be replacing that with our own  by creating our own original programming. And as kind of  as is playing out in that direction, the things that are on the site today, most of those are kind of run-of-series deals; so a thing like American Crime Story People v. O. J., as long as they keep making those shows, they continue on Netflix. Our Marvel series that Disney produces for us, we own those shows and they run until we cancel them. So theres no risk of surprise I should put it that way that their content would be coming at lower volume from Disney and Fox that was coming in that direction for a long time.
David Wells: And to reinforce that point, the 17.7 billion of commitments that we have is exactly that, the tractable years of content that we have licensed.
Reed Hastings: And when we say we own those Marvel shows, we get to use them for a very long time. Underlying copyright in that case is still owned by the Marvel side. And for example, Todd, on the Pay 1 deal movie deal we have with Disney in the U.S., that wont get renewed clearly. Theyll keep that. But again in most countries of the world, we dont have the Pay 1 movie deal from Disney. So we dont look at that of itself as a hugely material, its great content. But were able to grow without it just fine.
Todd Juenger: I wonder if your level of  I dont know if concern is a good word, your level of thinking you do on this issue would change if you thought about this expanding further. Some investors believe while this is just the start, now Warners, now Universal, all these companies are going to start rethinking their own strategies with their Pay 2 windows where they want their content --
Ted Sarandos: The big bet they have to make  I would say the big bet they have to make, Todd, can they make more money licensing their content to us or somebody else by having their own services and managing their own services. That remains to be seen.
Reed Hastings: CBS for example is taking a middle road where its got all access with a bunch of shows but then they licensed Star Trek to us internationally which funds most of the production. So think of it as an evolving mix. Fundamentally, if we can monetize content really well, then people will sell to us because we can pay them and thats ultimately the core economic driver. And of course a lot of what Teds been forecasting and working on these past five years is going directly to producers and talent where were not going through those other aggregators. So our exposure is significantly less than it used to be and were feeling good about the path were on.
Todd Juenger: And you made it clear both in the Letter and your opening remarks in terms of competition from the new Disney direct-to-consumer services, your opinion on that is well understood I think. Let me ask you this nuance. Is there anything to  it seems like Disney might be considering more of a stratified type of consumer offering, we dont know for sure but it seems maybe there will be sort of more of a kids family type of service and then maybe more adult type of service, maybe a sports type of service. Do you think that theres a market out there that is more interested in sort of a more narrow service at a lower price compared to Netflix which is a more broad concept I think? Is there anything about that that is informing how you think about the space?
Reed Hastings: Well, thats a great illustration of the benefits of competition. Everyone knows the cost of competition. But the benefits are your competitors are challenger brands, so they dont tend to follow your strategy if you call us the leader in streaming. And then theyll try many things; separate sports, other flavors and if some of it works, then we get to learn from that. So our view would be to let them try to innovate on those aspects and watch what they do and learn from consumers. Do they really love it? It doesnt change our strategy. So think of us as our thing is working and what we have to do is not get distracted. We have to do content at a scale very few people have ever done before. We have to do marketing and product at that. And if we do that, the reward should be very solid for us. So weve got a path ahead. Everyone else in streaming is trying to find one. And again, we have to watch them and learn. And I think in particular Disney was at strength of brand and unique content. Well have some real success and I know Ill be a subscriber of it for my own personal watching in the same way and as many Disney and Fox executives also subscribe to Netflix and watch our shows. So what I see is well all learn from each other and total streaming will grow faster because of the competition.
Todd Juenger: Let me ask one very specific but I think in a big market question about Disney Fox. So if that goes through, I guess Disney would presumably become the owner of Hotstar in India, a pretty big user base for that. Does that  in India very obviously big but particular market, does that change the dynamic in your mind at all in that market?
Reed Hastings: Not particularly. YouTube gets the most streaming in India but Hotstar gets the second most. So its not a widely different landscape. So that wouldnt particularly change our view in India. Hotstar is a great competitor and sometimes collaborator now and Im sure that would continue to be under Disney.
Todd Juenger: When you described the competition in Investor Letter you segmented into  at least the way I read it into sort of non-advertising supporting service like you guys and Amazon and then free advertising supported service. I guess Hulu would fit in somewhere between there. Youve talked in the past about the role or people ask you all the time, so Im going to ask you again about whether advertising would ever fit into the Netflix service at some bargain you make the consumer, or do you continue to see not having advertising as an important strategic differentiator for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: It is a core differentiator and again were having great success on the commercial free path. Thats what our brand is about. So were going to continue to expand the relevance of a commercial free service around the world and make that so popular that consumers are very used to and appreciate Netflix.
Spencer Wang: Todd, I think we have time for one last question.
Todd Juenger: Okay. Well, that always puts the pressure on  Im going to roll up one last question. I havent asked at all really about the guidance. Ill try and make it one question. I think Reed youre on record saying that the more sort of free cash flow that Netflix invests, the happier your investors should be because that shows the confidence of the service. So if I look at sort of the 3 billion to 4 billion free cash flow loss for next year and combine that with sort of the P&L margin expansion, what would be the sign of success that the investors can look for to have comfort that that level of investment is going to generate the returns that you guys have the confidence in?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think you have to go on the track record. Weve been able to convert great shows  lets take Bright as an example where the cash out for that is one to three years before release and then it turns into an enormous movie for us. And so weve had that track record. For the last couple of years have greater and greater scale and were continuing to take it up a notch. Many investors were quite reasonably concerned about our international expansion. Would we be popular at LATAM or Europe or Asia? Thats a reasonable concern. Many companies have issues there. But were pretty focused on the great execution of this narrow focus of what we do, not getting distracted by everybody else. And I think the core thing is betting on the track record of our ability to invest that money well so that as we bring those content to the service in 2019, 2020 and begin to expense it that were also  its great content thats really driving value. But the core thing is betting on the track record that we have.
David Wells: And if I can bag a CFO angle on this, Todd, in terms of  its not too far off our indications last quarter on where we were going. Yes, the content spend has somewhat come up in some peoples minds in terms of our 7.5 billion to 8 billion guide. But in terms of where weve grown the business, how much we grew the business in 2017 seeing accelerating growth in the business, back to Reeds comment on our track record, its not too far off. It might be a little bit higher in terms of that reinvestment in the business, but I do think that were starting to see some of the factors influencing the working capital needs on content start to moderate a bit as weve pushed into more categories, as weve grown the content. And so we want to leave ourselves enough room for continued growth and acceleration in that growth of the business, but we are seeing some of those pressures moderate a bit. And as our operating profit grows, well be able to pay more for that organically.
Spencer Wang: And perhaps if I can bag the IR angle on top of the CFO angle, I would just lastly say that since this is really just a timing of cash payment issue, we really view the P&L and the growing operating profits and the growing operating margin as really the indicator that the strategy is working. So thats why we try to give you guys as much transparency as we can with respect to how were advertising the content so you have confidence in the income statement.
Ted Sarandos: And just to assure everyone that were not resting with the great 2017, coming up in the quarter we still have incredible launches ahead of us, like Altered Carbon which is a huge sci-fi series that launches on January 26 and second seasons of our French series Marseille, Jessica Jones, Santa Clarita Diet and Lemony Snicket coming up later in the quarter. One sleeper that I think people should keep an eye on is a series called Everything Sucks! And new installments of our David Letterman show My Next Guest Needs No Introduction coming up and so great new launches that were really excited about. So keep an eye on more to come.
Reed Hastings: Thank you everyone. Thank you Todd for doing the interview and we couldnt be more pleased with the growth of the business, but were definitely very focused on improving what we do. Thank you, everyone.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-17 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Spencer Wang - VP, Finance/IR & Corporate Development Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO David Wells - CFO Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer Greg Peters - Chief Product Officer
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities
Spencer Wang: Good afternoon and welcome to the Netflix Q3 2017 earnings interview. Im Spencer Wang, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Development. Joining me today are CEO, Reed Hastings; CFO, David Wells; Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos; and Chief Product Officer, Greg Peters. Our interviewer this quarter is Doug Mitchelson from UBS. Before we begin, we will be making forward-looking statement and actual results may vary. With that, let me kick it over to Doug for his first question.
Q - Doug Mitchelson: Thank you, Spencer. Good afternoon, everybody. Im going to ask question for each of you and then we will start rotating by topic. Reed for you to start, it was another strong third quarter. Do you feel like we are hitting some sort of inflection point with streaming video? You have your digital peers, whom perhaps competitors pivoting into Hollywood video. We have a slew of SVOD services that we will be launching over the next couple of quarters. You have the traditional media companies thinking about diving into direct-to-consumer themselves. Do you see a real sort of inflection point in the marketplace?
Reed Hastings: Well, Wall Street loves inflection points. So Id love to say yes, but I think it's pretty much steady growth. And we've seen new competitors increase streaming around the world, new devices, new formats, just been a continuous evolution. You know we started streaming 10 years ago. Now we are completing our 11th year of streaming. So Id say, overall, more of the same and continued great success for streaming.
Doug Mitchelson: Ted, takeaways for you from the third quarter, what surprised you? What was better? What was worse than expected?
Ted Sarandos: Well, Doug, I was pleasantly surprised and relieved in our kind of continuing expansion of our original programming verticals, including releasing an adult animated comedy in with Big Mouth, big feature film like Meyerowitz. It's being getting very well received critically and being watched by in big numbers all around the world. David Fincher's new series Mindhunter and an Italian original Suburra that we shot in Rome all Italian for our Italian and European customers, but also for our Netflix users around the world. So, just kind of a continuing breadth of things that are working well for our subscribers, Im excited about.
Doug Mitchelson: Greg for you to set the table, any learnings from your time in Asia, specifically the Japan launch and how that's informing your strategy as you get started in the early days here as global product manager?
Greg Peters: Sure. I spent a lot of time there obviously trying to grow the service, producing and launching new content, and that experience allows me to bring those lessons back to the work that we do in products. So, I'm looking forward to putting more investment and how we support content. How do we invest in technology to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the team that the work that Ted's team is doing. producing great content and scale. Also to change the product experience that we have to do a better job at promoting content that has little built in awareness, so we can sell those new original series and films more effectively. But then also to continue to evolve the product experience that we have today to be effective at meeting the needs of the next 100 million, 200 million members, so it can be as compelling as it is for the 100 million members we have today.
Doug Mitchelson: I think we will talk through some of that as we get deeper into the Q&A. And Spencer, when combining the last question between Ted and you, on Millarworld, first company acquisition ever, can you discuss the strategy and how we should measure ROI on that field?
Spencer Wang: Sure, Doug. With respect to Millarworld a couple of things to highlight for you. The first is I think you can tell from our track record we -- this is the first acquisition weve done in our 20 year history. So I think from that you can take that weve a very strong bias to build over by. Secondly, we remain very, very focused, so were now looking to diversify into new businesses, but rather looking opportunistically at intellectual property and other content assets that can help enhance our content library and also accelerate our growth. So overall, I think you should expect us to be selective, but opportunistic as it pertains to M&A.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I would say Mark and Millarworld had incredible concentration of original projects that we were already kind of circling on the TV side and on the feature side. And so we just we were -- to had us look deeper into the track record of original content creation and the roles they played in creating really iconic films -- that we think we can continue to build on, so we are excited about it.
Doug Mitchelson: Do you see a series of other acquisitions that have similar characteristics?
Ted Sarandos: Obviously we're looking at a lot of things, so -- when there can be these kind of efficiencies, meaning that much creativity under one roof, well thats the one to explore that.
Doug Mitchelson: And -- so I wanted to switch to the third quarter a little bit more and I think David this one might be for you, but perhaps Ted as well, it was a relatively content like quarter not that a lot of content was released, but when you compare it to the third quarter of last year it looked a little bit lighter in terms of important original exclusives. Yet the results were very strong again. I know, in the second quarter you talked about some uncertainty as to how much was driven by content versus just growth in the overall streaming marketplace. So it seems the third quarter the answer is really -- it's the streaming marketplace. Am I reading that right?
David Wells: I think so. I mean, Ive been pretty consistent in quarter-after-quarter that the base force that really is the strongest force is the continued adoption of Internet TV and entertainment and that tends to drive the lion share of our net additions. When we try to explain the quarter-to-quarter perturbations or some of the lumpiness in our net additions, we tend to use explanations that sort of focus on the incremental, which could be content slate or particular title that had some notable strength. But I think, in general, it is the continued adoption of Internet entertainment that is driving our growth and it's really helped more and more by the increasing strength of our content slate, notably our global originals are helping drive that. And you saw that show up in the second quarter with all of the growth that we saw on the international line over and above what we thought we might do, but that was continued momentum carry forward from the second quarter as well.
Doug Mitchelson: It's interesting, because I think we've been wondering, for a while in the last few quarters youve talked about having some content strength or some titles that we're surprised that perhaps pulled forward growth, whereas maybe youre getting into the critical mass where instead there is a carryover from strengths in previous quarters, and as you said it might level out from year-to-year. So do you think we are hitting that critical mass of content? And if so, how do you forecast the fourth quarter? It's a strong content slate year-to-year in our view and Ted might follow up with that just to see if you agrees or disagrees? Do you no longer sort of use new big original content like Stranger Things to as a driver of your forecast?
David Wells: Well, I think it's -- you are pointing out that it is hard, right. As we continue to grow the large background force again is the adoption of Internet entertainment, but when we try to explain quarter-to-quarter changes, it becomes a little bit harder and it's hard even for our own team to ascribe certain incremental growth and we do the best that we can. But it is of note that this year in particular will be sort of the flattest growth that we seen from Q1, Q2, Q3, so youve got strengthening content slate and growing content releases, number of releases paired with a seasonal pattern paired with very strong adoption globally and growing global adoption of Internet entertainment, and you get to a little bit of a hard pattern to discern. But we are just pleased that this year's growth if you back away from the quarters and you look at just the four quarters, this year we're growing nearly to 22 million global net additions off -- up from 19 million and that was up from prior-year. So, in general, the background trend is just increasing growth and increasing adoption. And then Ted over to you for the content comments.
Ted Sarandos: I mean, I think it might be just a reflection of the steady drumbeat of high-quality content that people are watching, that are not necessarily all concentrated in the same pockets. There are three different films that released this quarter that if viewing was buying a movie ticket would be sizable successes in Death Note, Naked, and To The Bone. So -- and probably very little audience crossover between them. And so that's kind of the benefit I think of the steady output of great new original programming coming nearly every day on Netflix.
Doug Mitchelson: And then David last question in this wire questioning. When you think about the fourth quarter guidance, can you just discuss for investors what swing factors you do see in there? Obviously, there might be price increase churn, you do have some big content like Stranger Things too coming, though. What were the factors that were driving the guidance for the fourth quarter?
David Wells: Sure. I mean, so one primary factor is just the pricings we had -- again, we had un-grandfathering last year. We got price this year, we have great content coming with Stranger Things too, Crown too and more that Ted will talk about, but some big strong content releases. And we have just the sort of perturbations that we seen. Last year was the largest quarter we ever had, so we are comping off the largest Q4 we've ever had. And this is our best guess, and weve been wrong in the past, but it's our best guess of the next 90 days.
Doug Mitchelson: So why dont we switch to pricing, so for Reed and for David, can you discuss the pricing strategy broadly and then I will have some follow-ups.
Reed Hastings: Well, prices are relative to value. We're continuing to increase the content offering and we're seeing that reflected in viewing around the world. So we try to maintain that feeling that consumers have that were a great value in terms of the amount of the content we have relative to the prices. And of course we maintained our 799 standard of program or 799 in the euro zone, at that incredibly low price. So weve got a great range now, super value-oriented in standard F, super-premium is great stuff in the 4K. And I definitely I was watching Mindhunter last night on my Dolby Vision 4K TV, and if you haven't tried it yet you really got to try this HDR TV, it is just unbelievable how beautiful the picture looks.
Doug Mitchelson: David, anything on your end in terms of why now anything that this suggests in terms of the piece of content spend, particularly on the cash side. And one more on that, David, it seems at least from what Ive seen so far a lot of the price increases have been really hitting the big and perhaps more mature markets or at least the more developed countries. Is that right? Is that the strategy to take up price in developed countries because the emerging markets are revenue driven through self growth?
David Wells: Well, Id add back to what Reed said, I mean, its really about slow and steady. Weve been in no hurry. We're in no hurries. Many investors have sort of criticized us in the past for being underpriced and I think for us we want to make sure that we do this commensurate with value like Reed said. And as we take up the content library value as we're doing more global originals that people have exclusively and only on Netflix, there's a great association of that value and we think that we can grow that that value and that price slowly and steadily over time. [Technical difficulty] and if were going to take the spending up next year [technical difficulty] member growth and partially from the opportunity.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I mean, I shouldnt let that go without addressing that there's no timing correlation between our intent to grow content and to grow content spending, and the price increases. I mean, this has been planned for a long time and so were sort of growing and slowly growing and planning the business steadily. So we've assumed that were going to grow ASP slowly over time and we're taking the content up with that as well.
David Wells: I think -- a great pattern to keep an eye into Doug is, yes, were excited that next quarter we are going to release new seasons of established great shows like Stranger Things and the Crown, but this -- and most recently might -- we released new Season 1, the brand new shows like Atypical, like Big Mouth, like Mindhunter that Reed had mentioned already, and like Ozark that I think are -- its a steady drumbeat again of the next show you can live without and the new season of that show that we have to keep going and keep building on.
Doug Mitchelson: And just to make sure we address that in terms of taking up price in developed markets versus undeveloped markets, is that right or we just really seen the price increases in the developed market so far and it's sort of more of a global strategy?
David Wells: Well, in terms of how you define a developed market, I mean, weve raised price earlier in the year in Brazil, in other parts of Latin America. So I don't think you can cleanly sort of divide it. It is true that we may not chose to raise price in a market that were only a year, 18 months old and specifically around markets that we didnt have a tailored library launch. We had a -- chose to launch global with sort of an all at once and a global library and we're specifically increasing the engagement in the library quality in many of those markets, if not all. But we may chose in those markets that -- to make the decision that we haven't grown value fast enough, and to be honest lower track with pricing in those markets.
Doug Mitchelson: The last question on the price increase is taking the higher tier of $2 and a question I get asked a lot is whether password sharing is an issue. How high is it on the priority list for the company? Is the reflection of the higher tiers went up $2, or the middle tiers going up a $1 and the lower tier 0, is that you're making password sharing more expensive?
David Wells: Greg, you want to take that?
Greg Peters: Sure. I think -- with regard to the priority, password sharing isn't a huge issue for us right now. So it's not a huge priority to go try and take significant measures to try and stem it, we think that a broader spread in pricing better reflects the value that we're delivering in the higher tiers, the 4K, the HDR, the awesomeness that Reed mentioned in Mindhunter, and so really youre just seeing us push that spread farther apart to try and address that value.
Doug Mitchelson: So lets switchover to the content access for a little bit, Ted, and before I start asking you about all the competitors trying to win over shows that you might want. Just any update on your content slate how the development process is scaling? I think weve got a pretty good visibility on the fourth quarter, but do you see a strong first half '18 coming?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, definitely. And we're really excited, we will wrap up this year with our biggest original film project Bright, which is Will Smith starring with Joel Edgerton and directed by David Ayer's. And it's a big budget event movie that I think people will start seeing the potential for this original movie initiative that it can be done on the big -- on the enormous scale that we have on the television side. What Im also really excited about is we're ramping up our local language original production, so you're seeing new series in local languages just recently in Italy, upcoming in Germany with Dark and weve had incredible success in those markets with those shows. And they could -- those shows are continuing to travel outside, which is really exciting for us that those shows we can put more production scale behind them, because they're being watched in markets much larger than just a country of origin. That on top of our kind of steady drumbeat of new original series that is yes you are correct its becoming a much more competitive marketplace, but we've been really happy with our results in that competitive marketplace.
Doug Mitchelson: Any concerns around access to content, particularly, with Hollywood? Of course, the big new sense you reported last is Disney going direct-to-consumer and going back on the Pay 1 window with you here in the United States and Canada, but also having the Disney channel content in there I think Bog Iger said he's going in hot in terms of his OTT launch in a couple of years on that Disney service. Any concerns that not only the Disney content going away could have an impact on Netflix and its valued subscribers, but also that other traditional media companies might follow suit?
Ted Sarandos: So I think everyone is going to have their own strategies and it's exciting that everyone is trying to make over-the-top television better and better. I think that is good for all of us and we just have to focus on creating content that our members can't live without and get excited about it every month. So that's really the -- and not get too distracted by the competitive landscape around us and whether or not one of our partners decide to produce for us or to compete with us, thats really a choice that they have to make based on their own business. And we're thrilled that more people are doing it, because I think it's great for the -- for innovation. I think it's great for consumers to have a lot of choice, and that we just have to be the best choice out there. I think that's not different. The environment isn't a lot different than it is in the television world where Fox produces for ABC and NBC produces for Fox. And -- so I think that those choices being made on a case-by-case basis. Im not worried about access, Doug, because weve long-term agreements with all these players that shows that we have our run off series. So if somebody chooses not to renew a deal here and there, the series that are successful on Netflix right out as long as they exist in that second window. By an interesting way of example something like Walking Dead that the deal with AMC expired two years ago and Walking Dead continues to be a successful show in Netflix and will as long as the show is being produced.
Reed Hastings: And just to quantify, Doug, what Ted was saying, our commitments at the end of the quarter were $17 billion over the next years, so that helps sort of put another sort of level of quantification for you on that, and we also have the benefit of our growing library of produced content, of which the net book value at the end of the quarter was about $2.5 billion.
Ted Sarandos: And just one more thing to add would be we are -- included in all these transitions are we are coproducing content with CBS all access by way of example with the Star Trek series, the Star Trek: Discovery. So it's a rapidly changing environment for sure.
Reed Hastings: And, Doug, Disney is a great brand with great content, but internationally we have it only in the Netherlands, Australia, and Canada and you saw how big our international growth was in most of the world without the Disney content. So, although it's got an enormously significant brand in terms of its significance relative to growth, you can see that we've done very well in international without it.
Ted Sarandos: We are ready to partner with them when theyre ready too.
Doug Mitchelson: I think that it's an interesting dynamic because increasingly the license content seems to be going to either Hulu or you have a Disney situation with OTT, so I think investors are struggling with Netflix as you look farther and farther down the road, that major U.S media companies might be licensing less and less to Netflix, but you have a strategy of more and more original content. And I'm curious how do you sort of derive the confidence that your ramping original exclusives on Netflix will offset any loss of licensing content in the future?
Ted Sarandos: Well, what Im confident of is that it will not be an erratic shift, because like I said we have these long-term agreements and those deals kind of run out as we're ramping up. And that has been pretty -- a pretty smooth transition to date. I think that the -- in those partnerships, where there's still a lot of value that Im sure producers and networks and studios are evaluating is something like Riverdale where having Riverdale on Netflix in the second window meant an enormous audience growth for it in Season 2. In fact, 400% audience increase on CW from Season 1 to Season 2, and the only thing different from that in This Is Us is Riverdale was on Netflix. So I think people have to look at that and look at those trade-offs in value and to see when does the partnership become too competitive and make those decisions when the threat of the competition outweighs the value of the partnership.
Doug Mitchelson: And, Ted, how big was the increase in This Is Us season and season given that it was on Hulu for back season?
Ted Sarandos: I dont know. It wasnt nowhere near the 400%. It was up from Season 1, but not -- nowhere near 400%.
Doug Mitchelson: I think Jeff Bezos has said that he's looking for the next Game of Thrones. Any sense that perhaps Amazon is shifting programming strategy and that would have any impact on Netflix at all?
Reed Hastings: So as Richard Plepler looking for the next Game of Thrones 
Doug Mitchelson: Thats Ted Sarandos, so is everybody. I mean, there is a lot of disruption going on at Amazon, it is an interesting sort of lesson that you can't just necessarily buy success in Hollywood and youve had some success obviously and I dont want to belabor the point too much in this forum for investors, but I would be interested if you could sort of discuss what you're doing and how its sustainable in terms of continuing to create high-quality content when others are struggling?
Spencer Wang: I think it's an extension of our employee and corporate culture around freedom of responsibility. It attracts the best and brightest. And I think we've created a place where people want to come and create. Theyve heard from their friends, they've seen it from their peers, that they have been able to come into the best work of their lives. And that is a bit -- seems to be quite repeatable. So we keep building on that by giving the resources for a content creator to come and have a great professional experience. And that is something that we keep betting on where I think other people want to try to replicate the heavy handedness of the network model that we've avoided so successfully.
Doug Mitchelson: For Reed and Ted, Wall Street Journal reported, I believe, last week that the Board of Weinstein was considering selling the company or shutting down its business. Does the situation at Weinstein impact Netflix at all and if the company was put up for sale given the sort of the massive intellectual property and the studio that that resides there, would Netflix be interested?
Ted Sarandos: Particularly interested in acquisition?
Doug Mitchelson: Yes.
Ted Sarandos: There is a lot of smoke to clear from whats happening there. Our business with the Weinstein Company is pretty arms distance and we have a second window, the alpha deal on their films, of course theatrical and some second window television agreements with them. So it's not material in either way.
Reed Hastings: It will be extremely unlikely for us to be a better for the firm.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you. Let me switch over to Greg. So, Greg, on the product side, can you give us what should consumers of Netflix expect in terms of changes over the next -- the short to midterm now that youre here?
Greg Peters: Tons of changes. I think one -- the ones that I'm most excited about is there is a tremendous opportunity I think to morph the product experience to be more and more effective at explaining to our members, what's great about one of the original shows that Ted's team is making and making that connection with this new novel IP, I think there is a huge opportunity to use also to new forms of assets, video in surprising ways to make those connections.
Doug Mitchelson: And what would you say your priority list is right now?
Greg Peters: Priority list is supporting Ted and his team and making great content at increasing scale, changing that consumer experience to do a better job at promoting those new series. Its making better use of the marketing that we do too, so we can actually provide technical support to our marketing team to really provide the right message in the right channel, at the right time for the right consumers that are targeting and programmatic there as well. Also better leveraging our partners both for new acquisition and engaging our members, and finally making sure again that the product continues to be really, really effective at evolving to respond to the new needs of the consumers, the next 100 million, 200 million members that we will have, to make sure we keep an eye to that shifting global set of use cases and requirements.
Reed Hastings: And, Greg, just add something about Proximus and T-Mobile.
Greg Peters: Yes, I mean, one of the things were super excited about is the work that we are doing on bundling, we started in Europe with Proximus with SFR/Altice and we just launched in the United States T-Mobile here and we're very, very excited about leveraging our partners to find efficient ways for our members to basically care, our new members to be I should say to find out about our service and sign up and pay very, very effectively.
Doug Mitchelson: And I think to some extend you're touching on mobile access and when investors think about addressing Asia, they immediately think to mobile. Does the company at this point sort of jump -- Reed, David, if you have any comments? Think about mobile as part of the addressable market as part of the TAM or is a focus still broadband and Pay-TV households?
Ted Sarandos: I think for sure, we do. Its just how much -- where we are in the cycle, of both learning and addressing that market and Reed and David differently, but we for sure think that's part of the great global opportunity in terms of Internet delivered entertainment.
Reed Hastings: David, Wells can tell you that I'm often complaining when we see internal metrics would number of broadband households, so it's the Tam. So I think about it is number of people and so its very much all people on the planet will get the benefit of the Internet over the next 20 years, and we hope that all of them will get to enjoy Netflix also.
Doug Mitchelson: And so then, Greg, back to you. How are you making the service work better on mobile? Any specifics around how much room there is on encoding and all the fun engineering things like that?
Greg Peters: Sure. So were definitely focused on making mobile both effective from a user acquisition perspectives, the new members but also from a member engagement perspective. So, for those members who don't have a smart TV at home or maybe want to watch something while there on the go, we want to make that a great experience. So as you mentioned, one of the things that we are working very hard on is making sure that the encodes that we're using are superefficient, so that we can provide a really, really high quality video experience with lesser and lesser bits. And to give you an example one data point as to how low we've gotten this. You take something like anime, which is superefficient from a coding perspective. We can now provide an amazing quality -- video quality experience on mobile for anime titles at 150 kilobits per second, which is practically unheard of previously. So we're super excited about pushing those numbers down and making that mobile experience is great as we can.
Doug Mitchelson: Since we brought up T-Mobile there's a lot of investor questions about the new distribution deal here in the United States with T-Mobile. If you could walk through the deal at all, again a bit of a jump at all, again a bit of jump all, but I think perhaps David and Spencer more on your court, and how are you going to measure ROI and the benefits of that relationship?
Reed Hastings: Sure. So I can jump in and David can fill out, but to sort of pull it back a little bit, Doug, our partnerships ultimately what we're trying to do is making Netflix easier for customers to sign up for and to access and to enjoy. So the T-Mobile partnership is an extension of that. Beyond that the economic arrangements we generally dont get into, we have a broadly speaking in our BD partnerships. There are marketing components and marketing benefits that we share. To the extend from a financial reporting perspective, those marketing costs are in our marketing expense line. To the extent that there is a billing relationship and the partner builds on our behalf. Those can processing costs are in our cost of revenues alongside our other payment processing expenses. And, Spencer, if I've forgotten the download of film whats my chance of streaming on airplanes and whats our progress on that front?
Spencer Wang: It's getting better, Reed. So we are partnering with airlines and we just recently announced at the Apex conference at the end of September that we will be leveraging all the great work that Greg's team has done where there is more efficient encodes and in early 2018 we will be opening those up to Airlines that partner with us. So that we can help them more efficiently use bandwidth in-flight and in that case we hope that airlines will begin to somewhat support and promote in-flight streaming which we think is a benefit for our mutual customers. It will hopefully delight passengers as they fly an experience on Netflix. And we think it's good for our brand and generally more engagement is good from attention from Netflix.
Doug Mitchelson: So what does the company have to do in the markets where it's still early-stage were Netflix penetration is still low beyond just localization and I would be curious if David in 2018 you add sort of a percentage of the addressable market that might be localized just to give investors some help on that end. What is Netflix have to do? Is it local programming from Ted, is it Greg continue to work on encoding and more efficient bit rates? Is it just waiting for the markets to develop?
David Wells: We are certainly not waiting for anything, Doug. We are aggressively moving on all those fronts of better streaming on the tech side, more relevant content. But, again, if you have been an investor in Netflix for a number years, you remember our launch in Latin America and how we built out state focused on Mexico and Brazil and we're doing the same thing in Asia. So we know how to run this play. There are specific lessons weve to learn about which content, how to get that developed, we're working on. But again the partnership model we've got that in every nation around the world, so I think we are making really good progress. It just going to take some time to iterate on the content as we did in Latin America five years ago.
Doug Mitchelson: Before I leave the product discussion, I did want to get in one more with Greg on AWS. Are you whetted to that platform? I think Google and Microsoft are trying to make strides?
Greg Peters: I would just say that AWS has been a great partner for us and we really have enjoyed using their infrastructure.
Doug Mitchelson: The -- thank you for the enlightenment. David, switching over to you, just on some of the key financial metrics, again just to reaffirm our earlier discussion any change to the outlook across margins, 40% by in the not-too-distant future, free cash flow, anything that you would like to update?
David Wells: Well, I think, one thing that of note is that 40% U.S contribution margin was our useful target, say a year to two years ago as we grew out U.S profitability and landed international losses. You fast-forward to that and we sort of approach that target three years early, we were able to turn international profitable which will stay profitable on a consolidated basis going forward. So we switch to global operating margin and we really are optimizing the business around global operating margin. So you'll see us shift some spending back and forth notably marketing. I think I've indicated in the past that U.S marketing has gone up on an absolute basis. As we see the benefits and we test around some of the more benefits of promoting our original content, I think you'll see that increase again in '18, and so we really are focused around growing operating margin. We're 7% this year, well on track and guiding to be on track for that, and continued growth forward and we will specify that in January. But we are able to grow from 4% to 7% this past year to give you some indication of that growth.
Doug Mitchelson: Do you have a sense as of now what the 2018 working capital burden might be for building out your original content slate? I think you got about $3 billion or so a year of revenue growth, Ted likes to spend an incremental billion at least in terms of amortization hitting the income statement it seems each year, and that gives investors $2 billion to play with and you obviously have other OpEx, but the big plot that -- the big -- the number that we have trouble calculating, of course is that working capital burden. Do you know at this point what the -- do you have a line of sight on that?
David Wells: Yes, I mean, we obviously have a much better idea given that we're three months away or two months away, 2.5 from next year. I would say without sort of backing us into a corner of giving you a specific number for next year, we are going to spend $7 billion to $8 billion on a P&L basis on content. And in the past the markup or the working capital ratio markup on content cash to P&L has been somewhere in that 1.4 to 1.5 range. This year it will be about 1.5. We really do enjoy the benefits of owned productions, and you are seeing us move more and more of our mix, our content mix to owned productions. So I think that 1.5 becomes around 1.55 again on average. So there is a lot of lumpiness in these numbers as things to shift around from quarter-to-quarter, but we know it's going to be higher and the $7 billion to $8 billion in content spend with a little bit of a markup in the ratio, the offset there is operating profit growth, but you guys run your models and I think that's giving you enough direction in terms of getting towards directionally where working capital and free cash flow goes next year.
Doug Mitchelson: The -- and the two dynamics you had in place is approaching about 50% original content by 2020 and to the extent the company grows faster than expected the content spending might also increase or those still in play?
David Wells: They are and I will just say to socialize that 50% or provide a little bit more context around it is becoming increasingly sort of -- to a Netflix subscriber when they see a Netflix brand on the piece of content that feels like an original. To us, we have sort of different sub classifications whether we own it and made it or we licensed it. At the end of the day to the consumer what's important is that it's exclusive and only on Netflix. But I would say that 50% number that we've talked about in the past that could be higher in the future you know as we accelerate more and more content development and as we like the benefits of owned production. But, Ted, I dont know if you have something different.
Ted Sarandos: No, I would say thats accurate and thats the trend for sure.
Doug Mitchelson: You know, Ted, I think as were talking about content spending that naturally makes me wonder what you're going to spend it on? Any update on sort of two categories. One, international. How that's doing in terms of creating more and more local content? How thats scaling? What kind of percentage of budget are we talking about now or in a few years, then similarly for movies?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I'd say on the international originals, we enjoy a lot of production efficiencies in producing outside of the United States. So we can produce in higher volume and bring kind of higher and higher production standards to those markets. So weve been really thrilled with our ability to do that. Greg mentioned earlier about anime just by way of example. Weve more than 30 and original anime projects in various states of production these days, so just kind of give you some sense of the scale and in the series work that we're doing is in the case of Italy is not a -- just a Suburra, it's not just a show youre going to see in Italy. It is a show that looks and feels very much like Narcos, like the House of Cards, like a big Global Original, just happens to be in Italian. So we're producing at larger and larger scale outside the United States, inside the United States, and the movie side we are going to -- we -- this past quarter we released 8 original films. We plan on about 80 coming up next year and they range anywhere from the million-dollar Sundance hit, all the way up to something on a much larger scale, like we are seeing on Bright, at the end of this year and Irishman that's a in production right now with Martin Scorsese that should be in early '19.
Doug Mitchelson: And that leads me to wonder about cost of content because you are scaling up the number of hours, the number of titles, at the same time we keep hearing about inflation certainly for the best content in Hollywood. Any sort of comments on the Shonda Rhimes deals specifically but more broadly is content cost inflation something that could become an issue for Netflix at some point?
David Wells: Yes, Im sorry, if Im broken record on this one, Doug, but I get asked this a lot and I feel Im going to say the same thing a lot which is that I compare it to a lot of professional sports where it gets very competitive for the handful of those superstars, but overall player personnel costs are pretty predictable. And I think this case it's been those big unicorn shows, the price of any one of them might go up in a more competitive market, but general content costs are quite predictable. So and we're like and the thing about Shonda Rhimes as you mentioned earlier is creating a place where she wants to create, where she knows that she could spread her wings a little wider, where she can get outside of the network box a little bit, had a lot more to do with her attractiveness to Netflix than we just had to outbid ABC. And I so I -- as we continue to attract world-class talent like that, that will also attract more world class talents like that.
Reed Hastings: And Doug, [technical difficulty] I would say from an investment perspective, hopefully what gives investors confidence is in terms of our ability to manage content cost inflation is if you look at the long-term trend in our business, weve grown the content budget, weve grown the content library, we made a better but revenues have come faster, which is whats driven the profit improvement and the margin improvement over the years.
David Wells: Thats what I was going to say. So we face this content cost escalation over the last three years or at least the speculation of it, so what Spencer said.
Doug Mitchelson: The -- one thing I find interesting sort of switching over to sports rights for a moment, was a question for Reed. So, I think I sort of know what the answer is going to be upfront, but I still wanted to position the question. So I want it -- I was hoping you would engage on it and that is that you just had Facebook bid $0.5 billion for multiyear digital rights for the IPL in India. Obviously, Amazon is on the air right now with Thursday Night Football here in the United States. I think this in anticipation by investors that there will be more and more bidding by video platforms on sports rights. And of course we all know that Netflix has indicated in the past that its sort of not right for you, but it reminds me a little bit of when you were switching from DVDs to streaming that you really sort of waited back not obviously so much in the weeds, but for the marketplace to evolve to the point where it was the right time for you to pursue it. So Im trying to understand just what the trigger points are for Netflix as it looks longer term at sports content?
Reed Hastings: Well, I have to see over the next 10 years, Doug, what those trigger points might be hypothetically at some point in the near-term. We have so much going on in the global expansion of movies, unscripted, series, documentaries, we're just running a 100 miles an hour doing our thing around the world. And so nothing to really talk about that's interesting in the near-term.
Doug Mitchelson: The other question that we end up asking a lot, but we still want to do it, Amazon is likely to launch some sort of ad product in the first half of next year, thats not clear if it's pre-roll or post-roll or banners or sponsorships or what have you, in my understanding is theyre still trying to figure it out and given that you have emerging markets that perhaps require a lower price points than the developed world. Any updated thoughts on pursuing advertising at some point?
Reed Hastings: You know often the right strategy for a challenger brand which is Amazon in the case of streaming video is to try many things, because they're not sure, just copying Netflix is not going to typically get someone very far. The leaders role is to really as the famous phrases to keep the main thing the main thing. And so our focus is not expanding in new ads at all. Our focus is on doing even better content, getting better partnerships, better mobile streaming. We just have to have the discipline to keep doing what we're doing at many times the scale, and if we do that things will work out really well for our global customer base and thus for our investors. And Doug, I think weve time for one last question.
Doug Mitchelson: The --well, it was interesting because I had two that I was going to go with, so for Reed, Im going to let you try and divide between the two of them. And one was, I was curious, I think the investors are really focusing on competition and access to content these days as the market really evolves. And so one was, I was sort of curious if you would wrap up with the sustainable competitive advantages for Netflix. And I think, separately I was going to ask a regulation question Reed and that is that when you look at sort of content overseas and local quotas when you think about what some of your peers are going through around scale issues, is there anything on the regulatory side regarding those two specific issues that Netflix is focused on right now?
Reed Hastings: Well, Doug, very good about staying in character. We've all got our Stranger Things sweaters on because we're celebrating both the amazing content that's coming in 10 days or so, and also targets a great promotional strategy, were learning how to do merchandising, we've got some amazing displays and amazing materials out at target. And Ted, do you want to tell us a little bit about Stranger Things?
Ted Sarandos: Well, October 27 we will be releasing the new Season of Stranger Things, that gives you -- answers the question how are you spending your Halloween. And if you -- you too can get one of these ugly sweaters from Target for your next Christmas ugly sweater party, but it really celebrates the spirit of the show in a great way and we are -- we can't wait for this show to come out, which is not only an enormous hit in the United States, but it is equally international across with our membership base. So we are thrilled for Stranger Things coming this month.
Doug Mitchelson: And, Greg, what are we doing on product to support Stranger Things?
Greg Peters: We are doing an amazing job of taking over big parts to the site to basically connect our members with this great show and show off how incredible content it is. And Doug to answer your question on scale, I'm sure others are figuring things out. What we're continuing to do is work with Amazon as well as investing in open connect and being able to handle all of the growth that we anticipate. And we've had a pretty good track record of that for the last 10 years. So I wouldnt worry about that particularly.
Spencer Wang: Thank you everyone for joining us on the call and look forward to talking to you more over the quarter.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-18 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO David Wells - CFO Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q2 2017 Earnings Call. Im David Wells, CFO. Im joined today on the company side by Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will be Doug Mitchelson from UBS. Were going to try something a little different and have one interviewer just for a little bit more continuity. Then I think Doug will have our first question being our only interviewer.  Before we get started, we will be making forward-looking statements, so actual results may vary. Doug, over to you for our first question.
Q - Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much, David. I wanted to start simply by asking if there is anything notable in the quarter? For you, Reed, you talked about Netflix being a learning machine. Anything that youve learned that you want to share with us from the past three months?
Reed Hastings: I mean anything notable beyond 5 million net adds in Q2; all-time record for Q2s, up sequentially from Q1,do you mean notable beyond that. I think were just seeing that the rewards of doing great content focused on the quality of the service are paying off.
Doug Mitchelson: I think Ill run through some of the quotes that you guys have on the letter this quarter, and one of first things that caught my eye was Due to our amazing content, so Ted did you put that word amazing in there, any update you can give us on thoughts around how content influenced the quarter?
Ted Sarandos: I think it was the combination of a lot of great things. 13 Reasons Why, started right at the end of the quarter, rolled into some of our biggest content brands; new seasons of House of Cards, Orange Is the New Black; ending the quarter with Okja. So just I think it was the combination of a lot of different things, kind of a reinforcement that as long as we are programming to a wide variety of tastes and keep the quality level high that we can turn some success off of that.
Doug Mitchelson: And I think congratulations on all the Emmy nominations to the company and to you specifically, Ted [indiscernible].
Ted Sarandos: Thank you. Thats definitely a team effort beyond my own content team, the marketing and PR groups and everyone who kind of makes that happen. Its hard to forget that it is a race, so its a big campaign that attaches to that stuff too, but 91 nominations is an all-time record for us and were thrilled.
Doug Mitchelson: Continuing on the letter a little bit, David, for you. You note that our 3Q guidance assumes much of your Q2 momentum will continue. You say youre cognizant of the lessons in the prior quarters where you forecasted lumpiness in net adds. So should we take this to mean that the third quarter includes that youre cognizant of prior quarter?
David Wells: Well, I think back to your earlier question about what lessons into the last 90 days have held for us and one of them is our business is a little bit tough to predict given the success of content and the popularity of content. We still think the major driver is adoption of Internet television. But on top of that were increasingly growing throughout the world, so were getting more word of mouth on our newer territories and were seeing great content slates have an effect like they did in the second quarter. So I think you can take that line to mean that our forward guidance assumes continued good trends and continued great trends. But were a little bit cognizant of other quarters where weve either under or over forecasted because some of that demand was pulled forward by a great content slate. In this case, in the second quarter we had a really strong content slate.
Doug Mitchelson: And continuing on with you, David, at some point ahead of expectations when you talked in the letter about margins being on track for full year 7%, would that suggest that with subs, and therefore likely the revenue coming better than expected, youre choosing to invest more and maintain that margin target?
David Wells: Yes. So we had a 9% margin in the first quarter and we had a lot of content come on in this quarter, so we got it down to 5%. So on the first six months, were running right on our target of 7% and our guide is right on 7%. So you can take from that that were going to reinvest and plough back in the business sort of any over forecasted growth that we have on the top line.
Doug Mitchelson: And David, one more for you. You call un-grandfathering impact in the fourth quarter, I think you had some price increase sort of  perhaps that was back in Q2, and I am un-grandfathering again in 4Q, is there any sizing you can give investors around the pricing strategy issues that impacted, specifically specifically 3Q, but the year as well if you're --??
David Wells: Well, I think last year what we found was because of the PR and the news around the price change in the second quarter, which actually didnt happen or un-grandfathering until the third and fourth quarter, we had a real blended effect through the year. So its hard to tease out exactly which quarter we saw effects on both acquisition or retention. We do know that the comping off of last year we think well have less noise this year, I think thats pretty clear. So I would say it was a median in terms of size and impact on the business from last year.
Doug Mitchelson: Over to Reed. Reed, Im sure youd tell me based on the results you just reported, you did well anywhere, but particularly it looks like Europe is really getting critical mass, and every country in Europe is different. So I thought Id sort of try to screen [ph] on Germany as an example, and particularly I think Germany is sort of a tough market for the U.S. companies, consumers over there dont like to pay for TV, they dont watch as much TV. Obviously, English is not their local language. Amazon was there first as well, so theres a competitive dynamic. Based it looks  based on our tracking, you are actually surpassing Amazon, at least with app downloads if not subs, is that -- are you at the point where you are taking the leadership in Germany  can you talk a little bit about what youve done right and what youre doing right that has caused that market to be able to develop?
Reed Hastings: Doug, Amazon is super successful around the world if you look at U.S. with Prime, incredibly successful. It just doesnt seem to take away from us, so I wouldnt characterize it as us versus Amazon in Germany. I would really characterize it as can we have a service thats so great that Germans find it worthwhile paying for. And clearly were succeeding at that making our service better and better. In particular, theres no advertisements on Netflix, and so its great for kids, its great for teens. And then the great content is so significant in helping the growth that youre picking up. But as you suggested, were really seeing that around the world, whether its Brazil or Argentina or Japan, Singapore, or Germany, Internet TV is really catching on for us, for YouTube, for others.
Doug Mitchelson: And I guess what Im trying to get to, Reed, is you launch two and a half years ago, and I think when you launched, you grew parallel to Latin America and that it will take some time, but youd figure the markets in Europe out and eventually youre going to have similar levels of success. Do those parallels still hold, and can we look forward to the Europe where there is fits and starts in terms of progress? but if you really hit the point where you reach escape velocity, do you think those markets to be strong markets going forward?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think all throughout the West; so Latin America, North America, and Europe, were doing very well. We just got to continue what were doing, more local productions. Weve got some amazing new shows were producing in Europe and in Latin America. With Asia, weve got a lot more to learn. Were really expanding a lot in India, Japan. Were figuring it out market by market. But Asia is very unique and very large. So we see a huge opportunity for us over the next couple of years, all of us spending more time there and investing more.
Doug Mitchelson: Reed, continuing along that line because Asia is so diverse and and you think about Korea, Japan, Thailand, India, theyre all very different markets. How do you prioritize your investments in Asia?
Reed Hastings: We look at market size, we look at growth of Internet, kind of all the factors that weve always looked at around the world. And so then were able to prioritize in what were doing. And we saw some great success, for example, this quarter with Okja. And maybe, Ted, you want to describe a little bit on that.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, Okja is directed by Bong Joon-Ho who is the most celebrated director in Korea and is a huge star and an attraction in and of himself, but also the movie itself is one of the most ambitious productions in history of Korea. His films tend to travel around the world pretty well. It made a ton of noise at the Cannes Film Festival. It was the most talked about film at the festival. So it helped in attracting new subscribers also, but it also brings a brand halo to Netflix that its a place for great content worth paying for. And I think we saw some of that benefit throughout Europe and in pockets of Asia where we saw big sign-ups in Korea, but remember for most people, theyve learned about Netflix for the first time when Okja was coming out in Korea. So relative to the rest of the world, weve got a lot of work to do. But it was a great introduction to Netflix for a lot of the world.
Doug Mitchelson: And so in carrying that forward that Reed just mentioned, more local content particularly in --?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, and even more so Doug, think about local content for global audiences. So the idea  thats a fantastic story that we make a Korean movie for Korea, but its even a bigger story that the movie is getting watched by millions all around the world.
Doug Mitchelson: So, Ted, can you talk a little bit about how youre expanding [indiscernible] target overseas, the size of the team and is there capacity growth, is there growth in percentage of budget being allocated to --?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, as Reed mentioned, matching the program into local taste is really the key and weve seen it in our expansion through Latin America, our expansion into Europe. And as we look to Asia, we have to get better and better matching those tastes. And those tastes are not as easily aligned with Western tastes. So well invest more time and energy in Asia putting some people on the ground in Asia that we havent historically, but well within how weve looked at the size of the teams generally but locating them more likely outside of the U.S. as we continue to grow for local audiences in Asia and throughout the rest of Europe.
Reed Hastings: Doug, just to round out Teds answer, all those things that you mentioned are involved in that. So its growth of the acquisition and development teams, its also budget. We already had in place growth in budget in many of these territories whos just trying to deploy that more efficiently. In some cases, its adding on to the levels of investment. You ask about how we prioritize? Generally, when we see success, we try to add on to that until we reach a point of diminishing returns. And so, if were going to see success in some markets, we may up the content budget in those markets.
Doug Mitchelson: It all makes sense. Reed, over to you, since I think we are on Asia, if you think about emerging markets broadly, theres certainly a lot of mobile. And Im curious if you can give us an update on the implication for strategy and efforts that you have underway, and if you could talk about the --?
Reed Hastings: Absolutely, Doug. Weve had great success on mobile in the developed markets like the U.S. and Europe and then throughout Latin America, and now and Asia. And all of the Netflix service works extremely well on mobile. Were continuing to get better and better at encoding efficiently our films and TV series so that it takes less and less network bandwidth and were rising in popularity around the world, and thats paralleling the improvements that YouTube and others are doing to make video a natural part of mobile phones, and so thats just a continued evolution.
Doug Mitchelson: Are mobile Netflix products a different product than were used to right now?
Reed Hastings: No, mobiles just a 4- or 5-inch screen for us with a great touch interface, and its very similar to what you see on an iPad to the television. So think of it as theres just many screens that you can enjoy Netflix on.
Doug Mitchelson: When I think about [indiscernible]
Reed Hastings: Im afraid, Doug, I cant hear you anymore. There seems to be some AV problem.
Doug Mitchelson: Can you hear me now?
Reed Hastings: Barely. You may need to shout.
Doug Mitchelson: So for Reed or David, as you consider emerging markets again broadly, is there a capacity to mass market the product without having the need to lower price point?
Reed Hastings: Well see. Weve been very successful getting to beginnings of a mass model product in Latin America where youve got a lot of fairly developed economies. Well see in Asia what we can do with that. But for the first couple years, its focused on more high-end, Western-oriented elites. And then as we grow into that, we can think about expanding beyond that.
Doug Mitchelson: Ted, back over to you. At the beginning of the year, you talked about having a strong second half content slate. Do you feel that the content slate is settling now to where you thought, and and there is a strong second half --?
Reed Hastings: Is there any way you can see what the --?
Ted Sarandos: Theres a lot to be really excited about in the second half in terms of our content releases. Starting as early as next week, we have a great show called Ozark starring Jason Bateman that were really excited to launch. And then in August, we have the release of Death Note, a great new film that were going to panel at Comic-Con this next. And also in August, The Defenders, which brings together all of the characters from Marvels Defenders; Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, Daredevil, and Iron Fist for an incredible season that people are really excited about. And of course throughout the year, we have things that will lead up to Bright at the end of the year which is a huge film with Will Smith that will be only available on Netflix that were incredibly excited about.
Doug Mitchelson: Ted, what do you think Reed means when he says he wants you to be able to cancel more shows?
Ted Sarandos: Look, I think I mentioned before that in this universe we look at a lot of things like failure is not such a bad thing and if youre not failing maybe youre not trying hard enough. So when we have a good hit rate and even with the recent cancelations, 93% of our shows have been renewed. So you want to be introspective and look at that and say, are we being adventurous enough, Daredevil, were trying new things. And I think when you think of things  when you have a very high hit ratio, you definitely want to keep second guessing yourself even though you do.
Doug Mitchelson: David, when we think about potential for more and more original shows being produced, therefore, likely more and more cancelations over time, any impact on the financials that we should think about? And separately and importantly, is the viewing that you are expecting, whether its license content or original content, whether its movies that you are putting out consistent with the amortization schedule that you have in place?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, and I think what youve raised is a good point which is the more shows we add, the more likely in absolute numbers that youll see cancelations of course. But thats only novel Netflix and its still novel because you see on network television about two-thirds  about a third of the content gets cut in the first season versus our content which is mostly renewed. And its not because were less careful about it, its because we can more efficiently build it and not a 100% of the time. So we want to launch shows. We love when theres a deep passion fan base for a show. We just need it to be big enough to support the economics of that show so we dont create opportunity cost for future fans of new shows.
David Wells: Doug, just to take the sort of accounting oriented part of that question, I would say no. We dont anticipate right now. We look at this constantly. Every quarter, we look at the trends. Many of these shows, even if theyre not picked up for a renewal, they may have a story arc that completes the narrative. And so, it really is for us is about the sort of continuity of viewing over the life of the show. So even if some of that viewing is concentrated as our amortization methodology reflects upfront in the sort of first release, the first month of release of that content on the site, it may have sort of steady viewing over the life. And if it does, then its going to be sort of reflective of those trends. If its really concentrated, then yes sure we would have to reflect that. But many of the non renewals get wrapped up. Bloodline is an example, something that we got wrapped up in a narrative. Were going to do a movie wrap up on Sense8. And so I think overall, youll see us try to wrap the narratives on these.
Doug Mitchelson: And I have some questions on content. I wanted to set it up Reed with a question for you. In the past, weve gotten parallels between Netflix and HBO, and that implies Netflix is a TV network. I think even the letter this quarter, it talked about that, TV network [indiscernible] At the same time, you've expanded to the unscripted movies, original TV, and is Netflix instead more of a Comcast-type version of Internet TV or should we think about it as an Internet-TV network?
Reed Hastings: I think about it more like a super network. Were talking about addressing content desires and needs across the board, as you mentioned unscripted, but also kids and films. This year, the Emmy is just as an example. We have five different series nominated for Best Comedy or Drama. We also have two documentary series nominated for Best Documentary Series, two documentary films nominated for Best Documentary Films. We won 10 daytime Emmys for our kids programming. So we are doing across the board programming, not programming for one niche which networks tend to do.
Doug Mitchelson: And then for Reed, just a question on content spending, how do you decide how much you allow [indiscernible]  how do we measure sort of aggregate value the customers want any one piece of content becoming less and less important as you grow your body of original content?
Reed Hastings: Well, every piece of content that we do is important, and we try to have that content flourish around the world, but in terms of the overall investment levels, were continuing to see increased median viewing compared to a year ago, two years ago, three years ago as were winning a few more of the moments of truth of what you do to relax. But still were such a small player in our viewing compared to linear TV, compared to YouTube. So weve got a long way to go to have more and more content to please more and more members and continue to grow. And what you see us doing as we grow is also improving our margins, so were getting some efficiency out of that as opposed to spending every dollar in the content. But we are growing the content budget significantly also because of the opportunity that we see.
Doug Mitchelson: Ted, back to you in terms of strategy for how youre producing content. When you think about the fact that Netflix now can self produce titles, you can license exclusive originals from Hollywood Studios, you can license third-party  you can license reruns, where do you see the race will turn at this point in time, and how do you see others responding to your strategy of self producing a few shows?
Ted Sarandos: The success weve had with our self produced shows has given us a lot more confidence to expand it. Because were a global network, those rights are really important in terms of being able to control our destiny, when we can make shows available, and what formats to make them available. And beyond that, theres an economic tradeoff which is theres a big studio margin that were able to put on the screen and make better shows when we produce it ourselves. So a show like Stranger Things, when it becomes a big cultural phenomena, wed like to be able to control the destiny of those brands as we continue to invest in them. But at the same time we want to lean on putting the best programming possible on the air. So not being dogmatic about which shows we pick depending on their business model but being really careful about picking shows that are great regardless of their business model, but youll see us do a lot more of self producing whenever we can.
Doug Mitchelson: And so last question in the series on content, Ted, Ill probably end up asking this every quarter forever. But any issues on  with your positive content for access to the best shows with more and more players, obviously Apple hired two Sony executives; Facebook announced theyre buying some original content, others continue to expand. Youre certainly competing very well and the Emmys are sort of proof of the quality of content. But on the margin, do you cost-wise, more than you would like, some projects go to others that you prefer you have yourself?
Ted Sarandos: I think Internet television is an enormous space and theres going to be lots of competition. And as they come in, theyre going to bid up the cost of the best stuff which is great. Its great for consumers, because more things get made. And its great for creators because theyre more buyers at the table. So we expect the content cost to go up on the top premium things, but I think, as I said, I think thats a good result for everybody.
Reed Hastings: And that of course brings in new capacity like you saw Headlines Today that Liberty Global and TPG were forming a new television studio to produce shows for all this new market. So as the prices go up, theres more capacity because theres very large numbers of writers out there.
Doug Mitchelson: In the letter, it talks pretty exclusively about expanding distribution relationships whether it is a content provider, its a pay-per-view provider, bundling in Netflix service and I guess two questions there. Reed, for you first. What about the reverse? Do you see Netflix as a platform that can bundle other video services and sell that on profit and make a margin. And second as part of that, any specifics behind the point made in the letter that you expect to really expand these efforts?
Reed Hastings: There are several companies who are selling networks on top of their platform. So Hulu is doing that, Amazon is doing that. We dont see that as a business direction for us. Were really focused on making our network as great as it possibly can be. And then as you point out, were now looking at proposals for including Netflix and some services and beginning to learn the bundling part of the business. Were doing a little bit of that in Europe already and its been quite successful. Thus were interested in expanding that.
Doug Mitchelson: And shifting over to David and ASP. I think in the past youve talked about mid-single digit being a good aspirational point to consider. And when you look at the tiers that you have, it seems like the base tier is relatively high in place to the middle tier and the upper tier. I wanted to deal with that into -- are there other ways to differentiate those tiers to create more value and have that be an even bigger part of ASP growth in the future?
David Wells: Doug, Im not sure I heard the first part of your question on ASP, so just repeat that first part.
Doug Mitchelson: So for ASPs, I think in the past you have said that mid-single digit growth longer term is the right way for investors to think about Netflixs pricing potential.
David Wells: Thats correct. So if youre just looking for clarity there, yes. Thats an easy answer.
Doug Mitchelson: And when we think about the tiers that you currently have in place, the midsized tier and the higher price tier feel like theyre relatively close in price to the base tier. Is there other ways that youre considering to add value to the higher-priced tiers to have tiering up be an increasing part of that ASP growth?
David Wells: I dont think so. Right now, I would say we do see success with people taking the upper tier with just the differentiation of concurrent streams and high definition. We dont think necessarily that we need to add more value. We have the flexibility to add more value in terms of that tier differentiation. But honestly, we think theres progressive growth just from thinking about differentiating those tiers on price point a little more in terms of middle and upper. And then in terms of an expectation of ASP growth, thats reasonable in terms of what you outlined. We are lapping the un-grandfathering of last year, so you are seeing sort of revenue on a year-over-year basis or ASP on a year-over-year basis start to reflect that lapping of a large pool of un-grandfathers coming on.
Reed Hastings: Doug, were super proud that weve been able to maintain this $8 access point in the U.S. or 8 in Europe which weve had in place since 2010. So all of this decade, Netflix has been available for $8. And when you think about that content increase over the last seven years, its phenomenal and its still $8 a month at the base level. And were getting the ASP growth as people optionally select to get HD and ultra-HD which are amazing new formats that have come on, but again a key part of the successful strategy is that were staying very, very affordable for people.
Doug Mitchelson: Yes, its interesting because you mentioned sort of growth in content and the service, Reed, and you mentioned that the median time spent has been increasing. Are newer customers that are coming on the service this year behaving similar to new customers two years ago or four years ago or --?
Reed Hastings: Similar and better. Theyre watching more. More engaged. Again, thats a combination of the user interface, the algorithms, or the personalization and of course the content itself. And so its very exciting that weve been able to see even higher engagement with members now compared to last year and the prior years.
Doug Mitchelson: David, I wanted to circle back on churn. You talked about the un-grandfathering churn. Im just curious if you could sort of help investors understand how churn has evolved over time? And do you see meaningful opportunities to improve churn from here and what specifically those opportunities might be?
David Wells: Well, we generally talk about net additions just because of fluidity of somebody coming back on the service. Its hard to parse the two pieces. Ive made comments in the past that generally year-over-year, churn has improved as we improve the service, as we add more content, as subscribers age up. But more and more as our word of mouth and as we penetrate close to 50% in the U.S. today, those lines are fairly indistinct in terms of user rejoin or not and somebody may have been a member of the service 12, 14, 18 months ago. So I would say in answering the spirit of the question, we continue to improve the quality of the service with more content, with a better interface, all the things that Reed just talked about in terms of driving value to the middle and upper tier to have people chose and electively chose a more robust service. Id say that continues. And then outside the U.S. as we age, we usually  the pattern there is to improve the quality of the library, we better match the taste and that includes both Western content for that local audience and a little bit of local content as well that Ted talked about earlier, so we expect to improve churn outside the U.S. as we get better and better in these markets.
Doug Mitchelson: Sticking with you, David, on the margin side, youve in the last letter and this letter have talked about a 7% margin target this year and modest expansion thereafter, care to help investors out at all in terms of understanding what that pace of margin expansion might be relatively to investment opportunities that you have?
David Wells: Were focused on making the 7% this year. We know that well clarify that towards October. But we want to balance both growth of the business and reinvestment back in the business given that were seeing some great returns on that content given the growth that we experienced this last quarter with sort of a disciplined growth of profit. We also know that you cant just hockey stick it in three to five years and expect the business to be in the right place. So I think its a bit of a balance and right now that 7% with sort of consistent and deliberate growth after that is the right guidance for our investors.
Reed Hastings: Doug, if you remember last year, we were at 4%. So you might be able to apply something there.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you, Reed. I appreciate that. What would be helpful as well sort of reading the details a little bit out of David is can you frame a margin progression in terms of where the leverage comes in the cost structure? Is it content side, the marketing side, G&A, tech and dev? Where should we see the most leverage in the cost structure over time?
David Wells: Well, to-date, its really just been about as we expand globally and people watch a lot of the same content, Ted talked about the cost pressures in terms of as more people pile in at the top end of the market on the unit cost of content costs, but weve been able to grow even faster than that. So were able to expand both our content spending and our margin at the same time because were growing faster than that content. And we expect that to continue forward for the foreseeable future. We are leveraging marketing. Were spending more on an absolute basis on marketing as we become more and more of a media company. But on a percent of revenue basis, were leveraging there. And G&A and tech and dev has kind of run a little bit in line with revenue as we expand internationally and as we become more of a full-fledged studio and a bigger, and at-scale studio. So its pressured there in terms of adding people, but I do anticipate the ability to leverage some of that down the road.
Doug Mitchelson: The cash flow burn is certainly an interesting comment, and you mentioned it last quarter in the letter, you mentioned it this quarter in the letter. I think similar to margins, investors are trying to read between the lines, understand how free cash flow burn might progress over the next few years. First, I think  actually for you, Reed, why the comfort level with this level of negative free cash flow. And David, any sense you can give investors as to carry forward at these elevated levels, does it get better but take a while to get to breakeven, any help would be appreicated?
Reed Hastings: Look, when we produce an amazing show like Stranger Things, thats a lot of capital upfront, and then you get a payout over many years. And seeing the positive returns on that for the business as a whole is what makes us comfortable that we should continue to invest and integrate to basically self develop many more properties as Ted can find the appropriate ones. And then theres comfort with being able to finance it and of course our debt to market cap is incredibly low and conservative, so weve got lots of room there. And I think that combination that its spent well and we can raise it is what makes us very excited. And the irony is the faster that we grow and the faster we grow, the owned originals, the more drawn on free cash flow that will be. So in some senses that negative free cash flow will be an indicator of enormous success.
David Wells: And then to annotate your second part of your question, like Reed said, this is a success scenario in a sense of as we scale and if were scaling faster, were going to reinvest part of that back into the content and that has implications on the cash side. So for us, as weve seen success with both the popularity of our owned originals, weve expanded into other content verticals. And as we scale faster, as we grow faster globally, that has implications. That said, we gave you an indication of around 2 billion this time. Weve updated that to be between 2 billion and 2.5 billion. So you can think about that as a 10% to 15%. When you put that in line and compare that with our subscriber growth on the top line and you kind of get some indication that were still being very disciplined about the efficiency of our content cohort investments and were looking at how those shows perform over time, but if we have a bigger prize and if we see a bigger prize with the gross of the growth , thats going to have some implication on the cash flow side.
Doug Mitchelson: A couple more for Ted and then I think well wrap up with Reed. Ted, one question I get a lot is investments in new movies. I think part of it is, with the TV series, its a brand that goes forward, year after year of episodes versus one time for film and some could be very expensive as well and with the [indiscernible] approach. I think in the letter you talked about you believe Internet TV can reinvigorate the film business. So one, talk on your film strategy at this point; and two, any thoughts behind the statement in the letter would be helpful?
Ted Sarandos: Well, look, were doing a lot in the film space for a lot of the same reasons were doing it in the television space, which is access to great content when consumers want it around the world. So we think its a good investment. Were trying a lot of different things. Some of them work out great. Some of them work out not so great and weve learned from every single one of them. So were going to continue to invest in that space because we can bring films to our members when they want them, which is when the world is talking about them. And thats almost impossible to do with a studio partner. So thats why were pushing down that road. I think that in success, our films will be able to attract subscribers and retain subscribers the way our series have and thats why were working so hard at it.
Doug Mitchelson: Another question I get I think is just so noticeable is the investment you made in comedy and youve talked a bit about that last quarter, Ted. But is there something behind that strategy in terms of forming also relationships with comedians that also might be actors in TV shows, movies, or is it simply ROI, so you keep investing more?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, the category is remarkably efficient even at the premiums that youd have to pay to get the superstar talent attached to them because it gets a big audience. They can watch like movies and just think about it that the main cost of them is the talent themselves versus the cost of production. And its been also a great way to invest in content partners because like Chris Rock by way of example whos getting ready to shoot his special for Netflix, he is right now starring in the next Adam Sandler movie thats being shot right now in New York. So were really excited about being able to work with great talent like Aziz Ansari, like we do with Chelsea across the entire platform whenever we can.
Doug Mitchelson: And shifting over to Reed, Ive noticed in the letter it said over 1 billion hours a week of viewing on the Netflix platform. Is that 1.1 billion or 1.2 billion?
Reed Hastings: And climbing. Thats what were working on.
Doug Mitchelson: All right. I think I want to wrap up with a couple of questions, first regulatory. Reed, I think youve already expressed your opinion quite clearly on net neutrality. But more broadly if you look at the regulatory environment globally, particularly in Europe, there appears to be an environment that is a challenge for American companies and certainly Google and Facebook. Whats your approach to the regulatory environment given these challenges?
Reed Hastings: Well, first on net neutrality, the recent effort that we participated in generated over 3 million additional comments to the FCC demanding that the net neutrality rules stay in place bringing the total to over 8 million comments. So certainly we, other companies, the public have weighed in heavily. Well see where that goes. When you look at Europe, were making big investments in local content, local productions, working well with local content companies. And so, I think it will be a really different dynamic or we hope so with Netflix than maybe with other firms, because just of the business structure. Were able to take some great French and German and other content, Spanish, this quarter and share it around the world and that creates big new markets. So think of us much more as trying to curate some of the worlds best content and share it with the world versus the moniker of being a disruptive tech company.
Doug Mitchelson: And the last question for me, youre talking a lot about the shift from linear TV to on-demand viewing. Its something that you talk a lot about, Reed, and you talk about how much video time and how many Internet TV services youll be successful. And while thats all well and good, I imagine that Netflix will have to continue to be the leader in this category. So this final question is, Reed, how does Netflix sustain and expand its leadership position? Because while the market opportunity might be big, Im sure you are busy executing every day?
Reed Hastings: More watching, less sleep.
Doug Mitchelson: And what are you doing and what is Netflix specifically doing to make sure that Netflix needs that more watching, less sleep charge?
Reed Hastings: Well, again, Im not sure we are leading it when you look how far ahead YouTube is. Now you might say, well, its different content but its still very engaging for the audience thats choosing it. Were not really focused on like whos ahead in certain things. What we focus on is doing our best work. And Ted runs a lot of that with the content. Were doing amazing work on product, making it easy to use, fast and then finally all these distribution agreements and marketing were doing. So were just improving around the whole company, growing what we have and were very excited about what weve accomplished. But whats ahead is also super exciting.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you all very much.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Doug.
David Wells: Thanks, Doug.
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Doug.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-17 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Founder and Chief Executive Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus & Company
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q1 2017 Earnings Interview. Im David Wells, CFO. Im Joined today on the company side by Reed Hastings, our CEO and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will be Doug Mitchelson from UBS and Scott Devitt from Stifel Nicolaus. We will be making forward-looking statements, actual results may vary. Doug, I think you have the first question, so over to Doug.
Q - Doug Mitchelson: Thanks so much. Actually, first question for you, David, and then one for Reed. David, could you just talk a little bit about the net add results in the quarter versus expectations, and any dynamics underline the second quarter guidance that you want investors to know about?
David Wells: Well, I think whats written in the letter and what Ill reiterate is that, were not spending too much time understanding any particular quarter. We were with under 100,000 in the U.S. under a couple of 100,000 in the international versus our expectation. We had a particularly back-weighted first quarter, which were - we dont usually have, but that explains some of the sort of net adds guidance versus actuals as well, and we have a pretty strong guide for Q1. So I think looking at our Q4, which is one of our strongest quarters ever and a pretty strong Q2 guide, we sort of look across that like we put in the letter and say, were still on a great growth path, and our content is working. And were pleased with the international growth and weve got a lot of growth left in the U.S. as well.
Doug Mitchelson: I mean, is there anything you would highlight in the second quarter in terms of an easy comparison. Last year, you talked about price increase buzz in the press, having a negative impact on U.S. dynamics, the content slate, anything you highlight driving the result?
David Wells: Well, the obvious one to talk about in total, talk about in more detail is the content slate. We talked in our dissent - in the January letter about House of Cards pushing into the second quarter. Weve got a particularly full slate in Q2, which relative to Q1 is a little heavier, and then thats comping off of last years Q1, we had a pretty strong Q1 as well. So I think that sort of explains some of it on the margin. But I think the background trend is just a very strong adoption of Internet streaming. So again, if you look across 12 months trend, we still got a lot of great growth. Were growing well on track in international. Were continuing to growing in the U.S. And quarter-to-quarter, youll see some fluctuations and some of that is explained by the content slate.
Doug Mitchelson: And Reed, upfront I want to turn to you at a high-level. I think you mentioned in the letter about to cross the 100 million subscribers mark, youre about a decade into this. And I think in the last quarters letter, you talked about the next 10 years being tumultuous. And I was hoping youd talk a little bit about what you meant by using that word in particular, and what are the challenges and opportunities as you look out over the next decade and target that next 100 million subscribers?
Reed Hastings: Well, Im - were super excited expecting to cross 100 million this weekend, thats a big accomplishment. But its really just the beginning. When you look at YouTube having a billion active users and a billion hours every day. When you look at Facebooks, multi-billion numbers. We see that the Internet is just a phenomenal opportunity, of course, were pay service, not ad supported. Were not as deep in international as those companies. But we definitely see a big opportunity around the world to just continue to do what weve been doing, which is make fantastic content, get people really excited about that content, and then were just continuing to grow.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thanks.
Scott Devitt: And just continuing on the roll of content, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit more about the way that content releases do impact seasonality of the business, and as well new releases of new shows, say a Dave Chappelles show relative to say Season 5 of the House of Cards and the different impacts on gross and net subs? Thanks.
Ted Sarandos: Scott, I would just say, weve said previously that subsequent seasons of shows that have a big audience that are very popular tend to have more impact on the business than introducing brand new IP. So thats why in the second quarter youre seeing new seasons of some of our most popular and most acclaimed shows like House of Cards, Orange is the new Black, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Bloodline, Master of None. And in the first quarter, it was pretty heavy on new IP, but were super pleased to have such a big breakout on 13 Reasons why we just came on the last day of the quarter as well as Santa Clarita Diet, A Series of Unfortunate Events, Iron Fist, first season shows, and then something like Dave Chappelle comes along and its in its own class in terms of excitement for consumers in viewing and excitement around Netflix and now were looking for David - a third special from David next year.
Reed Hastings: And since then you can think of that content is making a little trickier to do the quarterly forecasting. But for the first-half of this year, were about 8.25 million net adds, which is what we were last year. So again, it moves itself around levels out. So I wouldnt get too focused on predicting each quarter by the content. Were continuing to learn on that. But mostly, were just trying to do better and better shows that are more and more popular.
Scott Devitt: And then as it relates to the international business, you noted some markets that are doing extremely well outside the U.S. and other markets that are still progressing. Can you talk about particularly in some of the larger markets where you feel like youre underpenetrated where the largest sources of friction are increasing the subscriber base in those markets?
David Wells: So I would say Ill pitch it to Reed afterward. Its not necessarily a source of friction. I mean, we were pretty careful about not talking about specifics by market for competitive reasons. But we have said that, we experience a wide variety of adoption curves in different markets. Weve seen some markets come out of the gate really fast. We some - weve seen some that have grown slowly and that really caught up and seen a great acceleration. So I would say, each market is different. Each one seems to have a different word-of-mouth, adoption pattern. But increasingly whats new for us is that, were more and more global. And the more that we can release these shows that have wide global appeal, were getting sort of the benefit of that wide global word-of-mouth and the network effect of that that great scale, I mean, growing to 100 million and beyond. Global subscribers is really going to benefit us in having these shows that travel across multiple markets. So I think, were not particularly focused on any one challenge in the larger markets, I think its about continuing to make payments available, continuing to improve the product, continuing to improve the continent in that market with our global originals being the largest part of that. And then Reed, I dont know, if you want to tack on anything there.
Reed Hastings: Yes, Scott, as you might remember, first, couple of years in Brazil, we were struggling with number of the aspects in particular getting the right content, where our service was getting watched a lot. I think its pretty parallel to that and of course, not every market is the same as Brazil, we have to learn market by market. But its nothing thats very concerning to us. Its just a note that in three of the regions LATAM, Europe and North America, weve got the formula were executing down. And in Asia, Middle East and Africa, we still got a bunch of work to do, particularly around getting enough of the right content that people want to view that we get our viewing hours higher and higher.
Scott Devitt: And just a follow on to the international topic. There have been several markets where youve launched non-U.S. originals. And I was interested in terms of the difficulties or ease with which youre having in finding talent in those markets? And then secondly, in those markets in which youre launching originals, the benefit in terms of the halo effect of the other markets actually latching onto that continent and viewing it, thats driving the subscribers in those markets as well?
Ted Sarandos: Well, I could tell you about, we launched this past quarter Ingobernable, which is a Spanish language original Starring Kate del Castillo, that had a huge impact on us throughout Latin America, but also outside of Latin America and throughout the Spanish speaking world. And our ability to get in learn the production infrastructure, learn the - get to know the talent, have the talent get to know us, thats one of those things that gets a nice accelerator as Netflix becomes better and better known around the world that the top talent in those markets want their shows on Netflix. So nothing is easy, but that that is something that weve had a lot of good fortune with finding the great town and the great shows locally, and it has been having a lot of impact outside of the country of origin.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Doug Mitchelson: The international arena is a pretty rich topic, but I want to move back to the U.S. But first, Reed, you mentioned consumption. I think investors would love to have an update on consumption both in the U.S. and overseas. What is the hours per day on average? Is it still growing for both cohorts year-to-year? Anything youre willing to share at this point in time?
Reed Hastings: Yes, viewing is very large and growing, but nowhere near as big as YouTube. So we definitely got YouTube envy and weve got a lot a room to go. And some of the new shows like Ted was talking about, our movie out of Korea [indiscernible] has great global potential. So, were finding great talent around the world and thats what drives up the viewing.
Doug Mitchelson: So I also wanted to hit on the U.S. And so even though a lot of the growth comes from international When you think about the U.S., a lot of investors are worried about the maturity and whether that sends a signal that you could ultimately have some issues with penetrations overseas. And I think, Reed, it starts with you and the vision for 60 million, 90 million subs, is that still the vision? Ted is part of that. What you have to do to execute on getting those subscribers that lead us looking for? And for David, on that topic, is there anything you see in the trends? I know you want us to not to dig into gross adds and churn on a quarterly basis too much, but its sort of what we do. Is there anything that youre seeing that suggests theres a majority wall coming anytime soon for the U.S.?Thanks.
Reed Hastings: U.S. market is continuing to grow very nicely. I dont see any fixed wall. I mean of course, every incremental 10 million is a little harder than the last 10 million, but our content keeps getting better, so those forces offset each other. When you look at the last five years, everyone is worried every quarter about saturation in the U.S., and weve just continued to grow. But it doesnt mean its going to be inherently forever. But we certainly feel good about the near-term as were expanding and just getting bigger content budget, more shows, more marketing and so all of that feels very good.
Ted Sarandos: And component of that obviously is the international appeal of our global regional shows. But also finding those sweet spot local regional shows that offer some connectivity with the consumers. And for some cases it will be the thing that introduces them to Netflix programming and they fall in love with the broader slate of content.
David Wells: And then finally, Doug, on your last one, I wouldnt say anything different from Reed. I mean, if we can get, my God, if we can get penetration levels outside the U.S. to be anywhere close to the U.S., youre implying multiple hundreds and millions of global subscribers with the U.S. beyond 50%. So Im not sure I understand that point of the question other than to say that the concern as I hear it voiced is really that we wouldnt be able to get to U.S. levels of penetration outside the U.S., so weve got some markets that are starting to get there. So I think we punch through that sort of concern and anxiety. Now were really at a phase where were starting to really benefit from the large pipeline that Ted is building and his team are building. And were really starting to have sometime in multiple markets that are somewhat new to us as Reed described in Asia.
Reed Hastings: A couple of years ago, Doug, there was a bunch of fear about the 30 million sub wall, with AOL had hit that and HBO would hit that. And the thing is everybody watches TV and nearly everybody has the Internet. So I dont see anything thats going to stop Netflix from getting to most people in the United States and then eventually hopefully most people around the world. But were not - were just going to focus on the everyday of making the services better and better.
Doug Mitchelson: The one follow-up to all that is, Ted, are you specifically targeting perhaps older demos you mentioned international with the product flow that youre looking on?
Ted Sarandos: No, the key here Doug is, youve got this many people an incredible diversity of taste. So you have to have programming that really appeals to a broad demographic. So obviously a show like 13 Reasons why appeals much younger Grace and Frankie, which had a really successful third season launch obviously appeals to an older demographic. But the key is just people love television, people love to be entertained and the definition of what that thing is youre in love with is different for each age, each country, and having a lot of that that increases our chances of having a deep connection with consumers. So thats why in Q2, were launching a new season of a show, a new brand new set of comedy special, documentaries, kids shows every week coming up. And this is the idea the chance that youre going to connect with somebody and it becomes their favorite show, or the reason they have Netflix its higher and higher if youre able to do that.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thanks.
Scott Devitt: Sticking to the U.S. and speaking of genres and different types of content, you talk a little bit about Dave Chappelle. Why the sudden increase in standup comedy? Whats the price to value that you find that youre getting out of that type of content?
Ted Sarandos: Well, theres always been an interest in standup comedy. It was actually back in our early original content days and the red envelope entertainment, its all we did was produced original standup comedy and acquired documentaries and foreign language films, always had good luck with it just on a very small scale. And the format lends itself really well to what were doing and that its uncensored, its commercial free, and that it allows for a lot of creative freedom and the fan base for these folks is very big. So Dave Chappelle his return to standup comedy was a big event in the culture. And you could drew series level and movie level of viewing on some of these standup comedy specials if you pick them right and invest in them properly. So these were big ticket investments, but theyre also performing like big ticket content. So were thrilled with this so far.
Scott Devitt: And then family and kids content, Ted, you mentioned a little bit and talk more about that in terms of the interest in extending deeper there. And then on that topic as well faith-based programming, conservative programming, Hollywood does lean a little in one direction seems like theres a pocket, or opportunity there to serve a very big market?
Ted Sarandos: Yes absolutely. Were not - were trying to find the content that people love and thats different for everyone, as I said earlier. So the faith-based market is something that were engaged on the edges, but were looking to do a lot more. And were also looking for like our kids and family programming, and the really exciting thing is when you get something that can be viewed by both. So thats the kind of phenomenon around Stranger Things or Fuller House, where you have these co-viewing opportunities that are so rare on TV these days, where its a kids show that parents enjoy watching and that dont get - dont have to cringe when they watch with their kids.
Scott Devitt: And then finally on this topic, the Disney deal. Hows that progressing the interest in renewing that content specifically, or content like that? And whats your interest in - I believe theres a paramount deal thats available in the next few years as well? Thanks.
Ted Sarandos: Like Ive said before, our interest in Disney is different than our interest in a Pay 1 output deal from a studio, because Disney has really centered their brand on a couple of really important tempos that perform very well on Netflix and obviously perform well around the world. So its been a great relationship and continues to be a great relationship with Disney as a company producing our Marvel series as well as being their Pay 1 partner and hundred - several hundred hours of their catalog all the time. So it continues to be a great partnership and theyre great supplier of content that people love so well see.
Reed Hastings: And while the Marvel series is global, the Disney Pay 1 is just U.S. and Canada, so its not a global deal.
Scott Devitt: Great. Thank you.
Doug Mitchelson: From my end for Reed over the past few months, it seems like weve had a number of important executives depart Netflix Chief Product Officer, Neil Hunt; Chief Talent Officer, Tawni Cranz; VP, Global Television, Sean Carey; seems like an unusual number of departures usually youre the one taking other companies executives. Any comment you want to make around this dynamic?
Reed Hastings: It is unusual. I mean, the last time we had an officer leave Netflix was 2012. So its quite a while ago. Weve got to search on the Chief Talent Officer insiders and outsiders. And then were fortunate to have Greg Peters take over for Neil Hunt. Greg has been a long-term Netflix veteran really knows the organization and excited about taking it forward and that transition will happen in about three months from now.
Doug Mitchelson: And so no particular signal that investors should take from this. It just happened to line up this way?
Reed Hastings: Thats correct.
Doug Mitchelson: Thank you. Ted, you mentioned last quarter that it would be a second-half weighted content slate this year. Can you give us more of a sense of why you feel this way obviously 2Q looks pretty big with both House of Cards and Orange is the New Black. Is the second-half going to be even bigger?
Ted Sarandos: Well, were introducing a lot of new brands in the second-half of the year, including some of our more aggressive moves into the movie business. Bright actually will be in the fourth quarter, which is our big Will Smith film that we think will kind of give consumers and everyone who watches this space a better idea of the kind of things were up to in the movie space, which is those movies that you would see in the theaters. But theyre available to you day in day out on Netflix and that they look and feel like movies of that scale.
Doug Mitchelson: Im sure youd love to expand on this topic in detail for the press. Any thoughts on the writers strike?
Ted Sarandos: Look, were keeping an eye on it like everybody else and like everybody else our productions would be impacted if it happens. We may be impacted a little bit less, because were not on such a rigid production schedule, where were not producing for the fall in the summer, were in year round production. But some of our productions would be held up in the event of a strike, which our fingers are crossed that, that wont happen.
Doug Mitchelson: And the last thing I did want to follow-up, because I think Ill let you get away with not giving us an update on the usage trends. You guys willing to make any comment on whether usage is still growing and in the U.S. and overseas, and what level is that?
Reed Hastings: Correct. We said that viewing is strong, growing, healthy, but we havent given specific numbers.
Doug Mitchelson: Okay. I missed that nuance again. So, Ted, are you want to?
Ted Sarandos: I did tell you - we did tell you that our subscribers have spent about a 0.5 billion hours watching Adam Sandler movies since Ridiculous 6 launched.
Doug Mitchelson: And I assume thats a good thing. And I think that Ted for you, is the originals as a percentage of spend and as a percentage of hours is fairly consistent. Is there an inconsistency there? Anything strategically that youre focused on in that dynamic?
Ted Sarandos: No, pretty consistent into the investment and the hours of spent watching. Thats why weve said before that the investment in original programming has been efficient, thats what we mean relative to what else youd spend the money on versus the hours of viewing. So and there were not driving towards a target of a percent of original programming versus not. Were just trying to find the great things for people to watch that move our business and grow the subscriber base.
Scott Devitt: Great. Thanks. And Im going to try to help Doug get an answer on the viewing question. I think there was a disclosure in January 250 million hours of movie and TV in a single day in January, and the last prior disclosure to that was 125 million, which seemed to be like a run rate. And just wondering if that 250 million was an outlier, or if that is more of a run rate currently?
Reed Hastings: Its really not the total aggregate viewing as opposed to the median viewing by country is not something internally thats in our metrics pack. And so we dont even track it that closely, its not that relevant. What we do track on a country by country basis is how median viewing at different lifetime slices is, and we continue to see good things in that, continue to see that grow as we have more content.
David Wells: And Scott, Id add, just like Reed. These are milestones or convenient sort of PR milestones in terms of announcing it, and some of that growth is by launching new territories. And now, were more focused on growing each individual user within that territory than we are in terms of the big aggregate number, as Reed said.
Reed Hastings: If we can help you out, I remember that, YouTube announced there were 1 billion a day and when we looked it up and were a little over 1 billion a week. So weve got a long way to go to catch up to YouTube.
Scott Devitt: Thanks. And then downloading is also a fairly new phenomenon within Netflix, speak a little bit more about that, how its being adopted within accounts? Also, any changes from a technology architecture standpoint that have needed to be done to produce that?
Reed Hastings: Its pretty small impact. I mean, youre not on airplanes or cars that much of your life, so its really nice to have when you use it. But at least in Western and more well-off markets, where networks are strong and relatively inexpensive, its a modest feature. I think in Asia its a little bigger, because the networks youre off of an inexpensive network a lot of the time. But again, as networks get more modern, I think, well see that downloading the need for it will go down and down, because basically you want to be able to just click and watch. You dont want to have to think in advance outside of a couple of narrow scenarios like an airplane.
Scott Devitt: And has the reencoding that was discussed at Mobile World Congress, is that now complete?
Reed Hastings: No, were still - there is no complete when you get to encoding, just keep getting better and better and better. And so were continuing on all of that work, so that you can get an incredible picture quality on a very modest data plan on a phone.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Doug Mitchelson: So Im going to switch to competition and Amazon, specifically. Amazons gone after a David Russell drama series with Robert De Niro producing the next series for Matt, these are sort of big tickets, big prices, very talented producers, actors and directors. Reed, when you look at the competitive landscape, anything at all that that makes you nervous, or that you feel like you have to accommodate, Ted, the fight for talent in Hollywood, any issues with Amazon ramping its originals and David on the cost side, could this influence the cost of originals higher than youd like?
Reed Hastings: Like at one level, Amazon is an amazing company and doing so many different things, its really incredible. And then you think of Jeff Bezos in addition to all of Amazon doing a Washington Post and Blue Origin Rocket. So, I will say, we do think about all of that and their tremendous track record. On the other hand, theyre doing great programming and theyll continue to do that. But Im not sure if it will really affect us very much, because the market is just so vast. Think about it when you watch a show from Netflix and you get addicted to it, you stay up late at night. Youre really - were competing with sleep on the margin. And so its a very large pool of time. And a way to see that numerically is that, were a competitor to HBOs and yet over 10 years weve grown to 50 million, and theyve continued modestly growing, they havent trunk. And so if you think about it as were not really affecting them, the answer is, well, why? And thats because were like two drops of water in the ocean of both time and spending for people. And so Amazon can do great work and it would be very hard for it to directly affect us. Its just home entertainment is not a zero sum game. And again, HBO success, despite our tremendous success is a good way to illustrate that.
Ted Sarandos: I would just add there are 500 cable channels, nearly every one of them have a original programming being produced every day. So its great that theres a - its an incredible opportunity for producers to have multiple buyers for their programming and a great opportunity for consumers to have a lot more opportunity to find new shows that theyre going to love.
David Wells: And to Teds points, I mean, theres more than just Amazon competing for those shows. So even if the show were lowering cost, we would have more content. You wouldnt necessarily would make the decision, I dont think to reduce the content level. Were already growing operating margin. We were able to grow us margin over the last four or five years and now were switching to growing global operating margin. So, were already delivering that and also growing the content. So I think, sure Id love to have shows less expensive, but honestly were more competing with the quality of the show and trying to push and improve the cinematic quality of that show, which is driving - has more of an influence on the cost of that than the individual competition within the market.
Doug Mitchelson: Absolutely. And Ted, to follow-up with your aspect of this, how is your relationship with Hollywood versus a year ago? How would you describe it? Does this dynamic come into play where at some point therell be a backlash from Hollywood we always talk about? The media companies ultimately looking at Netflix as a competitor competing on online video platform versus them supplying you with content and making a lot of money off? But have you seen a change in that dynamic at with any of the studios?
Ted Sarandos: Well, this is probably the most dynamic time of change in the television - in the history of the television industry and how everybody navigates, it feels really important obviously. But we are on top of being a competitor for projects and a competitor for attention, where an enormous customer of all the studios who would license us their content, sell us their content, who produce content - original content for us. So I think, the content evolution of the relationship is finding a balance between being a great supplier and a competitor. And the networks and the studios have navigated those waters since the beginning of television.
Doug Mitchelson: They have, but Hollywood goes for fits and starts and cycles. And right now, weve got writers agitating for more money, the talents getting a greater share, youve got a lot of cable networks that arent licensing syndicated content like they used to. Theres definitely a lot of change taking place and a lot of folks on Hollywood trying to figure out how exactly to wrestle with. But I guess, to your point, as you said, things are fine right now.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, were 10 years in and those fits and starts have started on day one and continue today.
Doug Mitchelson: Well, Ted, I think you would also say that one of the fundamental changes is the globalization of TV. So I think that, that is playing through Hollywood, and I think its playing through each one of the talent sections of Hollywood in terms of trying to understand what the value of content thats now applicable to a double the audience globally say?
Reed Hastings: Correct and who do you compete with today when in the U.S., with - incredible success with our Spanish language original Ingobernable and also with our Portuguese language original from Brazil 3%. So the pool of people who are competing for the attention of viewers and ultimately the attention of buyers, its never been bigger.
Doug Mitchelson: Great. Thanks.
Scott Devitt: Speaking of studios, it seems like your initiatives with Netflix studio produced original content seem to be quite unique relative to others, or some recent media attention, Ted, I think you were quoted as suggesting spending several billion dollars in terms of allowing talent to be home when they actually create content.
Ted Sarandos: Yes.
Scott Devitt: Could you speak a little bit more about that, how you think that differentiates yourselves relative to competitors?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, look, its - think about it as an extension of our talent-friendly commitments, but also in terms of our commitment to quality. And what we have found in our own business is that, if we create a great working environment for employee, they do the best work of their lives. And I think in the case of production, a lot of that comes off in the performance, which comes off in the screen. So where we want to invest in our talent the way we invest in our talent inside of Netflix and create the best shows on television. One way of doing that is not having people travel all around to chase a tax credit. And one - in that article that I had referred to this, it was suggesting that perhaps the state of California could be more effective in building - investing n infrastructure versus and setting individual productions, because if you give people a great place to work, theyre going to have - theyre going to come to - come work in your state.
Scott Devitt: And theres also I believe some job postings at least Netflix studio and the cloud and, its been discussed also in terms of differentiating and infusing technology into the studio to create content in different ways. Can you expand on that a bit?
Ted Sarandos: It goes along the same lines, were just giving people tools, right? Were giving the people the right - the best tools to work with. So when youre producing for Netflix - the Netflix studio that you have the most state-of-the-art tools at your disposal to create content and not get stuck in old technology. So were trying to innovate on things that matter to consumers, but also things that matter to creators.
Scott Devitt: Does - and I dont know that this is connected to studio or not. But does the current infrastructure that you have in place does allow you to do live and near-live productions?
Ted Sarandos: It would - we have to invest in technology to do it. Its not - theres nothing that would prevent it from happening. But its - our desire is to continue to double down on our consumer proposition of on demand. I think it is that kind of freedom that the consumer receives from Netflix of watching what they want whenever they want is part of the value proposition. And live is back to the kind of the old paradigm of appointment television.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Doug Mitchelson: Can we shift to sort of on that Amazon topic and the international topic combined. I guess, Ted, for you. Amazon is building out local content pretty aggressively, particularly India, Japan. India, theres talk of them starting up a studio. And youve, I think for the last couple of years really espouse this Hollywood strategy of Hollywood contents global in nature and that can drive subscriptions globally. But you also believe on the studio here in the United States to pursue that more aggressively, does it make sense for you to more aggressively build out local studios overseas? And what capacity does the company have to even do that at this point?
Ted Sarandos: Well, were definitely already building our production capabilities outside of the United States. Today - were today filming local shows in 13 different countries, including India, including Japan. So were doing it simultaneously. We think its going to be the combination of the big global interest in original programming, complemented with a growing number of local language original series in each country. So were operating all over the world. Were producing all over the world, because thats where our customers are.
Reed Hastings: And, Ted, maybe you could just talk a little as an example in those of Terrace House, Death Note and Secret Games to illustrate that.
Ted Sarandos: Well, the different - the various versions of it obviously would be something like producing - something that would be more on the quality level that youre used to seeing from Hollywood in India, a new series that were producing coming up called Sacred Games. In Japan, we have a show called Terrace House, its incredibly popular more in the unscripted mode as more consistent with the things you see every day on television in Japan. And then a movie Death Note that were producing today is epic piece of Japanese manga and anime that were remaking and reimagining that storyline for the world with more of a Western spin. So those - the different takes on content from around the world opens up the world to a world of storytellers, and thats whats really exciting about doing it.
David Wells: Doug, I think its worth, sorry, Doug. I think its work noting too that from our perspective this isnt a change. Youre - what youre seeing is the fulfillment of pipeline thats been building for two, two-and-a-half years. And the fact that were operating in more territories. So I think, Ted, you would say this, this has been plans and works for a while. This isnt really a change from what weve been talking about.
Ted Sarandos: Absolutely. Yes, were deep in production in Spain, Italy, Germany for shows that well launch this year and were going to continue to grow in that. Our Ingobernable was our second major series for Mexico, well have four from Brazil. So were continuing to grow it out and grow up that capability domestically and internationally.
Doug Mitchelson: And do you think 20% local, 80% sort of Hollywood U.S. content is the ratio that still looks good to you today, or do you think that 20% is rising as the international markets?
Ted Sarandos: Id say thats the right picture, thats the right picture globally, Doug, and not to say that some countries wont be some variance of that. But Im not seeing a reversal of it in any territory.
Doug Mitchelson: The second topic I want to discuss was mobile, and I think, Neil Hunt before he retired talked about that since youve launched the rest of the world mobile usage of Netflix has really soared, and that theres a lot that youre thinking about in terms of customizing content for mobile, or even operationally, any more details on mobile that any of the three of you are going to share?
Reed Hastings: Well, at first, Neil is still with us for the next couple of months. Second is, theyre very experimental, just trying to figure out aspect ratio. So if you think of there were movies originally were very widescreen. When they showed on televisions that were 4:3 Technology developed pan and scan to be able to make that picture look a little better on a 4:3 screen. And so were just experimenting with variations of that of trying to figure out how to zoom in to be able to basically have faces be larger. But its super experimental. Its a neat idea about how to adapt to the future.
Ted Sarandos: What we do know too is that the next 100 million subscribers are going to be far more likely to be watching content on mobile than the first 100 million, whether or not they want to watch anything differently, were going to find out.
Reed Hastings: Lets get one question more from each of you guys.
Doug Mitchelson: So why dont I take the next one, because Scott and I agreed that he would get the last. Ill say for fun, Reed, how much longer to get the next 100 million subscribers if it took 10 years to get the first 100?
Reed Hastings: Well, to more than 10 million how you count the streaming shorter than the first 10, for sure. Scott
Scott Devitt: And then, Reed for you, if you were to like in your current global dominance in global streaming to any army in the history of the globe, what would that be today?
Reed Hastings: I got the invitation to go visit Albania. So I may - you may see some summer photographs from me with members of the Albanian army. But remember that thats all in fun and that Jeff Bewkes has been a great partner for us. So we do get him and he deserves that. But he really has been a great partner, and we think they will continue to be under AT&T for that matter. Again that comes back to the non-zero sum nature of entertainment. And the more we can all do great content, the better many different providers, including HBO, including Netflix will prosper. So its up to us just to figure out how to provide the best entertainment possible. Thank you, everyone.
Scott Devitt: Thanks.
David Wells: Thank you.
Ted Sarandos: Thank you.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO David Wells - CFO Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Doug Mitchelson - UBS Securities LLC
Operator:
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q4 2016 Earnings Call. I am David Wells, the CFO. Joining me today from the company is Reed Hastings, our CEO and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us on today's call, or interview, is Doug Mitchelson from UBS and Scott Devitt from Stifel Nicolaus. A cautionary note that we will be making forward-looking statements, actual results may vary. Scott, I think you have the first question, so over to Scott.
Q - Scott Devitt: Yes, thanks, David. First question for Reed. Just an outstanding quarter, both domestically and internationally, relative to expectation from a subscriber standpoint. And there is so much focus on international given the opportunity there to grow the business, as well as the way you've built out the international business with some more mature markets that you've been in for quite some time. Some newer markets like France and Germany that are starting to kick in, and the 130 that were added at the beginning of 2016. So, I was wondering if you could frame, potentially, the over-performance in the quarter and where you saw strength regionally.
Reed Hastings: You describe it as over-performance in the quarter, but if you look at it on a longer term basis like over the last couple years, it smooths it out. So, we are seeing some lumpiness in the quarters depending on when we launched certain content, but the big picture is remarkably steady and so we have a huge quarter like Q4. This quarter its a little bit less and so think of it really as this big adoption of Internet TV. It's in somewhat influenced by the content in the short-term. And then you asked about the international expansion which has been remarkably steady. Again if you don't look at it by the quarter, but you look at by the year, what was seen Latin America's steady growth, Europe as a whole has been really picking up momentum for us, and Asia, we're just getting started.
Scott Devitt: And then secondly, possibly for David, you got the first quarter U.S. contribution margin above the longer term I think target. Understanding that there is lumpiness in that you're going to continue to invest in their business. Is there any update on that longer term target in terms of the contribution margin for the U.S. market?
David Wells: No, no Scott we did, as you correctly asked me that there's two pieces one is the U.S. contribution margin pops up in the first quarter and we're indicating that that's -- we're going to continue to reinvest. And then on the international line, we actually broke through into profitability for our consolidated international segment and we will continue to invest -- take that back down through the year. So, I think that we don't talk about long-term targets other than an operating margin target. We had mentioned before that we would produce meaningful operating profit in 2017 and beyond, so we fleshed that out a little bit for you, the investor now targeting at 7% operating margin for this year and steady growth afterward. And then we don't think anything structurally is at hand than in terms of our international businesses. It really depends on the competitiveness of each market, but we think we can continue to grow the overall profitability. So, we'll grow operating profit by continuing to grow U.S. margin and also reduce international losses with respect to adding on more investment. So, I think long-term we'll reduce those losses and grow international margin, but we havent provided a specific target.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Doug Mitchelson: I think on the fourth quarter results, so I'm curious, in the U.S. what content specifically drove the strong performance relative to budgets?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we had a pretty powerful releases in Q4. So, you see particularly shows like Luke Cage, Narcos -- new series of Narcos that travel really well around the world and we know that they are exciting here as consumers of television in America, but it's been fantastic to see how these shows are adopted around the world.
David Wells: Yes, Doug, I would just add to that that we're -- you're now seeing the benefit of Netflix having sort of its third, fourth year of original slates. So, we're now getting -- as Ted mentioned Narcos season two comes out, but we've got new seasons as well. So, you're getting the benefit of shows that might take hold in their second or third season, but some new shows as well, like Stranger Things did for us in the third quarter and continue to be popular through the fourth quarter as well.
Ted Sarandos: And a nice upside surprise us something like Gilmore Girls where you think would be incredibly domestic in its popularity, but we found it to be incredibly internationally popular as well, particularly from performing grade in Europe.
Doug Mitchelson: And this might seem relatively obvious given the comment so far that content is drive to subscriber, but in terms of your ability to measure how content is driving subscribers, and you talked last quarter about including new content into your subscriber growth guidance and you see the strong result this quarter, is it tangible title-by-title, are you making just an overall estimate based on spending or number of release [ph]?
Reed Hastings: Think of it as its a cumulative effect. Very few people will join Netflix just because of a single title. But there's a tipping point. We have one more title that has great excitement, you're hearing a lot about and that triggers you to finally sign up for Netflix. So, it's a cumulative effect of all of these and you can -- you see some frontloading whole forward, but the basic demand creation is increasing as people get more comfortable and more aware of the idea of Internet television where you don't get the commercial interruptions, where you just get to watch when and where you want. So, those are the big drivers. And then the things that capture the demand are really these big launches that we're doing particular title franchises.
Scott Devitt: Just to feed off Doug's question, there is commentary in the letter regarding content being a driver for subscribers in the second half of 2017. Is that -- just looking at the slate in that period as a driver for their business, or is there something else to that comment?
Ted Sarandos: You should look at, we have multiple seasons of our shows and we see that the audience continues to build cumulatively and therefore the excitement for the upcoming season builds as well. So, in Q2 of this year, we have new seasons of a lot of our very popular shows, like Orange Is The New Black, Kimmy Schmidt, Bloodline, Sense8, Master of None, and we think that they should have a pretty nice impact on our subscriber growth as well.
David Wells: Yes, and Doug if I -- and Scott if I can knit these comments together, Reed's comments, Ted's comments and your questions, there's a difference between -- so the baseline demand as Reed said is just the transition to Internet TV and the overwhelming convenience of it. We get -- talking a lot about that sort of quarter, inter-quarter whether we hit above we expected or not based on some of how these shows perform. And if their brand new shows, they don't tend to -- if they are having to punch into the consciousness of the consumer, they don't tend to draw new subscribers in as great of numbers as some of our existing shows. So what we were saying is in the first quarter, we have some great new shows [Indiscernible] that are doing well, but they don't tend to draw numbers like House of Cards did last year in terms of we're lapping House of Cards and for us, it was a surprise of Making a Murderer as well. So, I think -- what Ted thinks, we have all these great shows coming in the back half of the year and more of them are second season, they tend to draw in more subscribers because they are better-known shows.
Ted Sarandos: Second, third, fourth, and this seasons even.
Scott Devitt: And sorry to be so myopic around the more near-term subs, but one final question on that for me. There was a -- I think a comment, as well, in terms of potentially being a pull-forward in subscribers into Q4 from one as part of the explanation for the 1Q sub guidance. And can you flesh that just a bit and what gives you that type of visibility?
David Wells: Sure. Reed or I could do that, but I'll take a stab at it. I think what we saw in 2016 around our un-grandfathering our price change was a lot of lumpiness in our subscribers in terms of -- we grew strongly in the first quarter, second and third more modestly, and then building into the fourth quarter. And what we found was we found a lot of rejoins coming back. So, yes, there was a reaction to the price, but we got -- many of those subscribers back. And so I think what were talking about in the first quarter -- or the fourth quarter we got many of them back that may have come in the first quarter, we may have seen some of those folks in the first quarter. So, we tend to look less at a specific quarter's performance and we look sort of over a six or nine or 12-month period in terms of what is the real trend here, not focusing too much on any specific quarter because they do seem to have bleeds in terms of some folks joining in a quarter that they would've joined the former quarter.
Scott Devitt: Got it. Thank you.
Doug Mitchelson: Two more questions from me on near-term subscribers. First Reed you said that Europe is really picking up and I think when you launch those markets, you indicated we take some time for them to work Latin America now that's happening, but investors are still wondering, something specific that you have done differently or done recently that's drive improvements, particularly in Germany and France?
Reed Hastings: No, there's no specific like pricing, marketing tactic. It's the cumulative effect of show-after-show being end market, just the steady work that we've done and this is what we also saw in Latin American as there was no step function, there was just steady discipline of staying on our game of great shows, great movies, and enjoyment continues to increase. There's slightly incremental more partners that we have, but there's is no real step function. Again it's really the continue buildup of momentum.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, we're seeing as we're adding more and more global shows that it's rising all boats [ph] across the world.
Doug Mitchelson: And I think we talked about acquisition a lot in near-term, when you think about churn management, I think investors are curious both on did X1 integration have any [Indiscernible] in the quarter, did other bundling deals throughout the world -- you certainly have done quite of them, have any influence and as you think about churn trends, is there anything noticeable for investors' assessment and how should we think about that in a flow basis going forward?
Reed Hastings: All the partnership deals we really believe and that's why we're doing more of them, but you can see we had been outperformance in international and in domestic. So, it wasn't just a Comcast story, in which case, it would have been domestic only. It's fundamentally a story of the broad acceptance of Internet TV and the content. And then on the margin, those partnership deals are good for the customers, good for us and good for the partner.
Scott Devitt: The cable set-top box deals, the -- I think John Malone was quoted recently at Lionsgate Analyst Day as saying that you had approached some operators in terms of being bundled into service, where carriers would cover. And just interested in terms of the accuracy of the statement, is that something you are interested in and what you think the benefit of that would be of such?
Reed Hastings: We wouldnt want to speculate on future deals. And in general around the world, we've done extremely well focusing on our service as a discrete service, $7.99 a month and incredible content. And so we're just going to keep pounding that drum as we expand around the world and also here in the U.S.
Scott Devitt: And the X1 interface, which is outstanding by the way, we have it at our house, are there -- I assume that there is interest in doing more integrations like that. Is there any reason other than simply being able to cut those deals, technology restriction standpoint with other providers that would limit the ability to do deals with others?
Reed Hastings: Yes, X1s are very advanced set-top, so not all MSOs in the U.S. have such advanced, so they basically can't do Internet apps or can't do Netflix. So, X1 is very strong in that way, so is the dish receiver, so we're able operate on ones that are relatively modern and have other IT apps also.
Doug Mitchelson: Reed, I think you've had advantage just because of the technology investment you've made over time, the scale that you have deployed, any concerns longer term to the extent more and more of your competitors are bundled in on the same aggregating performs like X1 that you could lose a bit of a technology, consumers access your content all through the same interface that they are accessing [Indiscernible]?
Reed Hastings: Well, when the consumer finds in the Comcast UI some Netflix show, they click on that and it opens the Netflix app and then the consumers in the Netflix app, they enjoy the show and then we control after the show, the post-play experience which guides them into another show, another show. So, we look at it as entry ramp onto our application and we're -- we feel that our application really is the best way to enjoy Netflix content, but that doesnt mean there shouldn't be easy entry ramp from interfaces like a Comcast user interface because that's very effective for customers.
Doug Mitchelson: And -- so I was circling back to some of the subscriber and I'm curious any learnings now that the global rollover is full year behind you when you look back anything that's far and different than expected and when can we expect the next round of taking some of those skin markets like Poland and Turkey and turning them into market launches?
Reed Hastings: We'll continue with more Poland and Turkey like launches this year with several countries. So, that will just be a steady process we're going through. We'd really like what we saw once we localized Poland and Turkey in terms of increased viewing, increased membership growth. So, we'll just keep on that pattern. Think of it -- from a near-term subscriber standpoint, its a background influence compared to the big established markets in Europe, LatAm and North America. And then of course over time they should be quite substantial. But they are long-term place.
David Wells: And Doug from a financial standpoint, just keep in mind that when we talk about the investments in international, content is the big piece of that. Localization is relatively modest compared to the content.
Scott Devitt: Ted, I think the last time that you spoke publicly this topic; you were doing local language content in 10 different countries. And I was wondering if you could talk about success or challenges of that, and that was tied to original comp. And then also more broadly, local language in newer markets as well as marketing campaigns, which was identified in 2016 as something that needed to be put in place to get some of the newer markets to begin to progress [Indiscernible]?
Ted Sarandos: Well, so far we've really happy with the success of our local language productions in France and Mexico and Brazil and as I mentioned last time, we've rolled it out to Germany, to Spain, to Italy. We're deep in production. We're entering into a couple of new productions in Asia. What we find is a -- it creates a lot of great excitement for Netflix in the market because it's a really elevated form of television relative to what else is available in the market. And we love that we're working with local storytellers, local producers to make that content and even more importantly making its available around the world has been a huge differentiator for us. So when I mentioned earlier about the Gilmore Girls being so popular globally, so it was a little softer anywhere, it might have been in Brazil and about the same time, we're launching a really great little science fiction show called the 3%, a local Portuguese language show that we shot in Brazil. It was enormously popular in Brazil and played to millions of subscribers around the world including the U.S. So, it's been a great way to find new global storytellers and make Netflix feel a lot more local in those countries.
Scott Devitt: And then I think you also quoted as saying that 1,000 hours of content in 2017 seemed to be pretty conservative. Can you speak to that in terms of -- it was local language as a contributor to that, but also as genres and geographies, and what actually is going to be the makeup of those 1,000 hours?
Ted Sarandos: I would like to focus you a little less on the 1,000 hours and more on the quality of those 1,000 hours. About half of the most searched for shows on television around the world this year were Netflix Original shows and that's the kind of thing we're really proud of. A little bit -- even more so than the volume of it all, it's interesting and it's an artifact of a fast growth and commitment that is so many hours, but the rest of this quarter, we still have 42 Original launches to lunch rest of this quarter including shows like Santa Clarita Diet with Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant, a second season of Love, Iron Fist, our latest Marvel series we'll be launching this quarter. So, I really want to focus you on yes, its a lot of volume, but it's also a ton of quality that consumers are falling in love with.
Doug Mitchelson: Shifting over to -- strategies I'm just curious reflecting back on the last year where you had said your price increases flowing through from the Un-grandfathering, Reed, David, did you learn anything about the pricing power of Netflix and can you bid about what investors should expect your pricing strategies in 2017 and beyond please?
Reed Hastings: You should expect us to continue to invest in the consumer experience, making the content incredible and we don't have any plans for any near-term changes. So, I would just continue to look at as a model us as expanding the membership base at these terrific rates.
David Wells: I also think Doug in terms of -- nothing has changed in terms of our long-term view of our ability -- of our belief ability to continue to add great value and slowly, steadily assume that value overtime. So, I don't think anything has changed in that respect.
Doug Mitchelson: I think along the lines of similar things you've been saying Reed, one of the questions that we get from investors is why focus on earnings at all it Netflix? I mean shareholders have clearly rewarded the [Indiscernible] for subscriber growth and revenue growth or leadership position in the market, while Ted is ramping content pretty aggressively, I'm sure he is always asking for more money. Why the philosophy around trying [ph] growth with delivering earnings?
Reed Hastings: Yes, we don't really believe in hockey-stick kind of businesses, like suddenly we'll turn significantly profitable at 200 million members. We think it's much smarter to grow into that bit-by-bit. So, expect us to modestly move up operating income and operating margins as we have from 4% to 7% and continue a slow and growing into that as we grow larger. We'll keep an eye on the investment levels that are necessary to protect the advantages that we have. So, don't worry about that, but I would say, in general, you grow into the profitability as opposed to postponement forever and then hope that you can change the business model to deliver on the profitability front leader.
David Wells: And the only thing I'd add to that, and Ted probably has his own answer, there's a little bit of scarcity that goes along way in terms of efficiency and I just making sure that we continue to focus on the quality.
Doug Mitchelson: Well said.
Scott Devitt: Ted, how did The Crown do? And did it -- seemed like it would perform well in the U.K. How did it travel throughout -- perform in the U.S. and other regions?
Ted Sarandos: We're incredibly proud of it, both for the reasons you just mentioned which is that it's been incredibly popular globally, there's an enormous interest in the royal family around the world, so in the U.K., it was really celebrated as something that only the BBC could do just a couple of years ago and really loved in the U.K., in the U.S., but also even in countries throughout Asia, throughout Europe obviously where people just love that story, and more importantly, they loved how it was told and we were thrilled that it won at the Golden Globes for Best Drama. It was our first Best Drama Award there and we're excited, we're deep into season two now and excited to tell the rest of the story.
Scott Devitt: Great. Thank you. And Reed, in the test market, you are one quarter away; I think you are going to be approaching 50 million U.S. paying subscribers at the end of the first quarter. There's over 100 million households in the U.S. that subscribe to cable and satellite cable. The price point and the value proposition, it really does not seem like there's any reason why, over time, with broadband speeds, that you should be able to address all households. When you look at the next 50 million in the U.S., where do you incur the friction points that are limiting you right now to getting to those numbers faster?
Reed Hastings: I think it's really this fusion to the society as more and more people use Netflix. We have better and better shows and more of them -- you just get the word of mouth, which is how you grow from nearly 50 million to 60 million and hopefully we keep going. In terms of getting to a full 1:1 tie ratio with today's cable that includes a lot of sports which we don't have and don't have plans for. So, you want to wait that a little bit. But in terms of the next couple of years, again, I think if you look back four or five years, it's been really pretty steady growth overall and it's following this formula of just improving the value, improving the content, improving the service like adding our offline viewing. It's really creating a big wave of customer joy, the video merchandising that you'll see where you get to choose content by looking at content. So, we're continuing to innovate on multiple fronts to just make it a better experience.
Doug Mitchelson: Two questions from me for David just on some of the financial commentary. In the letter, I think you gave 7% was the guidance for full year 2017. I think would helpful for investors just to understand on the cost category [Indiscernible], what the outlook might be for 2017, so when you look at G&A, and tech and dev, and marketing, if you could give us a sense of what the dynamics for each of those are this year that will be helpful?
David Wells: Sure Doug and we updated our long-term letter a little bit in this respect as well. So, think about 6 billion in content, a billion in tech and dev, somewhere around a billion in G&A to sort of round out the operating profit expense lines and that should get you there.
Doug Mitchelson: That work. And then also notable free cash flow burn $2 billion for this -- that was a bit higher than I believe you suggested a few months ago. So, what's changed?
David Wells: Well, I think what we put in the October letter was that free cash flow might be similar to Q3, it was more than that. We do think it's going to come down this quarter in Q1, but we wanted to give an indication, it's pretty lumpy right now. Even my team has -- we don't really focus on trying to optimize a single quarter, we're looking at sort of across four and eight quarters and we think the run rate is around 500 million right now in terms of the quarter as we continue to expand content. It's not too different from 2016. I mean we moved up to 1.7 billion in 2016 and so we're indicating that might be around 2 billion this year and we'll go from there. I mean I think what you'll find is we will organically fund more and more of our own content expansion with the growth of our operating profit and so more and more as we transition over the next few years, our debt will be about content expansion, but it also transition to being about optimization of cost to capital.
Scott Devitt: And I think you said at one point in time or possibly it was Reed that -- if content is available, you would be willing to take on more leverage or take on versus first otherwise letting it go because it does fit into the P&L currently. So, with -- and I'm paraphrasing there, but with -- where you're now in the $2 billion drag, but where content spend see it's beginning to normalize in terms of the outweigh versus the P&L spend. Is there visibility to when the business becomes self-fund based on the current trajectory?
David Wells: We haven't provided that guidance Scott. It really depends on how much we want to continue to expand content and the growth of the business itself. So, we're little bit guarded in terms of providing specific because there's interdependences there. What I think -- and this back to Doug's question prior is part of the reason that our working capital needs have gone up a little bit is because we're owning more and more of our content and I think that's a good thing for the investor and the shareholder. We control more of the rights, more of the sort of global advantages for being a platform that is increasingly having 90 million and beyond global subscribers will be advantageous for us to own that content. So, I think the step-up -- the slight step-up from years past -- a couple of years to the 2 billion that we're talking about this year is inclusive of more owned content and increasingly more content categories. I think you get both of those in there.
Scott Devitt: And then secondly as investors begin to look the U.S. market as a template for rest of world as happens with businesses in the Internet when you grow globally, can you just talk about the takes in terms of what could lead to similar margin profile of markets out of U.S. versus higher or lower as the churn?
David Wells: Sure. I'll pitch it to Reed. I'll say something and then Reed can follow-on. But I would say there's competitiveness in those markets. Generally, overall I would say there's nothing fundamental that we can get to margins equal or better in some places of the U.S. So then you think about an average across the globe and it really is about determined somewhat by competitiveness, it's determined by the cost of that content. But the more we can grow and provide sort of spread the cost of popular content that is engaging to a large portion of the world, the more advantage and scale advantage we see there in terms of being able to do that. So, I would provide those comments and then see if Reed has anything that he might want to add to that.
Reed Hastings: I think that's perfect David. Our North Star is providing an incredible value to consumer because upon that you can build a very large and very profitable franchise. But it starts with an amazing value for consumers which is a great service and amazing content behind that.
Scott Devitt: Thanks.
Doug Mitchelson: Two questions for Ted. Ted, anything new in terms of ROIs on your investment in content? You look at acquired versus originals, are the lines starting to cross in any way? And as part of that, are you willing to give us an update in hours consumed? Globally, we havent had that number from you in a while.
Ted Sarandos: Well, stay tuned for those numbers. We don't have anything to report today, but I'll tell you I think the -- as David had mentioned while it is a bit more cash consumptive, owning our own content and including our original productions has a lot of big scale advantages to the business, probably the most meaningful one is removing the studio markup and overhead on those productions and being able to put more of that on the screen, owning the IP as we expand into multiple seasons, having control over the windows. And so I lean into both original programming and owned original programming, but we're still very active buyer of second-window content from our studio partners. We are increasingly coproducing some of the programming with networks and studios around the world. We'll take one country and we'll premiere the show globally at the same time which takes off some of that risk and also enhances our partnerships with those networks and studios. But I do think there's a lot of value in owning the IP and a lot of value in creating new content. But we need to have great programming for our members and sometimes, we don't have that. So, we will have to go out and we're buying it elsewhere to enhance what we are doing.
Doug Mitchelson: I think along those lines, any suggestions as to where the emphasis will be going forward? I think there's still a feeling that this could use more movie content. You made huge investments on the comedy side, which they -- if you want to talk about that. Particular genres that we should expect you to focus ongoing forward?
Ted Sarandos: Well, you could look at those comedy investments as a good example of taking a category that we primarily bought second window from other people just a few years ago and now are producing original programming that takes it from being just something people watch to something people really value Netflix for differentially. The rest of this quarter you're going to see standup shows from Amy Schumer, Dave Chappelle, Trevor Noah, Jim Norton, like some of the top names in comedy. And as you are -- going out, we've already talked about Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld's recent deals. But that's a category we took it from being kind of cheap second window programming to something that really becomes an event and a subscriber acquisition driver for Netflix. Same thing with unscripted programming with shows that will be launching even this quarter like Ultimate Beastmaster and Abstract, which is a variant on Chef's Table, but about design. And it's all that programming that we used to license in second window that we're finding to be much more valuable to go ahead and produce originally for Netflix.
David Wells: Scott, Doug, I think we got time for maybe one final question from either one of you or one each.
Scott Devitt: I'll go first. The question that I had is -- squeeze in net neutrality edits, it's commented on the letter, but we could just the assumption of the new administration entitled to that neutrality is rolled back, what are the implications for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: I think we addressed that in the letter. I don't have really anything to add to that.
Scott Devitt: Okay.
Doug Mitchelson: I think from my end last question, we're just curious the ultimate vision at this point, we're turning the new calendar year. I think we've had a conversation in the past where you talked about to satisfy consumers you have to give them all the television shows they want for $25. I'm just curious as you talk about the letter, your decade -- next decade is going to be pretty exciting, what's your ultimate vision at this point for the services?
Reed Hastings: You never want to characterize something as an ultimate vision because when you get there, there's always more that you want to do. And so we're taking it year-by-year, we're growing around the world, we're thrilled with our global expansion, ex-China we're really focused on all the different markets, Asia still doing work, in Europe we're building up our content production, muscle, we're able to produce shows now in many countries around the world. So, think of us just continuing to iterate on the basic cycle of more content, better product that combines as a great service with a great price and hopefully with that, we can attract many more people to join Netflix and then that fuels the whole cycle. So, we're just going to lather, rinse, repeat again and again for the next couple years and expand that. We have a long way to go. When you think about how many movies and TV shows we don't have. We want to be able to just think about the great range of content that we have and we're very ambitious about what we can do, especially around the world. So, there's a lot for us to work on. And then just the next six weeks in Brazil, Europe, Asia, we're having a blast just spreading and evangelizing this vision of Internet TV where you get to control what you watch and you get incredible quality content. And we hope to land this quarter in 99 million subscribers, which will be quite an achievement. And thank you very much all for your support and look forward to talking to again in the quarter.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Reed Hastings - Founder and Chief Executive Officer David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator:
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q3 2016 Earnings Call. I am David Wells, CFO and joining me on the company side today is, Reed Hastings, our CEO and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us will be Scott Devitt from Stifel, sorry Scott Devitt from Stifel and Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Ben is in his fourth interview before he passes the baton. Before we get started, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary. Ben, I think you have the first question, over to you.
Q - Ben Swinburne: Thank you very much. Maybe we could start by focusing in on the international strength this quarter. Typically, I think you and your colleagues have downplayed the impact of originals, but in the letter you really called out the benefit on acquisitions from your original content, you noted Stranger Things and Narcos. Can you just shed some light on that? Why do you think those are having such an impact on gross adds today and any particular color on markets that might surprise us about where those originals are really driving the business?
Reed Hastings: Sure. If you look over the whole year we've generated 12 million net adds this year. Last year we generated 12 million net adds. So there's been remarkable steadiness measured over the three-quarter period. But if you look at any single quarter, were high, were low and I think what's happening is that when we have some big originals it indefinitely grows the business, but some of that is a pull forward from the natural underlying growth rate. And so, like if in hindsight if we look back in Q1 we over interpreted that. In Q2 that we over interpreted a low, but it is actually quite steady over the midterm which is basically a fundamental organic growth of this on-demand Internet television. So think of it as it can affect the quarter a lot, it affects the year only a little that is as the total programming is better.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, and you mentioned that the churn I think globally was roughly in line with your expectations as you moved through the quarter. As we just think about the longer-term particularly next year there's probably some logic to say that your net adds could improve next year overall given you are not going to have this elevated, so how do you think about the impact of churn as we move into 2017 and do you have any expectations for price increases at this point?
Reed Hastings: Well, we definitely want to increase net adds, but when I look over the last three or four years at how steady they've been, how hard they've been to move up and similarly that they've been very steady, we're only probably going to be able to make a little progress on increasing year-over-year net adds next year. So, we're fundamentally in this growth cycle that's to do with the Internet, smart TV, people getting used to on-demand, all of those aspects. So we're continuing to make progress. I wouldn't get to the micro variables about this churn or that churn or this show. It's much more of a deep force that's changing the market as more and more people are getting used to Internet television.
David Wells: Yes Ben, if I might add, it's probably useful to talk about U.S. and international a little bit differently. The U.S. is a much older market in terms of our ability to improve that product and have more time. We've kind of settled into a rate of churn that's lower than some of our international markets. They get there over time, but I would say and this in terms of that conversation, we think that there's room left to improve the U.S. as we is that sort of un-grandfathering effect fades out over time. But outside the U.S. we will definitely have more opportunity to improve churn turnover time as we improved these products outside the U.S.
Ben Swinburne: And not to do my Lester Holt impression, but Reed to make you answer the question, do you have any expectation for price increases at this point that you could talk about?
Reed Hastings: No, we have no plans on price increases outside of an inflation adjustment that we do in Brazil on an annual which is the law there.
Ben Swinburne: Okay, thank you.
David Wells: Then to just followup on another part of Ben's question which was international over performance which markets actually ever performed to the extent that you can identify specific markets or even that it was some of the older markets that were over performing relative to new or otherwise.
Reed Hastings: For competitive reasons we're really not going to break out per country markets and results. I would say we're having broad success around international. We're continuing to make those investments. We've got a lot of room to go to improve the service. We mentioned the letter that we've only just now localized Poland and Turkey. That brings us up to 22 languages. YouTube is at 50. So we've got a long way to go in that localization effort.
David Wells: I'll just add on quick, the one of the really encouraging points was our big series that we had going on in the quarter, Luke Cage, Stranger Things, The Get Down, Narcos of course. The great thing is they performed proportionally well globally. So the content is traveling in a way that wed hoped. Scott and Ben I would say it wasn't any one market, it's okay to talk about the fact that it was a very broad-based performance across multiple international markets so very broad.
Ben Swinburne: And then secondly, the quarterly volatility in the stock and the performance relative to your visibility three months out domestically and internationally, it certainly does seem to accelerate the growing process for folks like me that watch the business on a quarterly basis. And I was just wondering to the extent that Reed you just mentioned that the visibility into the business and the linearity and progression of subscriber growth on an annual basis seems to be more predictable. Is there any thought in terms of providing annual guidance as it relates to subscriber growth instead of quarterly guidance?
Reed Hastings: I'm not particularly, I think we can all see that it's time for me to apologize for the volatility again, this time it's in a good direction, but I think more and more investors are able to look at the multiyear picture and they see the patterns emerging and so then it will be less and less about our guidance. I think the main thing about one year guidance is we probably don't have any more insights than investors do, whereas in the current quarter when we're two or three weeks into it we do have a little bit of an advantage, so that's why we do the current quarter guidance.
Ben Swinburne: Let me ask you Reed, or David about the X1 integration. Brian demoed it recently at a conference. It looks quite elegant. Do you expect this to be a meaningful contributor in the fourth quarter when you look at your domestic net adds and maybe stepping back Reed do you think these partnerships play a larger role over time in driving your business than they have may be historically?
Reed Hastings: Yes we sure hope so. I mean, it is rolling out this quarter. It's a really nice integration. Comcast users tend to be pretty advanced high income households, so many of them already have Netflix. But having it integrated to X1 will make it easier to use. Our increase is the word-of-mouth and all of these MVPD integrations they help just like being integrated in smart televisions. So think of it as the more devices we're in the easier it is to use, but there's no step function here because again most of those homes probably have Netflix already.
Ben Swinburne: And do you have any concerns at all that the consumer who accesses it through the X1 is not as deep in the Netflix universe from an experience perspective as they might be using it in the smart TV or an app because they are sort of navigating through the XFINITY guide that you, how do you get comfortable that that wasn't going to be a negative, net negative, we felt like it was offset by other positives?
Reed Hastings: Well, there are definitely concerns like that and on the same side and MVPD has concerns about putting on Netflix. You know they'll build more Netflix awareness and we have concerns that the UI, but ultimately where we get together is let's try to learn together what the customer really wants. And if we're thoughtful with each other and we're focused on the customer together, we're both going to be able to prosper. And then on the X1 specifically, when you click on say it's in the guide to the show it brings you into the Netflix user interface for showing you the show and then the post play kicks in where you've got the different followup shows that you could watch on Netflix.
David Wells: And Scott and Ben we have other partners that we've launched with Virgin and others that we've gotten sort of an early preview in terms of how the consumer interacts with the application and as long as we're able to continue to improve the attractiveness and the compellingness of the content and the experience of Netflix we feel like we're  it's a good partnership.
Reed Hastings: And the X1 is the most powerful CPU box we've ever seen in the MVPD space and so the percentage of streams that are HD and the UI is really spectacular. It's the best that we've ever seen.
Scott Devitt: Reed you mentioned no plans for pricing increasing in the near term, now that you've gone through the un-grandfathering which has created a level of consistency and pricing across the customer base, I'm wondering how you think about pricing increases in the future. It seems like with where the product is priced in the U.S. and internationally today that there's still quite a bit of room and just wondering philosophically how you think about acting on that over time?
Reed Hastings: Well, look we've had a great couple of years at these price points and there's a lot of competition entering the market. What we're focused on is just how do we increase value to the consumer by having more spectacular shows, so that people watch more of Netflix. And over time, that will take care of itself, but we don't want to get overconfident just because we've had a good couple of years here.
David Wells: And there's a small technical carve-out on Reed's answer in terms of we do have some territories in the world, countries of the world, changing their VAT or their GST laws and to the extent that we feel like that's a territory or a country-level response and we can pass that to the consumer, we may do that. It's just, we have a lot of different price points across the world at this point. So it's just a technical addition to Reed's answer.
Scott Devitt: And then David, back to you. In terms of the commentary about material profits, we're now closing in on 2017. You added some language in the shareholder letter about mature process, again, in 2017 and continuing to grow from there. Could you add any numbers to that in terms of what material profits actually means? How we should think about that next year and in coming years?
David Wells: Well, we added some numbers in Q3 and in our guide for Q4, so you're starting to see that operating margin grow and the operating profit and we're growing both revenue and operating margin. So you're starting to see that grow already, but it will grow more and more materially next year and forward. So I think as we are able to reduce our international losses, we don't have another set of territories that we're launching next year. And as we're able to grow both margin and revenue in the U.S., you're seeing that lift out, but we'll have more specifics to say in Q1 in terms of providing some more guidance on that.
Ben Swinburne: Dave, let me just pick up on that since we're talking about sort of the financial outlook. It looks like this year I think you guys are guiding to about $1.5 billion of free cash burn, which is higher than we were before. I mean, we could talk about what's driving that variance? And then as you look to next year, $6 billion of content amortization is a 20% growth rate year-on-year versus 50% this year. So we're seeing the content cost grow slow, yet if we look at content obligation, which are over a billion sequentially or your free cash flow guidance, I think it used to be similar next year to this year. The gap seems to be widening between amortization and cash, so maybe just talk about what's driving that, if I have that right?
David Wells: Yes a little bit right, correct, a few points in there, but I would say our former sort of guidance for free cash flow was around a negative $1 billion, $1.2 billion. Now we're saying $1.5 billion for this year. It's a little -it's uncertain next year what that number might be. But I'd be surprised if it grows on a quarterly basis. So I would say as we're able to raise operating income, we'll be able to fund more of that organically. So we should be able to take more of that inside in terms of - and reduce our free cash flow. But I want to give some level room for the scale of the business. If we're successful and if we grow faster than we expect, then we could expand our content even more than what we consider we would do today. So there's a little bit of matching that to the scale growth of the business. How successful we are, how big the business we are growing internationally. And I would say in terms of the commitment number that number is up to 14.2 from the 13s before. And that has a lot to do with the expansion of our originals, our licensed originals and our international. So we launched the Rest of the World in January this year. e continue to add content to all of our international markets as well, so we're seeing that grow. I would expect that to somewhat moderate in the 18- to 24-month period as we go forward. We don't have another international launch to layer on to that. But we are expanding the business so you've got two forces that are sort of counteracting each other. But in terms of our
Reed Hastings: Ted May be you can go through it a little bit when we do the self-produced content like Stranger Things, all the advantages to it for the business, despite the increased use of cash.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, absolutely. I think when we see something like Stranger Things come across, there's the Simple One, which is it doesn't come with the studio markup it's attached to it. That is just purely expenses not on screen and the other is much, much more flexibility in terms of the rights that we have and the rights  and how we contain to exploit and how we continue to maintain exclusivity, but we're not seeing the content against our wishes going to other markets in the syndication, in DVD and others. And we're able to produce it at a very high-quality and also much more efficiently. So to the extent that we can do that, while it does require more cash up front to fund the development process versus a studio who'd take that on, we find it's a great trade-off for cash.
Reed Hastings: And to reconcile back to your question, some of that was already reflected in our forecasting and in our guidance. But I would say, as we get better and we sort of exercise that muscle of our own production, more of that is reflected in our pipeline. So you're seeing that number, that 1.2 number float up to up to 1.5.
Ben Swinburne: And Ted, there was a comment in the letter where you were talking about your recent acquisitions like Quantico and Designated Survivor. We've talked about ensuring early financing. So just kind of connect David's point, are you talking about providing early financing to studio partners in exchange for better windowing globally? Was that what that comment's related to that's impacting the free cash flow timing?
Ted Sarandos: Nothing that has been done to date. It's basically just setting the table, there's a bunch of other different ways that you can get involved as a production partner with our studio partners versus a second window buyer. And some of that would include securing financing rather than having the studios continue to pursue deficit finance models.
Scott Devitt: Got it. 600 hours of original content in 2016 is going through 1,000 hours in 2017. I think David, you recently said at a conference, that you're about 1/3 to 1/2 of the way to the 50-50 split between original and third-party content. Where would that 1,000 hours put you in 2017.
David Wells: Well, it's a combination of Ted and I, so I'll pass it to Ted in a second, but I would say, we don't have a target. The 50 - my comment about 50% was more sort of grounding people towards the earlier comments that we made about 20% or 30%. So I'd say we like what we see in terms of the engagement on our originals so we're continuing to expand them. And so we're going to keep growing that. We don't have a magic target there that we're trying to hit. It's more about continued expansion and that mix of our content, being more of originals and less of licensing, but we're still expanding both licensing content is still expanding. Ted, if you want to add to that?
Ted Sarandos: I will say, I would just say, to your point, the licensed business, while as a percentage of business will shrink as an absolute number it will continue to grow for the next couple of years. And there isn't a magic target to David's point. What we want to do this, have really great compelling and differentiated programming for our members and we there through original programming when we do it successfully. So we just want to keep steering the business that way.
Scott Devitt: And do you have any targets for the original content that is produced by your own studio in terms of the ratio that is ultimately produced by your own studio versus licensed originals?
Ted Sarandos: No, similarly, what we're trying not to do is get trapped in the business model to making creative choices, meaning that sometimes someone else owns the IP, and you want to do it right by the viewer by giving them great things to watch, and the only way to do that is do it through a third-party licensed deal. Our financial preference of course, is to produce it through our studios, and when that opportunity will continue to present itself, we're going to increasingly do that as well. But we're not locking into a formula of how much of the programming should be self-produced versus third-party license.
David Wells: Exactly.
Ben Swinburne: Ted, let's just stick with you here for a minute on the content side. Stranger Things and the Get Down, interesting content examples over the summer that got a lot of attention. I believe the Get Down was quite expensive. Didn't seem to get the same size audience as Stranger Things, which I believe was less expensive and attractive economics. Why when you look at the Get Down, is that a good investment for you given the ticket size? And I think you've renewed it for a second season, what is that doing for your business that people might be saying oh the popular price is missing?
Ted Sarandos: Well, it's still to come. It's the second half of the first season, so that's still coming up. We're excited about how it got started. Yes, it's an expensive piece of television, mostly because it's a very large-scale cinematic. The reason why films work around the world is that a kind of attractiveness. So we're still seeing how it's going to unfold for first season, and all of the shows land at a different level of noise in the press and probably depending on what circles you run in, whether or not your friends are talking about it. But we're really very excited about how the show's been performing, particularly in the quarter where we had four shows that turned out to be kind of big event programs for us.
Ben Swinburne: And you've commented before that sort of output deals and Pay 1 deals from a timing perspective are suboptimal, but at the same time, you said really nice things about Disney's product over the years and how they work on your platform. How is the Pay 1 deal performing versus expectations? Are you happy with it? I believe it is a relatively short term deals? You'd like to do more of over time with Disney?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, look I think it's - we expected it to be very popular content and it's turning out to be. So Zootopia was the first really high profile film to come through, and it's performing in huge numbers because it's great kids viewing, beyond being great movie viewing. And the Disney brand are different from any other studio can deliver that kind of tentpole kids programming that the family loves and as long as it continues to perform at those levels, we'd look to expand it with Disney. But I don't think any other studio really can match that output and match those economics and therefore deliver that viewing. So we're going to still look opportunistically. Our films are available for that window. But really continue to put energy behind our original film initiative as well.
Reed Hastings: And in some countries, we have the Disney movie output, Australia, Canada, U.S., but in other countries like in the U.K. we lost the bidding to Sky about two years ago. So it really varies by market. We're one of the bidders and we hope to over time, be one of the biggest bidders so they choose us, but it really does vary by market.
Ted Sarandos: Thank you.
Scott Devitt: Reed, it's been speculated in the media that downloading off-line viewing may become available on Netflix by the end of 2016. Can you provide any insights or clarity on that speculation?
Reed Hastings: Yes, well we said this year is we're open to it. It's something we're looking at. But we have nothing more specific to offer.
Scott Devitt: And then secondly, password sharing in the U.S., you have plans in place that limit that. Just interested still in the enforcement of password sharing in the U.S. in terms of limiting that currently and in the future and then similarly with VPN networks within the international business, your views of that in terms of accessing content outside of countries that have certain geographic rights?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we've been very successful at finding technological ways of inhibiting the cross-border VPNs, which is roughly like I had mentioned, we didn't win the bidding for the Disney movies in the U.K. so it's clearly not fair to rule out our U.K. subscribers to watch the Disney movies from Canada to the U.S. And so we found with the help of the studio, some more technology that enforced their rights. We tried to get global rights for everything, like How To Get Away With Murder from ABC, because then it's available to everyone, which is clearly what consumers want. In terms of the - what was the other question you had?
Scott Devitt: Password sharing.
Reed Hastings: No plans on making any changes there. Password sharing is something you have to learn to live with because there's so much legitimate password sharing, like with sharing with your spouse, with your kids. So there's no bright line and we're doing fine as is.
Ben Swinburne: Reed, just sticking with the theme of Disney, Bob Iger made some interesting comments a couple of weeks ago, talking about how his bountiful group list of brands ABC, Pixar, Marvel, may not be enough in the future and that distribution, figuring out distribution was important. Do you have any reaction to that? Because it seemed to be aimed at over the top and he does have a relationship with Hulu, which is a potential  a competitor or may be a bigger competitor over time, but do you have any reactions to those comments?
Reed Hastings: No, I mean they have a great strategy. They've got Hulu. They've got the Major League Baseball initiative and they bought some of that. And then of course, they've got Disney Life, which they operate in a number of countries. So it makes a ton of sense for them to be growing on the OTT side and to figure that out as it does for us to do content. And I think you'll see more - you saw CBS All Access in the last two years, really become a big focus for CBS. So it's just a continuation of that theme.
Ben Swinburne: And Ted, just somewhat related here, I realize this is a hypothetical, but access to content is a big debate for Netflix. And I'm curious if you thought being part of a larger media company would inhibit your ability to acquire content from others in the industry who are competitors to that kind of a company?
Ted Sarandos: Like I said in previous quarters, this kind of frenemy model has existed for decades in television where competing studios produce for one another constantly. And it's really the question I think that our suppliers want to make when they're making decisions around their expansion over the top is, can they make better returns selling to Netflix or building their own thing? And that's both a long-term and a short-term question and currently hypothetical.
Ben Swinburne: Right, thank you.
Scott Devitt: Reed, just following up on competitor comments, Jeff Bezos recently made a comment that possibly Amazon video could be the fourth pillar of Amazon's business and I was just wondering how you think about, you have such an extensive lead in this global build out. How do you think about Amazon long-term as a competitor and Mr. Bezos' comments there?
Reed Hastings: Well, we think about it as share of screen time. And when people are doing other things with their screens be they mobile or television screens, they're not doing Netflix. So Snapchat, YouTube, Facebook video, all of that is it takes a lot of hours, probably much more so than Amazon. But there are so many competitors out there for screen time than we win today. Such a small percentage of total screen time bit moves by specific competitors are unlikely to have a material effect. What affects us is, can we continue to win affection? And that's through doing all of this incredible content through expanding globally, having all those rights be global eventually, so those are the things we're focused on.
Scott Devitt: Okay and David, you commented in the letter about going to market for acquiring more debt in the coming weeks. You also mentioned at a conference recently that you thought the business was under levered. You mentioned a 5%, I think debt to cap ratio. How do you think about debt longer-term in terms of what that looks like and how you think about it is it net debt-to-EBITDA or otherwise?
David Wells: Yes, my comments at the Goldman Sachs conference about a 20% debt rate or a long-term optimization and cost to capital. I don't think we're talking about by the end of the year, getting to a 20% leverage ratio. So just to talk about sort of a shorter term or a medium-term, we would be looking to raise as needed in terms of funding our content expansion. So we've been pretty clear along the year that we would go-to-market sometime this year to add a modest amount of debt to the balance sheet. And then do that on a recurring basis as needed to fund our content expansion. So, over time though, we anticipate that we could get and would optimize our cost of capital up to a 20% leverage ratio. And we're talking about a debt to market cap at that point, but I think we will be closer to an EBITDA basis as well because the business is growing and operating income and EBITDA.
Ben Swinburne: David, you guys recently localized your first batch of Rest of World markets. I believe it was Poland and Turkey and it sounds like it's been successful in driving growth in those markets. I guess the obvious question would be, why not move faster on localization? You've got a lot of recent Rest of World launches. Is that a cost benefit analysis or human bandwidth sort of throttle? What is keeping you from moving quicker? And what's the right pace for us to think about 2017?
David Wells: Damn it, move faster, I think it's a quality abstract right? In terms of we want to make sure that we have an eye towards quality as well. We had a couple of rough blog entries about some of our localization and subtitling in some markets and we pay attention to those. So we're moving as quickly as we can, being methodical and thoughtful about those opportunities to localize. And yes, we are pleased with both Poland and Turkey in terms of those impacts. It makes sense that people want to consume in their language and so it's not going to make sense to localize in a super small territory. But for the larger territories, it's going to make sense and then even for the medium-sized territories. We'll get there eventually. I think it's just a matter of sequencing.
Ben Swinburne: And just to come back to maybe more of the short-term. You had talked earlier this year, about Australia and New Zealand being a difficult comp, I do believe in Q2. You've called out in letter Q4 comp of Spain, Portugal, Italy. Is there any way to kind of put that fourth quarter comp and the second quarter comp in some kind of context, just maybe a thing in the order of magnitude?
David Wells: Well again, back to Reed's earlier comments about for competitive reasons we don't talk specifics about our markets and I probably wouldn't. But I would say that there is a harvesting of the NAND initially when we launched in the market. It is that first launch quarter that we tend to have higher net additions and then that moderates over time and just sort of a run rate that's a little bit more normalized. We have the same thing going on that we highlighted in Q1 where we have Rest of World in the first quarter of this year, was a large number. And when I look at Wall Street's estimates for Q1, they're higher I think they're not taking that into account, so we wanted to call that out so that folks had the benefit of anticipating that.
Ben Swinburne: Any other Wall Street estimates that you'd like to call out?
David Wells: Just growing operating income and just the fact that I think Q1 was a little high relative to our expectations.
Ben Swinburne: Got you, thank you.
Scott Devitt: Ted, as you look at localized content and new markets how easy or difficult is it to find the talent in those markets to produce the content? How successful have you been there? And along that same topic, how do you think about some of these newer markets in terms of how much of that content ultimately, will need to be localized to create that S-curve inflection in some of the markets that were launched in 2016?
Ted Sarandos: So, in terms of successes to date, Club de Cuervos our first Mexican original was quite successful and we're getting ready to bring out the second season. Marseille for our French customers, not only successful in France but successful throughout Europe and got a significant amount of watching in the United States subtitled and dubbed in English. So we're continuing to push. It's not degrees of difficulty it is just a matter of understanding the production community and the local tastes and who's working and making great films in those markets in some cases and are anxious to make the migration to television that they've been seeing happening in the U.S. So it's difficult in terms of not being on the ground they're usually. But I think we're making trade-offs in terms of the company culture to travel our folks into territory, get to know the folks in the markets, work with the best and brightest filmmakers and television creators, and bring their shows to the global markets through Netflix. And in terms of localizing for taste, in many parts of the world, U.S. content or English-speaking content localized into local languages has been incredibly successful. In some places where tastes run much more local like Japan, like India, we're certain that will take more of a local approach in terms of licensing and producing more local language content there as well. But I think over time that the taste will fall into line with the kind of desire to see the big spectacular shows that people are talking about around the world no matter where you are.
Scott Devitt: And maybe you can give us some color on [indiscernible] Cable Girls, in terms of being content that may spread beyond their home market?
Ted Sarandos: Yes absolutely, what we tried to do, we're producing, as to Reed's point, we're producing showing now, that are just going into production literally today called Dark in Germany. It is with quite a successful filmmaker whose films have traveled around the world. We've been in the business of buying though films from those filmmakers and making them travel around the world for years. So I think that will continue with the move into multi-episodic series as well. So we get that scale advantage of being able to take a German show that the German audiences will be very excited about and we know that, that will expand throughout Europe and that we've been really great at finding audiences even in the U.S. in subtitles and dubs, which has been really a niche business for most people, but very mainstream numbers for us.
Scott Devitt: Going back to David's comment about the difficult first quarter comp internationally. You had 130 markets that launched at the beginning of 2016, so it's obvious what the comp issue is. But also in your business, you have that initial wave, but then you have things like localized content, awareness and other factors that actually drive as an example in the Latin American market that inflection that happened two to three years after the initial launch. So as we look at 1Q 2017, and then think about the 130 new markets, how do we think about that initial bump relative to the potential of these new markets actually beginning to really kick in throughout the year in 2017?
David Wells: Well, as you say, they do - one is going positive in terms of growth and one is negative in terms of initial launch. And what I was trying to call out without actually providing our Q1 guidance in January was back in January of this year, which I tried to moderate the estimates or the expectations coming out of our global launch, we had a very successful launch. In Q1, we had a lot of demand associated with that launch that started moderating into Q2. And I think people saw the success of Q1, and really raised their numbers in Q2and trying to get a little bit ahead of that in the sense that we had a very successful launch in Q1 of this year that is going to be very difficult to replicate. Some of that was pent-up demand and we're not going to be able to do that. That's not to say that many of our other markets are growing in terms of growth. It's just right now, in terms of what we see that large launch is going to overwhelm some of the growth of the other markets. So we still like what we're seeing in those markets. We're growing year-on-year in some moderate. We've had very different, a wide variety of results across markets. We've had markets that slowed down and then accelerate in growth. So if you abstract that I think the general trend is the world is embracing Internet television and we're riding on a very strong kind of tailwind of technological change. And that is definitely intact.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Ben Swinburne: David, any color on how the 2014 markets are ramping or at least France and Germany in particular, I think there has been some concern in the marketplace that France isn't going well, I think you closed an office there and in Germany Amazon seems to be doing quite well? So can you just talk about how the model may or may not be working in those 2014 markets?
David Wells: Let me disconnect one thing there, in terms that we did choose to consolidate some of our French staff into our Amsterdam staff, but that had nothing to do with the market whether the market was growing or not. That had everything to do with the synergy of communication and how the teams are working together. And then in terms of the other markets gain we dont say much specifically about our markets for competitive reasons, but you would have to take my earlier comment about the fact that we saw very broad sort of outperformance relative to expectations in this quarter or in Q3, that would be inclusive of those markets. So I think we're pleased with how things are going.
Ben Swinburne: Great, shifting gears back to you Ted, you hired, hope I am pronouncing this right, Bela Bajaria from NBC recently and one of her mandates is unscripted. So I'm just wondering is unscripted going from something that you have a couple of bets in, which is something more strategic for you when you think about 600 hours to 1,000, how much is unscripted driving growth? Is it a material part of the plan for next year, and why?
Ted Sarandos: It is not a material part for next year, but I imagine it could be a growth  it will be growing over the next several years. It's been  it's an area viewing that people around the world in joy. The content travels well. It is efficient to produce. The current sources of second window unscripted programming are under a great deal of pressure from the cable operators not to sell their content off of their own universe because many of the episodes seemed to be interchangeable. So being able to have a good steady flow of high-quality unscripted program is something we want to focus on because I think we can do it well and efficiently and may be elevated in a way that it would travel even more than it does today.
Ben Swinburne: And just if I can follow up quickly on unscripted. It would seem to be not obvious for the on-demand binging consumption model. But maybe you've had some experience so far with some your talk stuff or your comedies that maybe suggested is, I dont know what can you tell us about that?
Ted Sarandos: There is certainly some benefits from the scale off of those shows, but our ability to producing maybe we have a lot of data and a lot of not a lot of data and a lot of content that gets watched and what travels and what doesn't, what gets repeated and what doesn't and it gives us a higher degree of confidence today than we had a couple of years ago and our ability or even desire to produce at the space, but it is a segmented programming. We keep opening up new segments of programming, the way we did with talk shows last year. The way we will in the first quarter with Ultimate BeastMaster, our first competition show. So we're pressing into some new areas of the business all the time to bring new, unique, elevated and differentiated program into our members.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Scott Devitt: Reed, investors get caught up a lot in the 60 million to 90 million household number in the U.S. and as an indicator or predictor for success in international markets, overtime, if you can do it in the U.S., you can do it internationally, and if you can't, you can't. You're running a little north of 4 million subscribers in 2016 from 5 million in 2015. How do you think about that business in terms of the trajectory in over say, the next 1, 3, 5 years in terms of how many subs that you can put on the business in the U.S. on an annual basis?
Reed Hastings: You know we have to take it year-by-year. It depends on how well we execute. Do we have more Stranger Things where it breaks through and everyone feels like they got to get in, Luke Cage, Get Down, Narcos. We have a show coming The Crown that some of our most impressive television I have ever seen and so I think November 4, when you ask yourself about 60 million to 90 million, when you watch that show, it's going to seem quite achievable. But it's all hangs on how well we execute and we're just going to work really hard on that front.
Scott Devitt: And following along those lines in terms of the relevance of content to drive subscribers given that that's why subscribers watch the shows on Netflix, on a P&L basis anyway, the growth in content spend has begun to very much leverage relative to the growth in the digital revenue stream. And Im just wondering, as we look at that in 2017 over 2016, and then 2018, 2019 and 2020, is that something that we can expect to continue into the future? Is there a point in time at some level of spend at which you think you've built a complete enough portfolio that, that leverage actually significantly accelerates?
Reed Hastings: No, we'll keep investing in growing the content spend even domestically for quite a long time. We see an ability to continue to please consumers with a wide range of content. And so I think if you're trying to model the business long-term, you should think of content and how it's viewed and brand love always continuing up in the U.S. and internationally for a long time. I mean, I'll take two more questions, one from each of you.
Ben Swinburne: Great, I know we beat un-grandfathering to death last quarter, but if I can come back one more time before I sign off. David, you had talked last quarter about elevated churn even among members that were not seeing a price increase. And I think this quarter you talked about churn being generally in line with expectations. I just want to see if you had any color on that piece the un-grandfathering noise continued to elevate churn? And then I'll just ask my followup. On the fourth quarter, just want to confirm the only un-grandfathering that we have left is the $1cohort is that  is that accurate?
David Wells: It's accurate on the last one. We have some sort of older generation devices that are difficult to message as well, so I think that defines sort of the last few cohorts the people left. And then back to your sort of primarily question in terms of what did we see in the quarter relative to our expectations and relative to prior quarters and actuals? I would say, I mentioned earlier in the interview, that we still see some effect from the un-grandfathering. So there is a bit of an overhang from the price change. It's starting to fade, and we expect that to continue to fade but we do think there's opportunity to improve that going forward in terms of next year.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Scott Devitt: Reed, last one an open-ended question. You've talked a lot historically about the opportunities in Internet TV and have been very right in terms of the direction that the industry has gone with where you're business is now, I was wondering if you can just share some updated views in terms of the way you think the industry progresses over the next 5, 10, 20 years in terms of what wins and what loses?
Reed Hastings: Well we generally think of the growth of Internet TV like the growth of the mobile phone, that is fixed line telephony was an amazing invention, 100 years of development and brought incredible benefits to society and the same thing is true with linear TV. It's been an amazing innovation, but the age of linear is starting to fade and it's going to be replaced by Internet. And those firms like the BBC or CBS, that's doing all access that's invest heavily, I think will move into the future on Internet consumption. I think you'll see Internet growth generally more broadband kind of fiber optic to every village and town. Those general trend lines, the growth both of YouTube-type advertising supported services, Facebook video, Snapchat. So you're just going to see these new scenarios everywhere. And eventually, movies and TV shows will be global, ubiquitous, some amazing budgets. So I think you have to think big about the future. We're closing in on 100 million members, but I remind everyone at Netflix that Facebook and YouTube have 1 billion daily actives. And so, in many parts, we are just so small compared to those other Internet video firms and we have a lot of catch-up to do and that's again investing in our content and making it globally interesting and compelling which we're working on. So there's a lot out there. But we only just have to take it year by year, and it's tremendous fun inventing the future.
Operator:
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
David Wells: Thank you, gentlemen.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Chief Executive Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus
David Wells: Welcome to the Q2 2016 Netflix Earnings Call. I am David Wells, CFO. I am joined today on the company side by our CEO, Reed Hastings and dialing in remotely are Chief Content Officer, Ted Sarandos. Interviewing us today will be Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley and Scott Devitt from Stifel Nicolaus. And I think Ben, you have the first question. 
Q - Ben Swinburne: Yes, thank you. Reed, I am sure we're going to spend a lot of time on the quarter and the long-term outlook, but I wondering if you could just give us a sense what gives you confidence that the churn the shortfall in the quarter was really driven by confusion among members around the price increases or the un-grandfathering versus other factors for example content, or competition and any color you might have on voluntary versus non-voluntary churn. Anything you can help us put some color around whats happened versus your expectations.
Reed Hastings: Im getting a lot of echo, Ted may be you can mute or something. Lets see you asked a question why are we confident at this explanation. Well, the obvious explanations other than this are competition, which we're pretty confident is not a factor because we got this slight uptick in churn in multiple countries the same week and of course thats not a competitive signature including Canada where many of the other SVOD services dont operate as a separate set, Crave and Shomi that operate in Canada. So thats why were pretty confident its not competition and then again if it was saturation, what we would be seeing is hit to gross ads more than we would in terms of churn. So, other possible explanations were that we did something on our service, around that week, but weve looked at everything and the fact that its coincident with that Google trend data we included really indicates that people dont like price increases, we know that. Its a necessary phase for us to get through and then with the increased revenue, were continuing to invest in better and better content. So thats what makes us feel very strong and positive about the long-term and that this is a short term phenomenon.
Ben Swinburne: And David just as a follow-up, when you put the third quarter guidance together, are you assuming that this churn throughout the entire base remains elevated or have you seen that initial April churn subside and really what were looking at is just the impact from the -- on the actual un-grandfathering, which you talk about in the letter being in line with expectations?
David Wells: Ben, were assuming that it persists. So we might be wrong on that in terms of it relenting a bit or gets better, but so far weve seen it sort of persist through the second quarter and into the early part of the third, so were assuming that persists into Q3 and maybe into Q4 as we continue to un-grandfather. And just a cautionary, the usual customary language I realize I sort of went straight to your question, but we will be making forward-looking statements in this call and actual results may vary, but we'll go back to our regular questions.
Scott Devitt: Thanks. This is Scott Devitt. Reed, just wondering if the effects of the un-grandfathering have any longer term ramifications in terms of how you think of pricing power on the platform globally?
Reed Hastings: Not at the time. Were continuing to improve the content, which is the fundamental driver of value for subscribers, how much they watch, how unique the content is, how exclusive it is. Were going to continue to improve and again with new members we havent seen any effect we change prices to our 8, 10 and 12 last October and we've had a couple of quarters of great growth on the gross add side. So I think this is really around change resistance, whatever the price is for something people dont like it to go up. But in terms of new members, which is most of what drives growth, the new pricing is working great.
Scott Devitt: And in terms of, for David, in terms of the timing the links that you provided to Google Trends, I think the uptick started the week of April 3, so as the 3rd for the '16 that pre-dated when you gave earnings last quarter, what was the response? Was it immediate in terms of the uptick in inquiry volume and interest or was it somewhat delayed.
David Wells: Well, lets keep in mind Ben or Scott that the -- what we're talking about is a very small change, right, but because of the large base a small change can result in 300,000 subscribers, which is the miss that we had on domestic resulting, but we did see it, weve learned through in the past not to overreact to immediate trend changes. So it was a swing factor when we were discussing Q2 and into Q3 even and trying to shift through what might affect us in the quarter. We saw a little bit of it, but it was very right before we set earnings and we were on this call three months ago. And so we felt it was a small factor, but it did persist through the quarter and thats one of the major driver of the lower year-on-year growth and also the lower growth versus expectations.
Scott Devitt: And just sticking on the theme for around churn with another question, David, what are you seeing with the un-grandfathering members as they face different pricing options? I know you tested a lot over the last couple of months, what are you seeing in terms of their choices and how does that impact your ARPU expectation and when should we -- when will the grandfathering process be finished in the U.S.? Is that something in the fourth quarter, any help there would be great.
David Wells: Yeah. It finishes in the fourth quarter. So it finishes about mid way through, toward the end of November and then in terms of their choices especially around planned mix whether they choose the high plan or the low plan, its as we expected. So we continue to see folks choose the lower plan and some smaller increments in the higher plan and some increments. So, our expectations of ASP growth are still there about consistent. What we're talking about is the population that it didnt face an immediate grandfathering choice, thats the part that was a bit of surprise to us and continues to persist.
Scott Devitt: And does any of your data suggest you're seeing anything interesting around members that were inactive or may be membership sharing as a result of the pricing changes?
Reed Hastings: No, on both counts, so.
Scott Devitt: Okay.
Ben Swinburne: And this question may have been addressed in the letter given that you gave un-grandfathering commentary around international as well, but would be interested if you could just talk through your expectations for existing markets versus new markets and where you beat and missed?
David Wells: Sure, lets see. I would say that we -- the trend was across multiple markets and as we put in the letter, it was in markets that are more highly penetrated and less highly penetrated. Thats why we think it is about the sort of pricing talk that was affected, but in addition to that, we would say that our newer markets have an expectation of multiyear growth. So, we know that weve got our work cut out for us and then we hit a point where were not adding on any new additional markets, but we are going to be seeing periods of accelerated growth and decelerated growth and weve seen that in the past for some markets pick up and then moderate and then pick up again and I think thats what we saw in this quarter and forward. We're indicating that weve got multi years, just like we have in Latin America to build that market to where it is, has taken us four or five years at this point to get it there.
Scott Devitt: And Reed you - I am sorry.
Reed Hastings: Weve seen in new markets in Asia, Central Eastern Europe thats significantly different from early Latin America. It paints a pretty similar picture at least for these first six months.
Scott Devitt: And Reed you reiterated the $60 million to $90 million in the U.S. We would be interested if you could add some color in terms of where you think the friction points are if its content portfolio, competition or those being the two most significant where you see sources of friction and what gives you confidence still in that range?
Reed Hastings: I dont think there really is any friction. Smart TVs are continuing to sell. Everyone is using Internet video and Internet television more and more. You see the rise of these virtual MVPDs. All of these things are building out the Internet ecosystem and I dont see why 10, 20 years from now, why every American household isnt subscribing to Netflix except for maybe competition. So weve got to stay on our toes on that basis, but think about entertainment and pay television are pretty ubiquitous. So in the Internet video, thats a pretty big bet thats continuing to pay off. So you put those two forces together and thats why we feel so good about the long-term in this market.
Scott Devitt: I want to just ask a little bit more about the guidance David, last quarter you called out the comp versus Australia, which was I think a bigger one or a tougher one than we all understood, when you look at third quarter I think you have Japan and then fourth quarter Southern Europe, could you just maybe put those at least in relative context versus Q2, so we can think about what those headwinds may or may not look like?
David Wells: Sure. There is always a headwind when we've had a prior launch of a large market or a market like Australia where we saw strong initial uptake. In terms of that moderating, youve got a lot of pent-up demand that then sort of reverts to a more normal pattern over time. That can take several quarters, it can take two quarters. Weve seen different experiences by market. So I would say Japan was a pent-up market in some respects and then starts to moderate, so that does factor into the comp. And some of our other markets maybe experiencing flat or even down year on growth, its just a mixture across that, but like I said, weve seen markets that have decelerated then pickup again and accelerate. So collectively across all of our basket of investments in markets, we think there is a large long-term opportunity that were going to optimize against and we know that weve got work cut out for some of our newer markets, that will take time to get there.
Scott Devitt: And just want to ask you about the Olympics and where youre factoring that in or how youre factoring that into your guidance, you mentioned gross additions remain healthy, which at least to me sounds like flat to up, but Ill let you comment if you choose, are you assuming that impact the gross adds and if so, is it a U.S. phenomenon or a global phenomenon in the third quarter?
David Wells: It would be global and so back -- youre correctly surmising that gross adds, you can say roughly in line year-on-year and so with an assumption of a hit from the Olympics, which largely affects us in the past on gross adds where our new subscribers coming in, thats going to affect in terms of a year-over-year trend. We expect that to be a meaningful small, but still meaningful impact on the quarter, negative impact.
Ben Swinburne: You havent announced the X1 the XFINITY deal with Comcast and was without a timeline. I was wondering if you could give any clarity in terms of timing and then more broadly how you think about MVPD in the U.S. as a driver of subscribers in the way that years ago getting on to consoles and other devices actually led to an acceleration in growth?
Reed Hastings: Sure. Were very excited about the X1 integration. Its scheduled for the second half of this year. So it will be between now and the end of the year and really were focused on getting the integration points very smooth and the Comcast engineers are doing great work on it. So look for it later this year. It will help modestly, again were more penetrated than we were before. So I dont know that it has big breakthrough because many of those households, Comcast households now have a Smart TV or have a Roku, but it will certainly help and from a user perspective to just live on the Comcast remote and to be able to stay on that input as opposed to having the switch inputs is a great thing for them and then the integration I think youll be pleased with. So all of those is one more positive force for us coming later this year.
Ben Swinburne: And then secondly maybe for Reed or Ted, the Disney deal is coming soon with content supposedly launching in September, how much of a factor is that in guidance; how significant do you think that content launches from Disney will be for the business?
Ted Sarandos: Well keep in mind they're U.S.-only, the deal and those films are I think they're very important for watching and distinguishing Netflix as a different destination for parents because we'll have all the Disney movies, all the Lucas Movies, all the Pixar Movies and which distinguishes us separately, but I think its just great high quality watching, but the movies is there about 10 months old. So we dont expect them to drive a lot of new subscribers, but we do expect it to drive a lot of customer joy.
Reed Hastings: And they come in one at a time. So you dont get the whole load of movies for example that are coming on to Stars this summer. Those will stay with Stars for the 18-month window. So it will build up over the first 12 to 18 months.
Ben Swinburne: When we think about the next 12 to 18 months or 24 months for the company, it would seem that the Olympics as well as the un-grandfathering are to some extent onetime events. And so as we think about 2017, I know you guys dont give guidance out that far, but Im just wondering if it makes sense to assume that churn, the churn impact from the stuff rolls off and maybe the churn continues to decline the way it has been organically over the last several years across the service, certainly at least if you're successful around the original programming. I just want to give you opportunity to talk about what the business looks like as you come out of this multiple headwind period here over the next couple of quarters.
Reed Hastings: Well let's see, in the individual market we would expect it to be as you said, we would expect it to return to its normal patterns and it continue to improve, as we expand throughout Asia and Central Eastern Europe, the overall global may be a different number because those as new territories will be more high churn, but fundamentally I think your analysis is right, which is there is some short-term headwinds for this year. And then looking at the broad growth of Internet television, which is continuing to be very positive and then thats offset by competitors getting better, but that hasnt seemed to affect us in any of these markets. So, I wouldnt anticipate because all of the online competitors together we're competing against the linear hours and there are still so much linear hours to see that that there would be any material change competitively around the world.
Ben Swinburne: Great, and just on the rest of world markets, you mentioned I think Poland and Turkey in the letter, you also mentioned being economically prudent, maybe you can just spend a minute on how youre thinking about these localization efforts what that even means and why the pace is what it is for that part of the business here over the next couple of quarters.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, its a small additional investment in any market to localize it's subtitling and some dubbing across thousands of titles. It's localizing the service the different apps and then it's doing local language marketing and so were just taking our time one by one. The whole advantage of going broad in January was to increase our rate of learning. So, we wouldnt have picked out Poland and Turkey in the absence of any knowledge, but now we can clearly see positive trends we're starting with those and we'll continue to roll out improvements in other markets again as we see that the content is forming a great match with the society and continuing to work on that content.
David Wells: And just around out Ben, Reed, some of the factors we could do partner deals in certain countries, we could do local payment options and so those are the ones that we're referring to or depend on the economic prudence like the size of the opportunity in those areas.
Scott Devitt: Ted, youve previously given aspiration of mix of 50% original versus acquired content, could you talk a bit about where you feel you will be in 2016 and whether 50-50 for the right next long term.
Ted Sarandos: Long term, I think thats certainly a probable mix may be even a conservative one, but I think the growth of those original films, series, series for kids, documentaries, have proven to be great investments in terms of their efficiency relative to other high profile content that we license, which is encouraging us. I think it's made our rest of world launch possible by having content that people want to see in markets where we havent yet operated. And it certainly helps in terms of the complexity of global licensing. So we want to keep pushing it and weve also been able to manage very high quality at the same time of doing very high volume. So, we put in the letter but weve had 17 of our original film specials and series nominated for Emmy Awards, 54 Emmys this year. So weve gotten and add 33 for our kids programming and we've been able to manage both volume and quality pretty well so, thats really encouraged us to keep pushing.
Scott Devitt: And it will be 600 hours of new content in 2016.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, I expect that it will surpass that pretty comfortably.
Scott Devitt: Weve thought about the business longer term in terms of how much content can you actually put on the service before you no longer need to add content. The question is as it relates to original specifically is that a fair way to think about it when trying to think through longer term content obligations?
Ted Sarandos: Yeah definitely. I think as we -- our appetite for licensing off net decreases with our appetite to increase our originals volume and as long as the customers are happy with the transition it encourages us to being aggressive in that space.
David Wells: And Scott, weve been able to expand our contribution margin in the U.S. and we intend to reduce international losses, which would imply that were able to grow revenue faster than our content spend internationally, but we would like to do both. The advantage of our global distribution platform to the extent that we can find content that appeals broadly, there is an advantage and scale there in terms of distributing it. So we would love to continue to expand that content spend and also to drive some to profit as we go. We think we can do both.
Reed Hastings: And I would just add real quick, one of the most positive developments from our original programming has been today an original show from Netflix can be just as attractive as a show from any network in the United States, when licensing for territories around the world. So it would lead you what were doing licensing first window for some titles in some countries and second window for global that were finding is this that when we're launching our new original series, there is a huge appetite for them around the world.
David Wells: And Scott I think it somewhat depends when you ask how much content is enough and whether you think of it as trying to attract a 100 million members where were now or whether you think of it as trying to attract a billion members like Facebook or YouTube are at today on the Internet. So it just depends upon the size of your aspirations and as we accomplish one goal of course, our aspirations grow. So I think youll see content continuing to grow essentially forever.
Scott Devitt: Reed just going back to Internet TV as a segment and some of the initiatives there, how do you think about what we -- really think this new Hulu product is going to look like which is lets just assume its the best of cable plus a fairly robust on-demand offering, how do you think that impacts your business in the U.S. one way or the other if theyre successful?
Reed Hastings: I dont think -- well we havent seen impact from existing Hulu if there is a new cable system thats better. Sling TV is in the market today and our penetration among Sling TV users is quite high. So think of that as cable getting better MVPD getting better and Hulu is a potential example of that, if the reports are correct.
Scott Devitt: And Ted when you think about your relationship with the owners of Hulu, particularly Disney who is a critical supplier of yours globally, are you worried that theyre going to start making an effort to deliver more content to Hulu versus Netflix? We noticed Disney did a deal for some kids programming during the second quarter and FOX has already made some pretty big shifts towards Hulu from an SVOD perspective. How do you feel about your relationship with those companies in the context of this Hulu launch?
Ted Sarandos: Well the relationship remain very strong. We continue to do business with every studio, every network in every territory. They're in the business of selling their content to the highest bidder. So I dont -- Im not concerned that they would sell it for less to Hulu than they would to us because they have participation problems with the talent that they have to work through. Now theyve made a good position where if they really were to take that position and buy everybody out for everything that would meaningfully change the economics of those network studios. So Im pretty confident that were going to -- that it will be business as usual with the networks and studios.
Scott Devitt: Thank you. Ted, in terms of local originals understanding that every market will be different, can you talk a bit in terms of us trying to understand longer term profitability in international markets, how you think about local originals as a portion of the mix if you can take a few examples or paint a broader brush throughout the international platform?
Ted Sarandos: Well, were in the very early goings of our international original life programming. We launched Marceau. We've launched original shows in Japan. We've launched in Mexico and we currently have productions going on in Germany, Spain, Italy, Korea, Japan, France, Brazil, Cambodia. So we are producing around the world original programming and it really has an outsized impact in those first couple of shows because I think it does show those local markets that were investing in their production infrastructure, we're investing in their culture and taken, most importantly taking those shows and distributing them around the world. So when we released a show like Ebana in Japan, people are watching Ebana all around the world at the exact same time, which makes us a very important part of the entertainment landscape in those countries and ultimately to those consumers as well.
Scott Devitt: And David you seen to have changed the language in terms of the 40% contribution margin by 2020 and adding possibly earlier as well, I know the trends over the intermediate term past have been trending better, can you just add some color to that comment?
David Wells: Well, I think it's just acknowledging that, like you just articulated that we were running ahead on that. So, we have to acknowledge reality that we may get there sooner than we -- then we initially targeted. I think for us broadening it back from just a quarterly performance of that progression towards U.S. contribution margin is the right amount to reinvest in the business. We know that we want to drive efficiency. So we want some discipline there between profit and additional investment, but we also have to figure whats the right amount of reinvestment in the business to maintain competitiveness both domestically and abroad. And I think the U.S. business, I mention this in the past that to the extent that we produce an original for the globe, now that were in additional markets we're in more and more markets the U.S. P&L does receive some of that relief because there is a smaller share of that allocation going to the U.S. then there was before. So some of those that was at play, that was in the past my team reminds me and nowadays the profit growth of the U.S. is being driven just by growing revenue faster than content, but I think those two things were at play in the last four to six quarters as we look at the trends. Thanks.
Ben Swinburne: Ted, just want to ask you to comment a little further on the market for acquired programming. I think there is a concern in the marketplace that its getting increasing competitive and expensive and I would love to hear how you see the market today, especially versus your expectations or your strategy around avoiding output deals and really finding stuff thats globally exclusive. And maybe you can comment on the Amazon PBS deal as well as your own agreement with the CW of the StarTrek announcement today and also the Chuck Lorre announcement from a few weeks ago.
Ted Sarandos: Right, you covered a lot of ground there. So I may try to address some of them. As for the CW, the CW is a real anomaly in terms of a network. They happen to produce programming that has very consisted sensibility and a very consistent band base and that fits very nicely with a big viewing demographic and efforts. Weve got a great relationship with them. We opted to re-up that relationship even though its a domestic-only and an output deal and weve individually licensed many of those shows for global distribution. And we're thrilled to do that and not only to re-up our business, but also to move up the availability date of those shows to just eight days after their last episode airs versus having to wait until just before the new season launches. So the fans of the CW programming are going to love that development. Then as far as the PBS Amazon, I would say we have so aggressively improved and expanded our original kids programming. In fact we have 35 different original kids programming, kids shows on Netflix, now many more in production in various forms of development. So, more and more of that programming is leaning to our exclusive global programming and our regional programming in place of massive loads of content from other sources. So our appetite for that meaning our appetite for high prices has gone down quite a bit and what else did I miss there? Star Trek, so Star Trek is an example of one that seems like an odd ball, because we dont have it in the U.S. But this is one of those overhangs of regional licensing is that CBS was not making the U.S. available and we wanted to make sure that we could bring that show to the rest of our subscribers around the world. So, were happy to premier the new Star Trek series all over the world outside of North America.
Ben Swinburne: Great. And I just want to may be pick up on the content, go ahead.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, you had mentioned also pricing and Ive mentioned this before and I think it still holds true. You should think about content cost like player personnel cost. At any given season, a super star goes free agent and that particular players prices goes to the roof, but player personnel cost, they remain pretty flat and thats the case here. Every ones in a while there is a breakout very competitive title, and the price for that goes up, but the overall spend you have baked into our business model.
Ben Swinburne: Got it, and just following up on margins, David if you look at the international markets, which I realize is a portfolio, do you have a good sense for how much local programming you need in a given international market? I realize there is a range and does that percentage impact the profitability of those markets long term? In other words if you need in a market like Germany half the content just to make something up needs to be German, does that mean that market is structurally lower margin and say the U.S. market or your broader portfolio or is it still too early to figure those things out?
David Wells: I think its still too early. The dominant aspect that affects profitability in any one given market is the competitiveness and that can manifest itself in the competitiveness for content bidding. It can manifest itself for competitiveness of the consumers moment of truth, how much theyre viewing, where theyre viewing, what are their alternative sources of entertainment. So I would say that its way too early. Weve been very successful with an 80/20 model today and very disparate non-English markets in Chile, in Finland, in Netherlands and so we do have markets, early markets like Japan that are tilted a little bit more towards local content, but I dont think the margin characteristics are going to be necessarily determined by the percent of local as how competitive the market is.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. Reed, time spent on the platform is such an important metric. I was wondering if you could update us just on time spent per user to the extent that there is anything there thats changed in either direction? And then secondly, Sandvine, in their reports peak traffic showed a downtick and Netflix are still dominant, but little bit lower relative to peers in terms of the domination even from a compression technology during that period, can you just talk a little bit about how much of an effect that could have had on a metric like that?
Reed Hastings: Sure, I think on the Sandvine, which covers North America it might have been like 35% to 33% something like that, which would correlate very well with what we think was the increase in coding efficiency. So think of that as a flat result as opposed to a down result and then what was the first question?
Ben Swinburne: Just time spend per user, how thats trending? Youve given periodic updates on that, Im just wondering if there is anything?
Reed Hastings: Sure. Viewing overall is pretty seasonal. So you have to look at it on a year-over-year basis. But on a year-over-year basis, total viewing which is the fact that we sometimes releases up, forget you have the good numbers, but think of it as we were I think it was 13 million a quarter ago and it was maybe 10 million a year ago.
Ted Sarandos: Yes Scott. Sorry Reed, you did release those numbers at CES in January. So there was a data point there and I think thats what Reed was referring back to.
Reed Hastings: Total viewings continue to grow.
Ben Swinburne: Okay. And then secondly...
Reed Hastings: On a year-over-year basis.
Ben Swinburne: Great, download functionality which is a hot topic, some competitors have taken that on. You historically have suggested not interested and it seems like thats changed a little bit more recently. Can you talk about your interest there and then also cost implications in terms of contractual obligations.
Reed Hastings: Yes were open minded about it as we've expanded it globally. Its something weve taken more of a look at given the strength of cellular networks not being a strong in some of the new markets. So thats gotten us to take a look at it and there is no material cost implications. As you know some of our competitors in different markets in Germany, in the U.S. and others include a local cashing capability. So its a pretty standard part of most deals.
Ben Swinburne: Question for David, just turning to the financials, that your remember growth fell short this quarter as you guys acknowledged in the letter, but your comments about profitability next year havent changed. If you think you expect substantial profits or material profits excuse me in 2017. Could you talk a little bit about the cash flow burn, cash burn outlook '16 and '17 David and any comment around P&L expense versus cash now that the top line at least seems to be growing a little more slowly than we all expected?
David Wells: Well cash flow despite all the perturbations of content coming in and out and the uncertainty around when that content might time has been relatively steady at about $0.25 million a quarter. So I would say there has been no change from my understanding and expectation that its about a 1 billion or 1.2 billion two in terms of the year and we expect that again going forward. So free cash flow will improve when we drive more profit and start organically funding more of our content investment and in terms of the ratio of content cash to P&L, its still in that 1.3 to 1.4 range where it could peak up to 1.4, but its staying in that 1.3 to 1.4 range.
Ben Swinburne: Any color on the sequential increase on contract -- contractual obligations, I think it was 13.2 at the end of the quarter, how do you think about that number again given the context of a slowing little bit of lower top line, any thought?
David Wells: Well, content is one of those things where you invest, you dont invest by quarter, you invest several years or years. So, I think what you're seeing is our investment in rest of world, the rest of world launch and the growth of additional territories. Youre also seeing increased investment in some of our younger territories where theyre growing their content expense at a faster clip than some of our territories that are more highly penetrated or have been operating for more years, but just like Reed was saying that the offline viewing or the downloading rights arent really a factor. What youre seeing is the growth of additional territory so, thats whats driving the content commitments. And again I look at this periodically on a per member basis and its stayed in that bands and is consistent with prior trends and prior territory launches.
Reed Hastings: And you have to remember Scott, that when we look at it weve been doing this a long time. We've had these short quarters before. Nine years ago in 2007 we actually went down in subscriber. So, this quarter we're growing, but not as much as we want, but in 2007 we went down from 6.8 million to 6.7 million in this Q2, which is a generally seasonally tight quarter for us. And it didnt feel great going down, but now here we are at over $80 million. So, you just got to take a long term perspective and Internet TV is going to be an enormous market. We're very confident of that and our competitive position is very strong so those are the two fundamental things that give us confidence in the long term and want to us to continue to invest in more content.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Scott Devitt: Any update David on the chip card transition to the extent there is still any remnant that you may have seen in the quarter from that?
David Wells: Its a small background as you -- it was back then that was -- became outsized because we pointed to it as one of the explanatory reasons that we had an involved churn uptick, but I would say it continues to be a small background issue.
Scott Devitt: And then for Ted, I dont know if there is a way to think of this that youve shared publically, but in terms of the product portfolio today and global rights that you have if you think of it may be relative to your spend, what portion of the portfolio has global rights associated with it and then secondly, as it relates to global rights, how are the allocations done between markets?
Ted Sarandos: So the allocations are done by media market share models and you should think about our global allocations as all of regional programming is fully global. Several, but we haven't broken out an exact percentage of our off-net licensees that we do on a global basis. And then there is individual libraries from each of them, from each -- from around the world that we have global rights for of the lot of content that you may never have heard of, but actually get healthy niches of watching all over the world as well.
Scott Devitt: And Ted its right some of the content when we say global, thats global Netflix like sometimes it includes China, sometimes it doesnt. So, think of it as global to where we currently operate.
Ted Sarandos: And with the exception of our -- on the original side, which today it is always included China.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks. Yes, talk a little bit about how the Asian market rollouts have gone so far relative to your expectations and whether you're thinking about may be different price tiers or still sticking to the global price point as you look at the results there.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, we thought about it and after launch and debated, do we want to try to be a low cost service like a $2 service or should we try to add content to make it a viable $10 service. And at least for the next few years, were very much on the latter strategy. So were going to invest to build a great $10 service. We look at the iPhone 6s globally. We look at some other high value products and we want to be an incredible content service at this $10 price point rather than be very much lower cost or even free service and so thats what we're focused on as our current model.
David Wells: And then we already do have some price choices in our tiring. So, we do use the entry level tier as a mechanism for those folks that might be more value oriented. So, we do have some ability there to separate across price in terms of capturing those subscribers that might be more value oriented.
Ben Swinburne: And just sticking with the emerging theme, but markets youve been in a while, can you talk about the Latin American market and whether that continues to be strong and how you might think something like the second season of Narcos might results there.
Reed Hastings: Yes, go ahead.
Ted Sarandos: Yes Latin America has continued to grow well for us and what's been fascinating is the growth has been pretty steady even in Brazil where we see a significant recession and a difficult government situation. So it seems that neither of those factors really affects a value-oriented business like ours. With the second season of Narcos, were hoping to see great viewing throughout Latin America and throughout the world, but similar to our other originals.
Reed Hastings: That second season comes September 2 and its one of the things that we think we're very excited about the prospects of global television. We also have a new series were filming in Mexico Ingobernable and second season of Club de Cuervos in production. So weve got a pretty healthy investment in Latin America, but I think that were at in emerging markets is exactly where were at in the first few months of the Latin American market, trying to figure out what those people in each of those countries love to watch and creating a service that is worth every penny of the subscription fees.
Scott Devitt: Thank you. Ben and Ive -- both asked questions around cost structure and other components of the international business, I guess to try and gain understanding of longer term profitability, understanding differences in ARPU and content cost by country and local originals and things of that nature, is there a reason to think that international in aggregate shouldnt have contribution margins that are similar to the U.S. over time?
David Wells: Well, I think each market will be different when you roll them up. I think structurally we can still get to where weve gotten to in the U.S. We demonstrated a Canadian proof point as well. It depends on whether you include them in that -- in that international bucket or not, but we do think that we can see across the system a variety, but if you average across it, we can get to those levels of profitability at least with the markets that weve seen today. We may penetrate into deeper into markets that have much lower ARPUs that may have a different characteristic. So then its a choice of how big of a market do we want to address at that price point? Is that the bigger pie from a revenue profit perspective or we want to experiment down in the price to broaden the market and go after a bigger market at maybe a lower margin. I think were too early to tell on that latter case.
Scott Devitt: And then second question again for David and apologies if this was answered earlier but in terms of the un-grandfathering process, so where are you in the U.S. and then where are you in the international markets that you named in terms of customers that are going through that process having seen it at this point?
David Wells: Yes, I think in the letter we characterized it, but were roughly halfway through and that will play out -- continue to play out over Q3 and into early Q4.
Scott Devitt: And thats consisting U.S. and those international markets?
David Wells: Correct. Now a point worth making here is that our international markets because theyre newer, have more -- disproportionately more subscribers that are newer and already at the higher price points than the U.S. does, thats what makes the U.S. unique in this discussion.
Ted Sarandos: Lets wrap up with two more questions. Guys why dont you pick one each.
Scott Devitt: I just want to ask about Europe, especially the content youve been in a lot of these markets now for a couple of years, but I think they have been slow for either of you or all of you, what do you think you need to do in Continental Europe and Southern Europe to accelerate that growth and how much of it is content versus some of the payment stuff or anything else you might call out that youre working on?
David Wells: Well let's see, just to remind you in Spain and Italy, we only launched it last October. France and Germany was a year or so before that. And weve had really nice success in all of those markets with continued strong growth following the growth that weve seen for example in the U.K. or Canada, which will be the closest proxies in terms of wealthy markets with high pay-TV penetration. So big competitor markets but weve got a solid game plan. Were growing in those markets. Payments are not an issue. So we feel very positive about those markets.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Ben Swinburne: Last one, Reed you mentioned payments, youve had payments as a source of friction in some earlier international launch markets, can you talk about that in the newer markets and what youre doing there to facilitate that?
Reed Hastings: Yes around the world eCommerce is unequally well developed. So in some markets there is very strong eCommerce payment platforms like the Netherlands. In other markets like Cambodia or Vietnam, its challenging today we only accept international credit cards. So we'll develop really along eCommerce in that whole ecosystem as people want pay for things online and that may come through mobile payments like Android and iOS, it will come along with third-party payment systems, but again the general economy and people are moving online through mobile and were going to be able to take advantage and we are taking advantage of that. So in the long-term, its not a big friction point because everyone is going to want to be able to purchase many things including Netflix.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
David Wells: So thank you both and thank you to all of our investors. We apologize for the volatility. I know its not easy on everyone. The big picture is very much intact and were very excited about it and so were continuing to execute on growing the business. Thank you very much.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Peter Kafka - Re/code
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Welcome to the Netflix Q1 2016 earnings call. I'm David Wells, CFO. I'm joined today by Reed Hastings, CEO, and Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will once again be Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley and Peter Kafka with Re/code. Just a warning before we begin that we will be making forward-looking statements, actual results may vary. I think, Ben, you have the first question, so over to you.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sure, thank you. Maybe you can start out by just reflecting on the quarterly results you guys just delivered relative to your expectations. And maybe you could start out in the new markets you launched at the beginning of the year and how those performed relative to your expectations.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Sure. We were incredibly excited to grow to over 81 million subscribers. It's an enormous quarter for us that way. Some of it was from our expansion around the world. It's 130 countries. So there's quite a bit of variety. And remember that most of those countries we haven't yet seen the full potential of, because we're only in English and only with international credit cards. So over the next couple of years, as we further localize, we'll be able to see more opportunity. But by going so broad, we've increased our rate of learning, and so, we're really excited about the approach and looking forward to the rest of the year.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And how did you feel the U.S. markets behave this quarter versus your expectations? You had noted in the letter a lot of strength from the originals that came in ahead of expectations. I'm guessing that's on gross connects, but how do the originals perform even relative to what I'm sure where your fairly bullish expectation is in the U.S. market.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Well, in the U.S. market, we did about 2.25 million net adds, which is nearly identical, not only to last year, but to the year before. So what you see is this continued growth and we're thrilled to keep that growth steady, between 5 million and 6 million net additions. And the content just keeps improving and that keeps the word of mouth growing. So we're very excited about that formula and what we saw in Q1.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Reed, you guys have been watching Amazon for a long time. You compete with them at least on content for quite some time. Four years ago, you predicted they'd come out with a standalone servers priced under yours. They announced that yesterday. What's your view of them now, and in particular, with the announcement they made yesterday, do you think they're trying to compete head-to-head with you for subscriber dollars, or are they trying to underscore the value of Prime overall.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Hulu is doing some great work. Amazon is, HBO, Showtime. There are so many competitors, and everyone is working hard to build the best content. And so, we're seeing growth in the overall Internet TV market. Of course, that's displacing linear TV, and it's natural that everybody is coming in as they realize that the future is Internet TV. And in terms of our shows, we're very excited about what we're doing. Not only are we expanding the number of original series we're doing, but we're also expanding into original movies. So again, this is all part of the natural evolution from linear TV to Internet TV.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Amazon has been talking with programmers for a while about adding linear channels. So you're looking at a scenario where they might have an offering that's similar to yours for the on-demand stuff, with a mix of originals and older movies and TV shows, plus current content live. What does that look like to you in terms of the prospects of competing against that head-to-head?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: We're very focused on global competition. Obviously, around the world, it's very fast growing for us. We're coming towards 50/50 International, Domestic revenue. And so, we're focused on content that we can have around the world, which is why we're investing in original movies, original series so that we can have that content and also producing around the world like our French series Marseille or Spanish in Narcos. And that's very different from carrying other people's single nation networks. So that's just a very different business. It's not one we focus on a lot. We know what we want to be, which is a great global producer and distributor of content, and other people will do other things and that's fine. They may be very successful.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Let me throw a question out for David and/or Ted about  thinking about the second quarter guidance internationally, there's a lot to chew on there. The number you laid out is probably below where most people were expecting. I'm wondering if you could talk, David, about how you thought through putting the second quarter guide together around the seasonality, some of the comp issues you talked about in the letter and whether we're seeing a more earlier than expected level of seasonality in some of these markets that are still one year or two years old. And Ted, there's a narrative out of Europe, in particular, that the incumbents are sort of teaming up against you from a content perspective, and you've got a lot of stuff coming down the pike on originals. So if you could talk about your relationship with suppliers overseas since that's probably an area people have spent less time thinking through.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Sure, I let David kick it off there to go first.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: So, Ben, in terms of thinking about the guide, just a reminder that we put in the letter that absent the strong performance that we saw last year from a very recently launched Australia/New Zealand market, our guide would have been up. So I think you haven't yet seen sort of a normalized pattern of growth from us, in terms of a year-on-year growth expectation across our international markets, because we've been layering on new markets as we go. So I think, from our perspective, we were super happy with the results of Q1. And we wanted, in Q2, that to continue and it is, but we're mindful of the fact that we've got these large blooms of launches last year, and then, in Q1 this year with the rest of world markets, the Netflix global launch that are going to continue forward, because they're addressing pent-up demand. So for us, we're focused on continued growth in those markets and that's what we're seeing. And we're focused on continued improvement from an economic sense of reducing those losses and this year, you're seeing us continue to invest, but the U.S. is growing. So overall, operating profit is improving as we go and into next year.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: I just say the reaction from the broadcasters across Europe is not different than it's been anywhere else. There's always uncertainty when we come to the new market, what role we're going to play, how complementary we're going to be versus competitive, and I think everyone just likes to weigh all their options in terms of their competitive strength. We're buying a lot of pan-European rights as part of our global acquisitions, which I think probably makes them a bit nervous too while they're trying to figure out what their next moves will be. But again, I don't think it's that unusual, even here in the U.S., where three of our largest suppliers teamed up to create Hulu, with probably much of the same motivation.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And just as a follow-up, there's I don't think any mention of VPN changes in the letter, but that obviously has happened. Is that impacting at all the second quarter guidance at all?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: No, that change was in the first quarter. It's a very small but quite vocal minority. So it's really inconsequential to us, as you could see in the Q1 results.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: And the only thing I'd add to that, Ben, is we were able to grow. In the first quarter, we had very strong U.S. growth. At the same time, we had a very robust Netflix global launch. So I think it validates the fact that we're seeing new demand for Netflix in those markets.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sure.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: This is for Reed. You keep getting asked this, but I want to keep asking because the question keeps coming up. Any interest in live sports in any capacity?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Any interest in what?
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Live sports.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Live sports. Ted, I'll let you handle that question. It worked so well for us last time. We knew this.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Exactly, there's no interest in live sports currently.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Currently. What about live in general? There's a lot of interest, Twitter, YouTube, Facebook in particular, and the idea of broadcasting live video over the Internet. You guys have tweaked your model a little bit or will be tweaking a bit with Chelsea Handler where you're going to move away from the dumping out all the stuff in one go and staggering it. So if you're not doing live  if you don't plan to do live now, why not consider it down the pike?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: So just to correct you, we have never dumped anything. We have given it a proper platform with all of the great content that it deserves.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: A full release.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: So Chelsea is near live in that we're going to be putting it up to our subscribers just a couple hours after it's recorded live in front of an audience. There's not a technological reason we wouldn't want to go to live. But you should think about our brand proposition is very much about on-demand. So to the extent that watching on-demand is better than watching live would bring a ton of value to it. And other people doing live, I think it's great. It's about a further expansion of Internet television to include live. We don't have to do everything to be part of that expansion.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And rather than invest in things like live sports, we're investing in things like The Crown, which is just an epic production. And maybe you could talk a little bit about that, Ted.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: It's being shot right now in the UK. We have previewed some footage of it to the European press last week. They just loved it. It's a massive cast, a massive production that will tell the life of Queen Elizabeth, starring Claire Foy as the Queen and will follow her life through her relationships with the Prime Ministers all the way through to current times. So it's a very  it's those kind of things that we think are massively global that we can produce on a larger scale than anybody else that we really think we can win the day on.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: David, coming back to the second quarter guidance again but on the U.S. market, why did you decide to delay or spread the un-grandfathering through the remainder of the year? You mentioned you don't expect much of an impact, but you decided to spread it out. And if you could, just walk us through what you've learned in your testing so far and the thought process around that.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: I think we've always been a testing company. So perhaps there should have been an expectation that this would be a gradual thing in terms of layering that out. We've got a number of markets that are coming off un-grandfathering, not just the U.S. And some of those are timed three to four months as we go. So I think it's just about messaging it. It was important to us to make sure that subscribers knew that this was happening and to put it in front of them, and that's what we're going to do. And we want to do that, do right by the consumer and do right by Netflix as we go. So I think we're just taking our time to do that.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And, Ted, what are you seeing in terms of the efficiency of your spend as you continue to build on originals? And I'm curious. You've had more data points around film results, and you'll have more coming up. How are the films performing relative to your expectations, and relatively maybe to the spending on TV series?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: The efficiencies are a little hard to match because you've got a couple of hours of viewing versus 10 to 13 hours of viewing on a series. But relative to how we license other movies, we've been pretty happy with the direction that it's going. Remember, we have a few films under our belt. Where I'm really looking at is how broadly people engage with them, how do they play around the world. All those data points have been really positive. And as we keep going, I think that content can be as efficient as the series relative to other films. So we're still learning as we go though.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Can you guys talk about your M&A strategy? Are you looking at Paramount, which may be partly for sale? What about Starz, which is unofficially for sale? And if you don't want to comment on those in particular, what do you think you might as you consider larger acquisitions?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: It's been 15 years we've been public and 20 years existing, and we've done no M&A. So I think that probably speaks for itself.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: And as you guys push into the studio film business, making your own movie, does it make sense to at least do a smaller acquisition that would help you get some of those competencies in-house?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Peter, what you're seeing not just on the films, but also on several of our series where Netflix is increasingly the studio and the network on those shows. So we are building that efficiency in-house. The Ranch that just premiered a few weeks ago is a Netflix-produced show, and we'll be doing a lot more of those coming up.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: So you can build that without buying it.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: We're building it versus buying it.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: We'll just hire the people that we want and build it and that could in principle be a constraint on our rate of growth, but Ted's been able to attract an incredible team in LA. And so, when you look at the growth in our originals, you can see that we can deliver on that on this organic hiring basis, which of course is much stronger for the long term than if you tried to juice it with M&A.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Reed, can you talk a little bit about how investors and shareholders should look at various opportunities internationally? For example, Brazil is a market that maybe at first blush wouldn't appear to be ripe for Netflix, given sort of low paid TV penetration, lower household income, lower broadband speeds and yet you've described that as a rocketship, you've done really well there. And yet maybe other more sort of developed markets in Europe have been slower. What are the characteristics and things that are outside of Netflix's control that drive success? And what are the things you're doing that you maybe didn't do a year ago to make sure you capture the opportunity?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: One of the major things I think is eCommerce and payment systems to the degree that there's a convenient way to pay for airline tickets, for example, online. That's really helpful. But we're continuing to work with all the different ISPs, phone billing solutions, other things, and we'll grow as the payment infrastructure or the eCommerce infrastructure grows. So when you think about it in the long term, everybody around the world is going to be watching Internet video, and we want to be well-positioned, so as all of these countries evolve towards Internet video that we grow with them. In some cases, that will be 10 years, 15 years, in other cases, it will be in the next two years or three years. But it's a long-term investment, and country by country, it's worked out extremely well for us. So that's why we're so invested in international expansion. We're very confident that in the long-term, everybody is going to be watching TV shows and movies over the Internet. And we hope to be one of the leading brands for that around the world.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And let me just ask you  go ahead, David.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: The only thing I would add to that too and I think Reed would say is you can't anticipate everything. And I think five years ago when we were first launching the markets, we thought maybe we could anticipate most things. But every time we've launched, there's been one or two things that we haven't anticipated. What we have gotten good at as a company is fast learning and fast improvement. And so, I think that gives us some confidence as well that as things come up, we'll be able to address them quickly.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And remember, when you look at Facebook and YouTube, which are ad supported, but viewing and consumption is generally 80% International, 20% Domestic. And we've got a lot of International growth to go before we can aspire to that point.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And let me just pick up on a question Peter asked earlier that sort of talks about where Amazon's taking the bundle and take it from the perspective of incumbent MVPDs. You saw I'm sure, Reed, that Dish built another sling or is building another sling offer, sort of a low price point IP-delivered bundle of networks, DIRECTV is going to have three cheaper OTT launches later this year. You're starting to see these things proliferate more. Does that change sort of your competitive position as you think about sort of this big pricing umbrella getting smaller over the next year plus and becoming more IP?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: No, those are all single nation solutions and we're really focused on global content and expanding globally. And so, I don't see really that much nexus between them. Again, as we said in the letter, when you think about your own experience of what do you do some night if you're not watching Netflix? Once in a while, it's cable television. Once in a while, it's video gaming, it's browsing Facebook, killing time on the web generally. There's so much out there. So the only inhibitor in our growth is how great is our service, could we make it so there's never buffering so it always starts up instantly. So the recommendations are incredible, and the content is exciting. And if we can do all that, we'll continue to grow globally, even though HBO or Dish or others are also growing. So their growth doesn't take away from us.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Reed, can you explain, just for the record, why you guys went ahead and sort of reduced the quality of streams on certain wireless carriers, and how that's different than the complaints you lodged against people like Comcast in the last couple of years?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Sure, mobile generally has small data caps and very expensive per gigabyte charges, like $10 to $20 per gigabyte supplemental. And so, we wanted to save data for our users by using very tight and small encodes, especially when it's being watched on a 4-inch or 5-inch screen. And what we'll be adding going forward is an option so consumer can set, they want to do extreme data saving, moderate data saving, or no data saving at all. And so, we'll evolve to let the users just do it. But the advantage of doing it for people in the past was to save on  to avoid those data plan overages that are pretty unique to mobile.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: And that option you're describing where you can sort of opt in to sort of what quality you want, is that a reaction to the stories that came out in the last few weeks?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: No, we've added lots of options over time to allow more customization. If you look, we've had one on the wired side. We just hadn't implemented it yet or rolled it out on the mobile side. So it's always been planned.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Another regulatory question or I guess FCC question. The open set-top box proposal that President Obama has endorsed, if that goes through, what sort of changes or options does that open up for you?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: For us, the open set-top is the Roku or the Apple TV or the Smart TV. It's a basic Internet device that runs apps, and that's what we think the future is, is that kind of broad openness. And we don't really follow very closely like the intricacies of the cable set-top industry in the U.S. as opposed to these great global platforms that are IP centric, like a Samsung Smart TV.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: So it's not meaningful to you if it goes through?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: I don't think so.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Ted, I want to ask you a little bit about your relationship with your major suppliers. You I'm sure see the  or hear the rhetoric as we do growing out of Hollywood. Maybe start with Disney. How is that relationship today? They've obviously come under some pressure around ESPN and cord shaving. But is your relationship with Disney as strong as it's been? And should we expect that you may be able to expand your Marvel TV relationship in particular? I'd love to hear any sense for how Daredevil Season Two is performing and performed relative to the first season with that audience built.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Sure, so I mean these have always been relatively complex relationships where you are both supplier and sometimes competitor. So in the case of Disney, they're a major supplier and they're a producing partner where they produce our Marvel Defenders series. We just kicked off our fifth season of production on the show. It's a very lucrative piece of business for Disney, obviously and a great partnership in that way. And there's no way to kind of isolate the two sets of businesses completely. So while  they're a great producing partner, they're a great licensing supplier, and we're always trying to figure out ways that we don't bump into one another competitively, but sometimes, it's inevitable. Daredevil Season Two was fantastic. The critics loved it. The viewing numbers have really grown. And we've added an enormous number of people to Daredevil Season One, both because of the excitement around Season Two and that we're in additional territories that didn't have the opportunity to see this show in the first go around. So it's been a real success and we're really excited to be in business with them. And all of our suppliers either produced for us or licensed to us and probably compete with us on some level, and we're just always trying to navigate those waters, very similar to the way networks deal with one another and produce for one another.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And did the changes you're seeing out there impact the timing with which you may get to your 50/50 split of original spending and acquired? You throw out in the letter 5% of your spending I think today is on films. How would you fit film spending inside of that 50/50 mix long-term?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Well, right now, we're trying to compliment our film selection between aggressively ramping up our global originals, which some of the people want to see everywhere in the world. Plus licensing, we're opportunistic. We've been doing pickups of films at film festivals, particularly ones that have broader commercial appeal, like next month, we've a film called The Fundamentals of Caring with Paul Rudd that I think fans are going to really love when we launch that around the world. And then, regionally, we're also doing some opportunistic licensing. As you know, we pick up the Disney Pay One output later this year. And we also like  just in this quarter, we'll have the Minions. We'll have Goosebumps. We'll have Hotel Transylvania 2. And we'll have the film that won the Academy Award for Best Picture, Spotlight, exclusively on Netflix in the U.S. So it will be hard to comp against those kind of numbers as we're ramping up films because we still have a great selection of other films as well, but we're going to keep pushing it. There's no mandate or no initiative to how quickly we want to get there. And success, we just want to keep pushing it forward.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And later this week we'll be releasing the first trailer for The Do-Over, Adam Sandler's next film for us.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Right.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And the trailer is incredible. I think you're going to find that this is a movie that really delivers for the Adam Sandler fans extended.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: That will be available globally as well in May.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Reed, maybe, Ted, If I got on a plan, I can download some of Amazon's original  I guess all of Amazon's original content, some of their studio stuff they've licensed and take it with me for offline viewing, YouTube Red lets me do that. Why not offer that for some or all of your content?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: We should keep an open mind on this. We've been so focused on click-and-watch and the beauty and simplicity of streaming. But as we expand around the world, where we see an uneven set of networks, it's something we should keep an open mind about.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: And then this one is a little more future, off in the distance. But how long do you imagine before some combination of VR, AR, 360, any of the stuff you see people experimenting with on Facebook, YouTube becomes relevant to what you do?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: I think it's mostly going to be an intense gaming format for a couple years due to the price of the consoles. So think of it like the PlayStation 5 or the Xbox 2 or something. Its heritage to console gaming will be a lot of that market. And then everybody hopes that it matures into something that's lower cost and more ubiquitous. So I don't think it will have a direct effect on us in the next couple years because I think the center point for VR will be other sorts of things than watching a TV show in a VR headset. I don't think that will be very popular.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: David, turning to some of the financials, you gave some color for the year around contribution losses internationally, I think looking for something around $370 million for the year now, which is less than at least you had articulated and we had thought previously. What's driving that improvement? And it sounds like that's a focus for you as you head into next year. If you could, spend a little bit of time talking about what's moving the international losses lower and how that may trend into 2017.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: It's nothing more than growing revenue faster than your content spend. So I think it's just the fact that we've got multiple markets now that are improving year on year in terms of growth and economics, and you stack them together and you got a picture where collectively they're covering any of the new markets that we could have launched this year and then next year or the year after. Depending on the size of that market, they could be covering them all. I think we're giving ourselves a little bit of flexibility because the more of an opportunity we see, the more we may put back into the business in terms of additional investments and content. But we feel like today that we can do all of that and still grow operating profit, which is why we can continue to make the statements about meaningful operating profit next year, but we feel like we can do both. So I don't think internally there isn't a different plan perhaps versus expectations. People felt like there might be higher losses internationally, but it's been fairly consistent I'd say over the last three to six months.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And do you want to talk about the weakening of the dollar and how that affects us?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. So we did highlight this in the letter. And you live by the currency, die by the currency in terms of the fluctuations. Last year we had a lot of headwinds, especially on the international revenue line. We had to explain why our international average subscription price was flat in certain quarters when it still was growing. This year we're seeing the reverse of that with the weakening of the dollar at least in the first part of the year here where our international contribution margin is benefiting from that. So we did highlight that for you in the letter. Thanks for pointing that out.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And, David, as a follow-up, you're doing more and more global deals. Can you just remind us how you're allocating licensing costs and whether that's having an impact on the quarterly movements in margin? You guys guided to I think a sequential margin step down in the U.S. How much is the allocation issues or allocation thought process impacting those moves?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Part of that, the U.S. P&L or the U.S. contribution margin, we've said this before, I'll reiterate it, is definitely benefiting from the fact that we're launching more in international markets. So the cost of that global original that Ted talks about is being spread by more markets. There's some relief to the U.S. P&L. And in terms of the allocation mechanism, it's really by media market value. In the early days, we were doing it by broadband households. That was overcharging certain markets where if you had a very knowledgeable, experienced media buyer in the market, they would say there's no way that anyone would pay for this particular title at this amount in the market. So we refined that to a media market value that's validated by some third-party market survey information. I would say in general, it's vetted by our own buying team internally as to what would be paid for that particular title in the market.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And then margin being tight in Q2 is really related to the large amount of content and associated marketing for launching those content that we're very fortunate to have.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: You guys are moving people towards a $10 a month price point in the U.S. For the folks who have the $12 plan, what are they using that for? Are they using it to get high-def or are they using it for four streams. What's the usage pattern for those customers?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Ultra high def 4K is becoming quite popular. We're the leading source of ultra high def content now. Ultra high def televisions are for sale at Best Buy and Costco. So we're seeing that ecosystem development. And then if you pay $1,000 or $2,000 for a 4K TV, it's pretty natural to bump your Netflix to the $12 plan in the U.S. and about equal internationally to be able to get access to that 4K screens and see what your TV can really do.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: And so that's the majority of the people who are paying you $12 are using it for the ultra high def?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: That's right. The video quality is really the big driver. And similarly, our standard def plan, which is DVD quality, is great for people, $7.99, and so that's a really strong option too. So we're not trying to bias people. We're trying to help them make a choice that they feel great about and that they'll stay with. So think of us as really investing at both ends, the $7.99, $9.99, and $11.99.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: You spell out in your letter that the price hikes that are coming this month, next month, that you'll be staggering them throughout the year. It's not all going to happen in one fell swoop. Is that a change in plan or was that always the direction you were going?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: That's always what we thought. It's a little bit cautious, but it won't hurt. We don't particularly need the revenue in the short term, so it's fine to just spread it out.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: David, just coming back, a couple more on the numbers. The contractual obligations were up to I think $12.3 billion at the end of the quarter, which was a bit of a jump from the end of last year. Is that the Disney Pay One deal kicking in, or any other color you'd add as to why that number inflated a bit?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: It's really the Netflix global launch. So you got to think about it as we're adding more content now for the rest of the world. It's our newer markets as we add more content, those markets are growing in content spend more quickly than some of our more established markets. So you combine those and I think what you'll find is if you take that obligations number over our average membership for the quarter, it's still in that band of about $150, $160, and it really has only popped up this quarter because of that new launch, basically, of Netflix global.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And remember, on Disney we have Pay One today in Canada and then we'll be adding it this fall in the U.S.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And just on the cash flow outlook, should we still be thinking about $1 billion burn this year and any color for next year, and when might Netflix generate substantial free cash flow?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: So no change on the outlook on either this year or next year. I would say $1 billion is a pretty good guide for both this year and next year. And really, on free cash flow positive, it really depends on the size of the business. It depends on how much more we'll continue to grow the content, which does depend on the size of the business. So in that way, I will turn the question around and say, how big will we be? And then I'll tell you when we'll be free cash flow positive.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: It's how big we'll be, and then how crazy does Ted go on these productions. And what we found is that these really big productions, like The Crown are just terrific for us in global brand building. And so, we're very excited about being able to deploy the cash to create shows like that and like The Get Down that's coming this fall also.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Yeah, you should kind of think about it, though, that those big productions play a much more like a big blockbuster film in the fact that not only do they get more watching in the US, but they travel much better too. So you see in all these non-English speaking territories, these series perform very well.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, Reed, I was going to ask you, because I think you were quoted in The Guardian talking about or predicting spectacular budgets for TV series. Are your comments just now reflecting that expectation, and does that suggest any reduction in the return on spending that Ted's doing?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: No, I'd suggest an increase in return on spending if anything. That is when you spend on the big items, they go much, much further than a whole lot of substitutable content. So we're interested in both spectacular content and spectacular membership growth.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good answer.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: And what we've found is that people globally love high production quality content.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: It's why U.S. content has traveled the world historically so well because of the production value that you're seeing. So when you see things like, next month, we'll have our fourth season of Orange Is the New Black, that was kind of a surprise to most people in that it didn't have any of the established movie star talent that some of our other shows have. But it had built up just on the quality of Jenji's storytelling. And then the spectacular cast and the ability to get to know them better, and then, as we enter its fourth season now, it's got tens of millions of fans around the world that can't wait for that show. Sometimes you can get that built-in excitement with somebody who brings their own draw and their own star power, like a Will Smith movie or a Brad Pitt movie that comes out, or Naomi Watts starring in a TV series for Netflix, or Drew Barrymore starring in a TV series for Netflix. This is a way that people can more quickly get to know some of our newer IP.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And Orange is only 60 days away, June 17.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: June 17.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Does that bigger better super-size it attitude, is that going to apply to feature films that you'd like to release theatrically? Could you do a Star Wars-sized production? Or does the push back from the traditional cinema distributors prevent you from really going whole hog on a movie like that?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: You should look at our original films as similar to a slate of studio films. And that's Fox did have Star Wars distributors, they also had Brooklyn. And they had a lot of things in between. And that's what we're looking at too. Whether or not a movie at the Star Wars level makes sense yet, we'll see, but we're ramping up. You saw recently that we announced that we're doing the next Will Smith movie called Bright, with David Ayer directing, which is a big budget summer movie. In fact, it will be David and Will as soon as they've come up of Suicide Squad. That's their next film. And it will premiere on Netflix in 2017, included in your subscription costs. So while we're all debating around big ticket day and date pay-per-view, we will be debuting that movie on Netflix included in your subscription cost all over the world.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: But you're not going to the tent pole strategy that big studios have gone to yet, where you're doing a handful of very, very large productions. You want a range of them?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: A range of productions. Correct.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: That's right.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: And then you mentioned the day and date debate. I mean you've seen the directors come out and say we like the idea of playing with the window. What's it called? What am I thinking of? The Screening Room product. Does that mean anything to you? Is that something you guys could participate in?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: No, like I said, we wouldn't mind having our films available on that product to the extent that people want to see it. Our focus is on movie lovers and movie fans, and trying to get them the content that they want at reasonable prices in great windows. So for us, being able to produce our own films gives us more control over those windows and the quality of the films themselves. So Screening Room to me would be a great way to get content in front of consumers if they're willing to pay for it.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Reed, you've talked historically about a 60 million to 90 million subscriber opportunity in the U.S. And I'm just wondering as you sit here today, if you can update us on your expectations long term in the U.S. market. Is there anything that you think needs to happen that isn't happening today to get you there? For example, whether MVPD set-top broad distribution in the U.S. from, say, a new Charter or Comcast would really help accelerate the growth in the United States?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: It helps a little bit. We are integrated with Suddenlink in the U.S., which is about 1 million subscribers. And of course, in Europe we're integrated in many platforms. But think of it as the fundamental draw of Internet TV. You can get it on a Smart TV, you can get it on an Apple TV. So there's a lot of ways around it where we don't have that distribution on cable. But it's one more platform, and all platforms are good. It's not something we need to say get to 60 million to 90 million subscribers. And we're continuing to see just that steady growth. To have 2.25 million net additions in the U.S. in Q1, basically the same as the prior two years, it just felt great. So we're really excited about what the new content as it builds is able to do for us.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And, Ted, one of the things we hear from particularly investors in Europe is just that there's a limit to how far U.S. exports can get you. I don't know whether you agree or disagree with that, but I'm just wondering if you think, particularly in markets like Europe and France who might have let's say unique content tastes, that you need to go more local with your spending in those markets than maybe some of the early international markets, for example.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: I do think that what's popular in a market is much more a reflection on what's been available to that market over long periods of time. So what we've been really encouraged by is just how international our original series have been. So you take non-English speaking territory, you spoke about Brazil earlier, and not only is it non-English speaking, it's a non-Spanish speaking Latin American territory. And in the last 30 days, eight of the top 10 most watched things in Brazil have been Netflix original series. So these shows play very well, throughout Europe as well. Now that being said, we think it's worth it to complement the selection by focusing on some local productions in those territories throughout Europe and throughout Latin America. So where Reed had mentioned, but on May 5, we'll launch Marseilles, which is our first French language show filmed in France, starring Grard Depardieu. We're also filming original series in Spain, in Brazil, in Italy. So we are definitely investing in local language content, particularly in those markets that have shown some desire for more local programming, but as a complement to our global offering.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And, David, does that mean by default those markets may be lower margin than the U.S. market long term?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: No, I don't think that's what Ted's saying. I don't think you can equate the two. Even when we're looking for a local original like Marseilles, we're considering the economics of that production based on the total French diaspora, so not just people in France, but people outside of France that are interested in French language content. So I don't think you can  you can't necessarily equate those two. And we preference the content when we're developing those local originals for things that have potential demand outside of the original market that it's produced in.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And our Japanese original, Hibana, for example, we're launching this quarter. And that will be available globally, so think of all that content where we're developing it locally, distributing it globally, and connecting the world through that. And we think that's a very powerful formulation that will help us grow for many years ahead.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: The Marseilles example, Grard Depardieu is the biggest star in France and one of the biggest stars in the world. And we have about 2 million people in the U.S. who watch French language television regularly on Netflix. So that's where we're talking about the scale that we could bring to a production like that for France and Europe, but really for the world.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Ted, what's your biggest non-English speaking audience in the U.S.? You said France is 2 million  French is 2 million.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Probably Hispanic.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Probably Hispanic. I would imagine it would be Hispanic.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Makes sense. Reed, were you surprised that HBO said they had about 800,000 subs after about six months going head to head with you as a standalone product?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: A little bit, I think it's a great product. I use it all the time, but then I think for many other people, they probably just subscribe to HBO on cable and they're used to that.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: So you thought the number would be higher than 800,000 subs?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: Yeah, just because I find it  the thing I like about HBO NOW is it's just easier to use. You can use it on the mobile. You can use it on many different Internet platforms, but then I'm pretty Internet-centric. So I may not be  apparently I'm not as typical of the audience, but they're continuing to do great work. And what that does is just reinforce to the consumers how great this new Internet thing is for TV. And it just sets the drum beat. So I hope they continue to have more and more success.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Ted, there's more money coming into the market for programming, HBO, Showtime, Starz, you guys, Amazon. Crackle is getting into it. Verizon is spending a lot of money. CBS All Access, I've got a list. And that's just in the U.S. Does that number continue to get bigger in perpetuity, or does it retract at some point? People say all right, we've overdone it, we're going to pull back on this matter.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: It's hard to tell. People talk about the growing content spend. But what we're able to do is find the shows and get the shows that we want, and we do have to pay a lot for them. But coming back to the phrase earlier, they're really spectacular, what we're doing. And I think when you see Orange, when you see The Get Down, when you see The Crown, you'll know why we're investing what we do.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Peter, I think it's a debate around how to best monetize your content. And if you believe you can, over the long haul, best monetize your content with your own app, then you'll go that path. If you believe you can best monetize it by licensing it to Netflix, go that path.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Thanks.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: What's been the feedback initially from members around your price points in the rest of world markets you launched in January? Obviously, relatively expensive versus existing sort of Pay TV or entertainment options, any thought about changing your sort of global price point approach in those markets?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: We really haven't seen price be much of an issue. But then today, we're serving English language speaking elites around in these countries. So in the model of what we're doing, in targeting the high end, the price is fine. We'll see over the coming years and we expand, and we may need some flexibility eventuality, but nothing in the short term. Why don't we do the last two questions here?
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I was just going to quickly follow up on that topic, and I'll hand it back to Peter for the last one. David, you guys are working on more local language offerings, better payment processes, other kind of operational improvements in those rest of world markets. What's the timing there? Should we be thinking about that through the remainder of this year, or is it a longer term timeframe?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: It's both. So you'll see some this year, but really it's about the next two years to three years in terms of improvement. We've only just started skimming these markets. So we'll be looking at them opportunity by opportunity, and you'll see some this year, but you'll see some continued into next year and even into 2018 I think. But we have a big opportunity in front of us, as Reed pointed out. Many of our Internet peers have a dramatically larger business outside of the U.S. versus inside the U.S. So we're pretty excited about that opportunity.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: And I think one of the really exciting parts about being in all these countries is being able to discover the next great storyteller for the world. So because we're more focused thinking about India where we weren't thinking about that at all a couple of years ago, we acquired this great film at Braham Naman at Sundance this year that we will be premiering around the world in June, and it really is a discovery of a great Indian director named Q who I think everyone is going to be talking about over the next few years and having that kind of global sensibility increasingly is going to help programming for everybody, not just the subscribers in those countries.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: And so in a movie like Braham Naman, it's an English show, it's accessible to many people. But YouTube has over 50 languages, we only have about 20. So that scales for you roughly how far we've got to go.
Benjamin Daniel Swinburne - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: You guys are moving into more and more kids' content. Does it make sense for you eventually own the IP yourself, instead of licensing it through Disney or Dreamworks so you can create ancillary revenue streams?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: We do a lot of both. The consumer products addition to those projects relative to the content value itself is pretty small. We can look to optimize that stuff down the road. In Q2, we're launching nine seasons of original kids' content, including a new season of All Hail King Julien, which is nominated for a Daytime Emmy. This year, we have 33 Daytime Emmy nominations for our kids' content across seven of our different shows. So we're really focused on building up the quality of that programming that's exclusive and original to Netflix.
Peter Kafka - Re/code: Do you see a Ted Sarandos Land or a Reed Hastings Land at some point?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: We were going to nominate as Kafka Land.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Founder and CEO: So to wrap up here, I want to thank Peter Kafka who's been with us these last few calls and is retiring from this side job. And thank you for your involvement in this. And to all the investors, thank you for your support. We had just a great quarter with 6.5 million net adds over 81 million subscribers. We cannot wait to breakthrough 100 million subscribers sometime next year. It's going to be a big celebration. We're looking forward to it. So thank you very much.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Thanks.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Chief Executive Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Peter Kafka - Re/code Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q4 2015 earnings call. I am David Wells, CFO. I am joined on my right by Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will be Peter Kafka from Re/code; and Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Just a reminder a cautionary statement that we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. Over to the first interview question.
Q - Ben Swinburne: Ill start out, maybe for Reed and the team, can you reflect on the fourth quarter results for us that we are all going through right now, in particular, talk about the international strength, you mentioned you were pleased with the October - September-October launches, so can we infer that the outperformance versus your expectations may be came from those areas or any color you can give us on the international strength to start us off?
Reed Hastings: You know weve got over 50 countries in Q4, so we had a lot of experience Ben, predicting these markets. And then we launched in Japan in early September and Spain, Portugal and Italy in mid-October and lets say theyve gone very well as we said in the letter. In terms of the outperformance, it was pretty broad based, many different contributors around the world to that. Now what we are seeing basically is that this on-demand Internet TV, watch wherever and whenever you want, its very popular wherever you go in the world.
Ben Swinburne: And just taking that question over to U.S. for you also may be for David, a little bit later this quarter then your guidance or budget, talk to us a little bit of the churn connects dynamic and anything you would want to add around credit card chipsets or any other issues you want to bring up around Q4 performance in the U.S.?
David Wells: Well Q4 I would say was pretty close to our projections, were literally with an hours of it, but so we did anticipate that net additions would be lighter year-on-year. I would say the credit card was a background issue in Q3, it continues to be a background issue. But the larger thing is that its just the next 50 million or a little harder than the first 50 million in terms of growth and we are doing everything on the content side, on the product side, were continuing to improve that service, but youre seeing that the law or large numbers when you grow steady at 5 million, 6 million net additions a year on a larger number then that percentage growth is smaller year-over-year and thats what we predicted and thats what you see in our guide for Q1 as well.
Peter Kafka: Hey guys, last quarter you said credit card issues were bad rate issue, this quarter you said they are background issue, how long do you anticipate this is going to be a problem for you additionally, any sense of why you are the only major consumer company, thats called this out as a problem?
David Wells: I dont think where the - Peter, this is David, I dont think that were the only one. I think because we are recurring merchant anywhere from five to ten basis points, 15 basis points is sensitive to us, we have optimized, we spend a lot of time optimizing our recurring billing systems in our approach and so we are very sensitive to it. Again its a small thing. I think we want to focus on the larger things and not the small things. And we anticipate that the ENV rollout will continue into 2016 into Q1 and Q2 and well always have even globally these issues where there is mass reissues of things and disruptions in the recurring systems that we have.
Peter Kafka: So this be fall into the small thing category but last quarter you added IOS signups, any impact surprising one way or another from that?
Reed Hastings: You know weve always been able, customers have always been able to sign up on IOS but they had to do it in the mobile web Safari Browser and now they can do it in app. And its a positive, its not transformational but its really nice positive and a particular in new markets as we expand around the world where were less note and less trusted, the comfort for customers in terms of using the Apple payment mechanism versus entering their international credit card information is helpful. So think of it has one more in our long list of great payment options that we have.
Ben Swinburne: Reed, I want to come back to the outlook in the Q1 guidance in particular, starting with international, you mentioned in the letter, the 2016 markets are you are playing the long game here, but the guidance is obviously impressive and well above the expectation. So is some of - are the 2016 launch is a big contributor to what you are expecting in Q1 and sort of for the year internationally or just continue momentum building on the existing markets, any color you can share there?
Reed Hastings: Yes, a lot of both. I mean honestly our global guides for over 6 million net additions will be a record for Netflix and so we are super excited about that. And whats amazing is were seeing some of our new shows like Making A Murderer not only be huge here in the U.S. but its emerging as a big hit around the world for us. And you kind of expect Jessica Jones to carry internationally and once been phenomenal about Teds teams programming is that you know these more unusual content titles have also had great draw around the world.
Ben Swinburne: Let me just ask you about the U.S. just to pick up on Davids comment with the next 50 million, so what are you doing as a management team maybe thats head on the content side, what is your research telling about the people who actually dont have Netflix today, what is there, some generous thats not being addressed well enough, is there a distribution decision you guys need to make to go after that, what are you doing to maybe go after that other opportunity in the U.S. market.
Reed Hastings: Well, David is big thinker, so he is thinking about the next 50 million, Ill stick with the next 5 million. And when we can clearly see the next 5 million, its Ive been hearing a lot about it but nothing yet has compelled me to join. And so the big driver is getting people excited about whatever title we have and then making it easy for them to join. So whether its integrating on the Smart TV or integrated into the MVPD set-top or the Apple TV those are the things that make it easy to fulfill that desire. But the underlying desire is for these new titles which is why we are so excited about the year coming and the content the Ted teams put together, so maybe he can talk about some of the big hallmarks we have in the next few months.
David Wells: Yeah, I mean just upcoming in this quarter, you are going to see, so then we as - we were pleasantly surprised by how excited the world is overfull our house. So this upcoming, you ask about different kinds of programming for the next 50 million or 5 million depending on your level of aggression that getting more and more mainstream and some ways with the programming. But as a function of breath, as a function of doing more for all taste, so opening that up to include multi-camera sitcoms like The Ranch, like Fuller House, we have also really single-camera sitcom with Arnett called Flaked and the four season of House Of Cards, so youve all this kind of breath just in a single quarter were releasing is more programming than most networks run the whole year.
Ben Swinburne: That being pleasantly surprised that shows that are not necessarily all in English are being embraced by U.S. audience just one of those things that has been rolling around in Hollywood for a long time that U.S. folks dont watch subtitles.
David Wells: The continuing success of Narcos in the U.S. where this primarily Spanish language show is being watched enormously mainstream numbers in the U.S.
Peter Kafka: I guess for Reed and Ted, since last quarter, several of your suppliers most specifically time wonder in Fox have been every more explosive about their desire to pull back on the amount of content they sell to you, is that cause you to accelerate your original programming or you ordering on that same trajectory?
Ted Sarandos: Weve been on the trajectory accelerate original programming. I mentioned a couple weeks ago, were going to launch 600 hours of new original programming this year alone. So it is a function of as our budget continues to grow, as our subscriber base grows, we are licensing programming and we are creating programming. As a percentage of our spent, original spending is growing, but as an absolute there are licensing dollar are continuing to grow as well. And Fox is an important vendor for us just like the all are within were also a very important source of revenue for them.
Peter Kafka: I mean if that rhetoric was less intense if they went out they are saying look were going to stop selling to us but would you be pulling back on original spending?
Ted Sarandos: No, I think weve - the positives ever come for original spending have been tremendous in terms of our international growth, in terms of really distinguishing and differentiating Netflix from an explosion of our services.
Peter Kafka: And then when you think about the Marvel relationship, do you see expanding that one or is that kind of sort of stay steady where it is right now?
Ted Sarandos: Its a pretty expansive relationship already and then we have five seasons - five different series going in, we just announced yesterday that we are going to a second season of Jessica Jones. So when you look at those five series with multiple seasons plus the crossover season of the Defenders, its a huge commitment and we are all the way along the way, you are going to be introducing new characters who have the potential to spinoff and grow that relationship in further. So its very important for Marvel, its very important for Disney.
David Wells: And for us.
Ted Sarandos: And for us, absolutely.
Ben Swinburne: Just Ted sticking with you on content, why the call out of family programming emphasis in the letter, any comment around sort of what you are doing maybe differently there and now you have a quarter behind you with some of your movies in the market, what you learn, how does that change your appetite around film?
Ted Sarandos: Well what the reason we call that out is to acknowledge if there is a large volume of specifically if kids programming coming out when normally people think if Netflixs original programming, they were thinking about our sophisticated dramas and adult comedies more so than our kids programming, but quietly but I am asking a very big selection of original kids programming at Netflix. Kidscreen magazine is what the Netflixs number one outlet for kids programming on television which are really proud of. And thats going to continue to grow and we just - we are also looking to grow categories like Fuller House which are programming that are watch together, parents watching - show that their kids love that they dont just tolerate but they enjoy too, and its a real underserved market and thats why we call that out specifically. And on the movie side, it was a great for a swing I think with Ridiculous Six and Beasts of No Nation. Beasts of No Nation is in the discussion about the Oscars didnt quite make it there but picked up nominations in almost every other category, the viewing were thrilled with around the world and have been continued to be throughout and thus we expand a new territories both Ridiculous Six and Beasts of No Nation are watched in huge numbers in our new territory. So were really excited about and weve got an aggressive site in 16 to keep pushing on it.
Ben Swinburne: And just shifting over to the hours date, Reed that you gave in Las Vegas and then some in the letter, this comes up kind of every quarter, people try to understand the penetration growth curve in these international markets. So if you look at the European markets where you gave the subscriber number last fall, I think penetration grows relatively light so far sort of nearly versus say the UK which was much stronger, what do you guys doing with you can David as you think about trying to accelerate the growth in some of these markets that have been tougher out of the gate and what are the characteristics that we as investors and analyst should out in these markets understand the dynamics that drive these growth rates overtime?
Reed Hastings: You know the first year in the UK was a really tough market, so its usually successful for us now but its not true that it always well. We saw the same thing in Brazil for different reasons. So being light in the beginning doesnt worry as a bit. And what weve seen in market after market like Spain, Italy, France, Germany, is this building momentum as we do more and more local content. Weve got this amazing Sophie Marceau coming out in May, I think will really uplift the way that our French members think about say non-members in particular, so were really looking forward to that. So its a natural building cycle. And I think the way you should model that is pretty consistent growth in all of the territories. The variation is pretty modest. Again if you time adjusted you know from whenever we launch.
Ben Swinburne: And just on your time spent number, I think we calculated in the fourth quarter anyway about a 12% increase per average sub year-over-year which is impressive given you added a lot of new international markets, anything you can tell us about sort of the highest and versus the lowest and whether all markets are still growing, it would appear that the U.S. is still growing which is you know impressive, maybe you could talk about that a little bit?
Reed Hastings: Well, were continuing to invest more in content, more in platforms in terms of the performance and the speed and the service is growing. So I think its natural that were continuing to grow on all those dimensions on you know the per membership basis as a service which was in the idea. Think about smart phone usage now compared to ten years ago, of course the number of smart phones is up, but the usage in utility is up. And I think weve only scratch the surface, you know Netflix is a tiny percentage of all video viewing today, so we are tremendous potential growth ahead of us if we can continue to execute, we can continue to produce great shows to have this global launch with no snaffles, so not a hard execution but the market potential is really quiet large.
David Wells: I would add that you, the more content that were adding the more likely you are going to land on a show that somebody cant live without and I think thats what were seeing as we are expanding in not just the volume of content but also the breath of generous that we are covering in our original shows and our original movies.
Peter Kafka: Reed, weve talked a couple of ago in addition India you called out Philippines, Saudi Arabia is particularly important markets for you, anything else you want sort of emphasis in terms of the 130 plus counties you rolled out a couple week ago?
Reed Hastings: With also a number of countries that have language match, so Philippines a lot of people speak English, we have English language content. We have subtitles in Arabic, you knew weve translated our service in Arabic, so thats a good match for Saudi Arabia. And then in much of the world Russia, Poland, Central and Eastern Europe, were still only in English. So weve got a ways to go over the next two year, well keep adding more languages and make the service more relevant. So we look at it in sort of two categories where we got language match and where we dont yet. Were seen both a growth but more substantial growth in those obviously where we have language match. And then beyond language, we have work to do on payments in terms of in each country there are often local payments or different traditions around payments that will start to work on. So think of it as you know weve really begun on the international or global expansion rather than its all showed up and were all complete on it.
David Wells: Weve had two weeks right, so weve been two weeks in terms of that launch.
Peter Kafka: And what are you thinking about as you move into markets where mobile internet sort of the dominant way the people get online, traditionally people are watching on a connected TV, what happens when they are used to watching or consuming things on a phone?
Reed Hastings: Yeah, same thing, you just watch Netflix on the phone just like you watch YouTube on the phone. A lot of that phone viewing is on Wi-Fi because of the data charges. And then what you do on the sailor networks is try to have the most efficient video codex you can have and were working hard on that. But think if it has you know its the same way that people use other Internet video services like YouTube.
Ben Swinburne: David, I want to come back and maybe talk a little bit on the numbers, can you update us on your expected cash burn for 16 and then help us understand the relationship between content, cash to the P&L versus cash as we move through this year maybe into 2017?
David Wells: Yeah, there is no change here, so we said before that were on pace to burn about a billion dollars of cash mostly on our branded or originals content, that ration of cash to P&L is about 1.3 to 1.4 and that continues to hold. So you see that it will run up in a peak in certain quarters if we take delivery of a lot of original content and then runs back down. But I think the 1.3 to 1.4 range of cash to P&L expense will continue to hold. And so far our expectations of use of cash have been about as expected. You see in the letter that we wrote that were on pace to use about a billion dollars and maybe a little more this year, but we upsized our debt last year about a year ago and so you know in terms of timing wed be looking at later this year maybe early next year before we would need to do any more on the capital side.
Ben Swinburne: And on the U.S. margins, and I realize how you allocate cost between the U.S. international markets may change overtime, but you got a lot more operating leverage last year then perhaps we all thought heading into the year, you maintain this 20-20 guidance of 40% contribution margin, is that just being conservative or do you expect maybe some change in amortization rate to slow the margin expansion down, what color can you give us about the pace of U.S. margins?
Reed Hastings: Well not the ladder, I would say there are couple of points on this. One is that you know to the extent that we launched Western World then it was a little early then maybe 24 months ago that we would have been fully global or near fully global. I would say the U.S. P&L did receive a little bit of relief right, but thats a onetime thing and that sort of goes away. The second point is, we continue to add content and add an efficient level, I mean we look at the hours views and what is generated by the content versus the cost and we continue to see new additions even in the U.S. and markets that are have been in place for four to five years now, we continue to see viewership and Ted talked a little bit about engaging new audiences, you know youll see us do that. So I think - you know for the foreseeable future, we think we can grow both margin and grow the content spend even in markets in the U.S.
Ben Swinburne: Back to international, I know you guys arent going to offer any more guidance on when you might go into China, but when and if you do, do you imagine that you are going to have to restrict or alter the catalog based on censorship or other issues of the Chinese market?
Reed Hastings: Yeah, the standards at least today they are fluid that the government uses restrict like Game of Thrones reportedly as you know had 10 or 15 minutes from many episodes cut from it and so there are issues conforming to those local standards. Thats true of all of the Western content thats produced well as well as the Chinese content of that market. So well be on a level playing field with all other services.
Peter Kafka: And same territory, would you have to enter with JV or some way you could enter China without doing a JV?
Reed Hastings: There is all different flavors, if you look at how Disney lie for iTunes or others have done. So you know were talking to different partners building the relationships. But again as I mentioned a few days ago, we have a very long term look and this could be a many years or discussions or it could happen faster than that, where you know going to take our time. And that clearest example is really the iPhone which took many years for Apple to get approval for that and now its a very large business for Apple. And so our view is for looking out for the business a decade from now, we should just be very patient and continue to build those relationships and listen and learn. So were in no hurry. And most of our time and effort right now is going in, how do we build the Japanese market, how do we build the Philippines market, how do we build the Saudi Arabian market, markets that are open to us and available right now.
Ben Swinburne: I want to ask about content spending maybe for David and Ted to comment on you know we presume a relation between subscriber growth and content spend is not linear going forward. So as you guys think about growing the U.S. business, how should we think about the pace of growth in content spending? And Ted is the 50-50 original acquired ratio still your long term expectation or have the relationships with the vertical integrated media companies maybe later that at all?
David Wells: Let me take part and then Ill turn it to Ted. So I would say Ben, you know it is true that once you get to $4 billion of spend, the rate of growth is going to slow down, so that is definitely true on the U.S. side. But back to my earlier comment, we still think that there is great content to be added to the U.S. service that is efficient that will continue to increase the competitiveness and attractiveness of the offering in the U.S., so we are going to continue to add to that service. Its had a slower rate of growth but it continues to grow. And in time, it not true yet, but in time, we will be adding more of our original branded content than our licensed content. So today, weve been adding both, weve been growing originals rather quickly. Well continue to grow originals quickly but you are seeing a lot of that added to the U.S. market. And to the extent that were successful and Ted maybe this is good transition to you about finding content that works across markets, you know there will be blurring in the lines between what is really U.S. content and what is international content and vice versa.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, I mean I think the order this is going to be doing something that doesnt feel modernizing for the world that still feels like great programming for everybody. And then weve had tremendous success so far, I guess that would not goes primarily Spanish language sure working in countries they speak every different language and making it as Reed pointed out, in many parts of the world these kind of true detective documentaries are incredibly popular in Prime Time television. So were pleased to see these continue to be grow global generous. Where you asked about our suppliers and the confutation is probably overstated, but there is a lot of letter going around right now about how quickly and how aggressively people will license. Its still a very competitive business. And then I think what happens is that people sell their programming to the highest bidder and if we are that bidder, we get the programming and if someone else is, they will get the programming. And thats true today, that was true five years ago. So I think whats happening now is were very pleased with the results of the original spend and not just driving it up, not fear are being cutoff on either end.
Peter Kafka: And Ted just on that foot point, what should you glean from your DreamWorks extension obviously thats a family journal and I think its kind of an output, you could correct me like output deals, and then on the same side, the CW renewal has not happen, I think that deal sort of still out there. Is that an example where you can get some independent studio but not with a vertical integrated one?
Ted Sarandos: No, the DreamWorks is not an output in the traditional sense meaning that we agree to a certain levels of programming but we work together and what that programming is going to be and developing those shows along with DreamWorks. And weve been thrilled with the results, those we took it to be into more territories and expanded the number of years of programming that will come through that deal because its been working great. And I think this in the CW deal thats just in the process of negotiation, its not behind in any normal process. And as you know its a time on tradition to negotiate in the press, so you are seeing some of that for them and right I would say its just in the process of negotiation. You should also keep in mind that no matter what happens in the CW deal is the programming thats currently there remains with us to run those series, so its not like were going to wake up one day without the programming. And wed like to make that deal work, its great programming, we have a great relationship with CBS and Warner Brothers on that deal and we like to continue it.
Ben Swinburne: Reed you said you didnt think Time Warner should spinout HBO but if they ignore your advice, is that changer view of the way HBO would be - would act as a global competitor for you they have ability do things outside of Time Warner, they cant do within Time Warner?
Reed Hastings: You know HBOs been a great competitor one we admire for a very long time. You might have seen the recent news that they are now are offering, HBO now direct to consumer in multiple new nations, they started just in the Nordics then some countries in Latin America, now in Spain. So they will be a formidable global competitor overtime again independent of their ownership.
Ben Swinburne: And then speaking of competitors, Ted want to offer a theory of why your competitors at NBC and Fox and other networks spend a lot of time talking about you last week at the products association?
Ted Sarandos: It might just be putting up a shining object to deflect, they talk about Netflix is sort of whats going on their networks these days. But I really couldnt tell you why, it was - NBC was a particular puzzle both mostly because they used as an example to show that produce for us to try to illustrate how what was and wasnt working with data that didnt feel very true to us, so it surprised everybody at NBC.
Reed Hastings: I think its just a tactical mess which is kind of funny in the press.
Ben Swinburne: Is the talent to anyone else ask for numbers or they happy now or customer reduction they are going to tell?
Reed Hastings: And we follow the coverage from the DCA most of them offered up that they are very happy with the relationship and not to be under that kind of weekly ratings show that wouldnt matter much of the success anyway, so they are happy not to focus on it.
Ben Swinburne: Coming back to David on some of the financials, David, I think you said at CES or your presentation out in Las Vegas about 120 million loss a quarter internationally, its on a levels that make sure thats the right way we should be thinking about the year. And then on raising more capital, you mentioned in the letter you are looking at lower your cost of capital which we presume would have been the case, what are you referring to specifically there some of the gyrations in the high yield market causing you to think about raising capital definitely have in the past?
David Wells: So on the first question, you heard me right in terms of 120 million. Looking ahead I would say there is two things that might alter that not materially but plus or minus 10-20 million that would be foreign exchange, I mean we continue to have an environment where were running deep into some pretty headwinds of foreign exchange, if that continues that might challenge that 120 million upward a little again 10-20 million. And then the other thing is just carving out a little bit of room for us. Like I said we are 14 days you know or two weeks or so into a global launch. Weve got lots of markets that were in early days of setting our level of compelling and competitiveness in our service offering. This year is about investment, youll see that, were focused, you know were committed to a global breakeven, but were also trying to build multiyear businesses in many of these markets. So if we see opportunities, I think there is a little bit of room for us to pursue those later in the year to pour some additional content marking whatever the right mixture of investment is. But it is true, its about a 120 million, it wont meaningfully depart from that too much but it could be 10-20 million within that.
Ben Swinburne: And then you should assume that that instruments are similar to the ones weve used in the past, weve been very happy with those.
David Wells: Yeah, sorry Ben on your last question, nothing is changed there, other than our confidence that will continue to drive some meaningful profit in the 17-18 and to the extent that people are focused on backward looking financial metrics in terms of credit worthiness. We think that will become a better credit risk overtime, you irrespective or whats happening in the high yields markets. You know today, their bonds have traded pretty well.
Ben Swinburne: And just follow-up David on your global breakeven point, I think operating income was down a bit in 15 versus 14, but if I look at the 16 outlook for international losses, you just gave us plus some U.S. margin expansion, I think operating income overall should grow a bit of the 15 basis, I need to know am I thinking about things the wrong way, just I want to know that?
David Wells: No, I think you are doing the right math, but I think you are - that question is a little bit of a modeler in terms of looking at the narrow numbers. Thats true and in terms of the math, but in general I would say this year is about our continued international investment, were not really focused on making sure operating grows, the operating income growth is sort of an outcome of you know focused on international expansion but also committed to consolidated breakeven.
Ben Swinburne: Understood.
Peter Kafka: You guys said you are releasing people from grandfathering this spring on this price hikes, David or anyone else, are you thinking about ways you might reach out to folks were going to see the buildup by a $1.2 and keeping churn as low as possible?
David Wells: Yeah, its pretty simple, I mean well, let him know that the certain date, the price change takes effect, so nothing dramatic, pretty straight forward simple stuff.
Peter Kafka: Great, Reed Ill catch you here. Now Ive been able to watch sort of what Amazon is doing with its bundle and Starz and Hulu, anymore thought about attaching yourself to any other over the top service in some sort of bundle?
Reed Hastings: Yeah, I mean we do direct consumer research and we havent been able to detect any significant take rate on those. So well continue to watch and learn and detect you know our people on Hulu taking a lot of show time where is it pretty much on the market.
Peter Kafka: But you are seeing it right now?
Reed Hastings: Were not seeing it so far.
Peter Kafka: Thanks.
Ben Swinburne: Lets start little more about the 2016 launches. Can you guys talk about how the go-to-market strategy is it for these markets versus international markets maybe at a high level operationally when you are thinking about markets like India or part of Africa, whats the different about what you are doing here versus what weve seen before?
Reed Hastings: So extremely similar to how we launched Latin America where there is a couple of countries that we focused on directly and there is still some countries that we havent yet visited you know four or five years later, but we have a lot of members. So the Internets are beautiful thing because of its openness. So again its a very similar to our Latin America launch.
Ben Swinburne: And anything you are doing on the payment side, since you brought up Latin America, I think that was a challenge initially, I am sure youve learned a lot but what can you do proactively in some of these markets to help smooth that for the consumer?
David Wells: Ill take that one. So I think we - you know weve got pretty robust payments teams that weve invested internally in building that out, getting smart in terms of the payment systems across the world, were pressing on gift cards and prepaid cards that might open up you know to the market to those people that dont have access to a credit, debit card. But in rest of world, again its pretty early days and I think well take the approach that we took in Latin America which is just to look at our next best opportunities to open up additional pockets of the market. Weve done this before not in Lat-Am but in other places and well continue that without playbook in the rest of the world. Our partners are another element of this right, so Reed mentioned IOS will be looking to draft off of large partners in the group in terms of IOS, Android and other options you know and there is a lot of evolutions going on in the payments world. But I got miscoded at city by saying that were interested in big coin, but what I said was it would be nice to have in five to ten years of borderless currency like that coin. I think those people that are so excited about it are interested in breaking down those barriers and in using the power of the Internet and the Internet age you know to reduce the friction of payments that are existing today in some of those banking structures. So well be drafting off those long term as well. But in the near term expect us to continue to just knockdown the best opportunities in terms of adding local payment methods, credit, debit cards, drafting off partners as well.
Peter Kafka: Are you guys, you are participating with TMO and their Binge On program, are you going to Verizon on I think they are calling it FreeBee I think they announced today?
David Wells: You know I dont know enough of the details of FreeBee. But generally the great thing what TMO was doing is making a limited video consumption of possibility with freedom from oaring about the data caps. And the Quit Procol from the customers standpoint on Binge On is that they only get DVD quality on their four or five inch screen, which when you look at the DVD quality is actually very, very good, but thats a really unique grogram that T-Mobile has done and its seeing our great reception amongst all users and we are seeing viewing going and I think TMO was seeing somewhat positive benefits from that, so we help those kind of programs expand.
Peter Kafka: So Reed, can you explain why you are comfortable and in participating in programs like that and then how that differs from stuff youve complained about a Comcast in the past with their data caps?
Reed Hastings: Well its voluntary on the customer, any customer of TMOs can decide to turn it on or turn it off, that would a big difference and then they are not charging any of their providers, its an open program, many of our competitors such as Hulu and HBO are in the program also but its an open no charge program where they are really focused on trying to get the customers some optionality of limited to DVD quality and then you get unlimited viewing which you know their customers are choosing.
Peter Kafka: So you dont feel what the network putting it and saying we favor this kind of program and from this kind of studio, this kind service?
Reed Hastings: Correct, thats the big difference, thats right.
Peter Kafka: Thanks.
Ben Swinburne: With the 750, $8 price point in these international markets for the immerging markets where you know thats a relatively expensive price, do you reserve the right to sort of go down market overtime as well?
David Wells: Well were starting off definitely appealing to elite. I mean I mentioned that in Russia and Eastern Europe you know were still in English. In Vietnam and Cambodia, were in English. So were serving elites. You can think of them as a shorthand as iPhone owner, so that they pay $800 for an iPhone, they are comfortable with entertainment in English, and so for them you know $8-$10 is a sweet spot price. Certainly in future years you know as we do more and more and trying to expand it to the mass market, you know we can look at additional pricing option, but we feel good about our pricing and the value for these global originals right now.
Ben Swinburne: And just on these internal markets, you know there is a lot of press coverage on the BTN situation and proxies and maybe you can walk us through what you are doing as a company thats going to change your policy from prior periods and could you envision situation where that might impact your net adds because you have a million of customers in an international market that suddenly have - went from having a fake U.S. accounts or having an access?
Reed Hastings: I dont well see any impact and weve always enforced proxy locking with a blacklist, now weve got it expanded an enhanced blacklist. So I dont think were going to see any huge change.
Peter Kafka: Just to be clear, so if you dont think there is any huge change with VPNs and other proxy workarounds and then why go ahead and do it all, just purely did to play kit content providers?
Reed Hastings: You can call a play kit or you can call catering to their desires which you know they have the gentlemen desires that we license content in Canada you know its not fair us to be or our customers to be get in that you know if weve only paid for Canada, so we are trying to pay for it all by shifting to global licenses and we are working with our content providers on that, but its perfectly reasonable what the content owners want and we know there will be some people effected that are using it today which is what we wanted to be open about it, but its really a continuation of what weve always done now with this enhanced blacklist and some other techniques.
David Wells: And remember all of our originals are fully global, they go live in every country at the same time around the world. Increasingly we are spending most of our licensing dollars on content thats successful in that way from small things to other way to big things like Oscar nominated movie The Big Short well have the Pay TV window around the world, so people will be able to watch that movie on Netflix wherever they are.
Ben Swinburne: In the past you said piracy is a major competitor in any concern that the VPN and proxy workarounds will push some of your users back to piracy?
Reed Hastings: You know if we see that there is probably so few of them, its not a big contributor to overall global piracy. Overall global piracy is a big problem and were working with all the content owners partially to be a great carats and also to have the other services like HBO and Amazon be great carats. And so we can work together on this antipiracy agenda.
David Wells: And I think dual filter hacking in piracy are maybe just in cousins are best, I mean I think dual filter hacking is people hacking to pay versus piracy where people are hacking not to pay.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks.
Peter Kafka: I am curious that you guys could talk about where you are investing on the technology side, I think your long term letter talked about over 700 million in tacking development in 2016, there is some comments in the letter about complexity based in coding. And what about to hear beyond the general areas you are spending money is what are you doing them to reduce the required speed or bit rate thats needed to stream and enjoy Netflix, you know particularly thinking about the 2016 in the mobile first markets?
Reed Hastings: You know I think the whole industry is working on these advanced version of H265 to be able to do very high quality in coding with small bit rates. And so YouTube has made great progress on that, we made great progress. So I think you know again people have been working on efficient video encoding for 50 years, its one of the classic computer science problem, so we are seeing good progress there, we are seeing a lot of progress on our algorithms and being able to rank videos for each person even that are being able to promote to the right person the right content, hopefully you are seeing some of that in your own experience where this is this Justins that is the billboard at the top of the page or more often you know very appropriate and something you are just dying to watch.
Ben Swinburne: What are the minimum speed you think someone is going to need in a market like India on fixed line or on mobile to actually stream Netflix?
Reed Hastings: The minimums around half a megabit, so you know thats been consistent in the past. Its a fairly low quality picture, its around 700 or 800 kilobit to be able to do DVD quality.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.
Peter Kafka: You guys have said few times now that Making A Murderer have surprised you and success surprise you, can you talk a bit about sort of why you had more modest expectations for that, the surprise of that success has gone, how do you sort of rethink sort of your modeling?
Reed Hastings: Well it surprised me because I know so little about these things. When I met with the filmmakers and you know heard about the Murderer, sequence was interesting, but I thought it would be a specialty thing. I would say Ted and his team had that surprise, they always believed in this content.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, it had a - there is something very special about of it from the beginning. When it came to us it was seven years into making already and this is came to us over three years ago and recognize then even before making original docs that they had something really special on their hands. The surprises that you see it perform at the levels of script and series, even our best documentary series have done very, very well but not performed in such mainstream numbers.
Peter Kafka: Right, so given that surprising you thought were going to sort of rethink how it evaluates for more shows or you sort of or this is happy success and you are happy to move along with?
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, I mean its on the continuing of expanding it anyway, so it was, its only our second documentary series weve - we started with Chefs Table which is a very different show and the next documentary series are probably very different from Making a Murderer as well.
Peter Kafka: Ted, some of your competitors -
Ted Sarandos: Including - in fact it starts in a couple of weeks or just or this week, I am sorry Chelsea Handler and Chelsea Does will be our next documentary series.
Reed Hastings: We should take one more question and then let everyone go.
Peter Kafka: Real quickly, Ted - I guess for Ted. Your competitors report that you are in many cases overspending despite significant amount for original programming and as well as repeats, do you think that gap is going to continue, do you think its going to increase, do you think eventually sort of fall in line with those spending?
Ted Sarandos: Well first of all Id like thank them for endorsing our spending to talent. But the truth of it is the only reason we can in their own work and Johns own words have shock in outspending for a series is because we get shock in our viewing on that series that Dave expected that David said earlier, the efficiency of the content spend has been great meaning that we are spending a lot on great shows and they get a lot of yielding relating to licensed programmed or relative to other programming as well. So weve been excited about it as part of and I think its a competitive market place and overspending is relative, I would say if the show like The Get Down like The Crown which are relatively expensive shows are successful its money where spent the way was for House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black.
Reed Hastings: Out of respect for one of our long time questioners and your colleague Rich Greenfield, who had a question about Charter and was a good, if Charter acquires TWC for the Internet industry OTT. Ill answer proactively that I think it would be a tremendous positive for the OTT industry because Charter has agreed to a multiyear strong net neutrality policy something no one else has publically agreed to and that would cover not only the Charter footprint but the Time Warner cable footprint. And that means that we, Hulu, Amazon and others can compete on an open basis. And so it would be a huge step forward for U.S. policy in terms of OTT. Thank you all Peter, thank you Ben, well talk to you again soon.
Peter Kafka: Thank you.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Founder and Chief Executive Officer Theodore Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Peter Kafka - Re/code Mark Mahaney - RBC
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q3 2015 earnings call. I am David Wells, CFO. Joining me today from the company is Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will be Peter Kafka of Re/code; and Mark Mahaney of RBC. Now, today we will be making forward-looking statements, so actual results may vary. I think I am turning it over to you Mark for our first question.
Q - Mark Mahaney: Thanks, David. First question has to do with domestic streaming market for Netflix. Sub numbers for the second September quarter in a row came in light, you talked about involuntary churn. Could you give a little bit more color around the source of that sub add weakness? Is this a temporary problem and then just delay concerns that it could be due to greater increased competitive pressure or due to pushback against some of the recently disclosed price increases?
David Wells: Sure, I could take this one Mark. I would say that in terms of additions they were pretty strong through the quarter in terms of flat year-over-year. In net additions they were down year-over-year, and that we explained and attributed to our involuntary churn or payments-related churn. We think partially that was due to the transition to the chip cards, which is still ongoing. And we've reflected that trend going forward into Q4 in our guidance. We don't think though that it really affects our addressable market size of 60 million to 90 million. I would say last year we had a little bit of concern at the same time, when we over-forecasted Q3 and we ended up in Q4 delivering up to 6 million subscribers for that year. We've done about 5 million to 6 million for the last four years. So I would say our thesis on the addressable market isn't really changed, isn't changed. And in terms of the involuntary churn, we've been improving that. It's better year-on-year, but it has impacted at our levels even on a small basis, 10 basis points, 20 basis points.
Reed Hastings: So next Q3, Mark, you could be sure that we're definitely going to have low guidance in July. So we think it's just the summer part.
Mark Mahaney: And then, Reed, you've added 6 million net subs for the last four years in the U.S., at some point you can't sustain that, your level. As you look forward to next year and what kind of keeps you in that 5 million to 6 million range, so just address issues like your confidence that the marketplace will accept the price increases. Is it that we should expect a greater amount of original content coming up to help keep that sub add level that 5 million to 6 million. Just address how the consistency of that growth going forward?
Reed Hastings: When we look at the last couple of years, where we've been -- last four years, we've been about 6 million net adds in the U.S., and then accelerating number of new members internationally. But restricting the comments to the U.S., it's fundamentally that internet TV is better than linear TV. The consumers can watch when they want, on what type of device they want, and the content has just got better and better. So the fundamental confidence about the large scale is because on-demand is a better experience than linear, and the entire market is going to move from linear to on-demand internet television over the next 10 to 20 years. In terms of the specific, when we look at the shows that we have coming out next year, that gives us a lot of confidence. We have the Disney pay-one deal coming in the U.S. in the third quarter. Third, fourth quarter next year?
Theodore Sarandos: Fourth of next year.
Reed Hastings: Fourth quarter next year. And so we got just a tremendous content coming in. I am sure there is a lot of competitors, but there always have been. I mean we've competed against cable and satellite, and we've competed against YouTube and all kinds of pay-per-view and DVD. So there is a lot of ways to consume entertainment. And despite all of those, Netflix keeps growing, because we keep improving. So that's why we feel good about next year, both domestic and especially international.
David Wells: And then just a narrow point, Mark, on the pricing. I mean, we changed the price in the U.S. last Q2. Q3 came in less than expected, but then we delivered in Q4, and then substantially Q1, Q2 of this year with a higher price. So I don't think you can ascribe that to a price for the U.S. in terms of growth.
Peter Kafka: Hey, guys, I want to ask an international question. But first, can you just go back and explain a little more about the involuntary churn and what it was with the credit cards that caused people to be unable to pay? I've got the same account number, what happens when my card type changes, it prevents me from paying. And what didn't you see that happened in Q3?
David Wells: Peter, this is David. It's not consistently the case that people don't have the same account number and some issuers are going to replace that number when they issue that. And for us as a recurring merchant, where we really want to reduce the friction of renewal and reduce the friction of having any sort of interaction where we have to update your payment method and present an opportunity not to do that, it just means that there is more noise introduced into that. And we think it's a contributor. Like I said, it's likely multifactor. There may be other things going on here, but certainly the transition to the chip cards is not helping, and that has to be a factor in it. And we're only partially the way through, so the U.S. issuers are going to continue that in Q4. They were supposed to be done in October, and they're not. They're about a-third of the way through. So we'll continue to see that in the U.S., as we go along.
Reed Hastings: And gross additions were above forecast, right?
David Wells: Correct.
Reed Hastings: That's why we're attributing it to the misforecast, which is quite modest, because this is the most accurate forecast we've ever had on an overall basis to this slight change, relative to our forecast in the involuntary churn.
Peter Kafka: And you said the international numbers came in where you expected, but you didn't provide any color on sort of which territories are doing better or worse than others. Are there surprises by territory that something do particularly well or particularly underperform?
Reed Hastings: They're all doing really well, but some are bigger than others. But for competitive reasons, we don't give per country color. So we are continuing to learn in every market and improving every market. Every market is growing. But some are doing better than others, which you would expect, and that's up to us to manage to get the total portfolio to be as fast growing as they are.
Mark Mahaney: It's Mark again. So Reed let me ask you one question and then Ted a question to you. Reed, I know in the last earnings call, I think, you cautioned people not to get too robust in the Japan launch. And then also argued there or made the comment that Brazil was like a rocket ship. So at least could you just update maybe a little commentary on those two markets? Our survey work indicated that Brazil was in fact a rocket ship, is that continuing? And then Japan, should we continue to be mellow in terms of modest in terms of the ramp up there?
Reed Hastings: It's clearly, clearly undisciplined, my no commentary on countries. So if I said it was a rocket ship that has continued. Brazil what we're seeing is this with a tough economy, a value-based product like Netflix, that's very inexpensive is really appreciated. And so even though there's tight economic times currently, that has not held back our growth. And we were definitely pleased with the content and with the offering that we had. And maybe Ted you can talk a little bit about the Japanese content offering.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes. I'd say, even back to Brazil, I mean one of the great upsides, and this was our Global Original series Narcos. The star of Narcos and the Director and Creator of Narcos are both Brazilian superstars. So Brazil has received Narcos particularly well as it's been well-received around the world. In Japan, I think what's been really great too is the local acceptance of our Global Originals. So we're seeing them perform as a percentage of watching, about the same, as they are in other territories, which again defies conventional wisdom that Japan is primarily a local territory. And we hedged a little bit too and had some local Netflix original content in Japan, including a show called Terrace House is doing particularly well too. So I think it's been a great success in being able to make shows for the globe and extend to places as diverse as Brazil and Japan.
Reed Hastings: And Narcos is really just such an incredible story, because it's two-thirds in Spanish, and that was a huge success for us around the world, including France and Norway. And so it really speaks a lot to our ability to connect the world to do amazing shows around the world that are great stories for everyone.
Theodore Sarandos: And great stories travel.
Mark Mahaney: Ted on the original content launches, as you're thinking about next year, can you help us think about whether the original content launches as a whole are going to be as impactful, less impactful or more or so than what we're seeing in 2015?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, I can tell you that I would say as impactful. I don't know if that'd be more or less. But certainly as we continue to expand into second, third and four seasons of our original shows, what you see there is the franchise value grows dramatically. So as this initiative is aging, the desire to see the new seasons builds up more and more excitement. And we're not waiting for next year for that, we have an amazing launch scheduled for Q4. In the Marvel Defender series, we're bringing out the second show, Jessica Jones in Q4 as an example, which I think is going to spark a lot more interest in the entire Daredevil run, and the next one is coming up after that.
Reed Hastings: When we talked about the $5 billion content budget for next year, you said for sure, it was going to have more impact.
Peter Kafka: On license content, there's a lot of chatter about some of the studios, networks pulling back for stuff they're licensing to you folks. You guys addressed that in your shareholder letter. You said some content providers may choose to license to you, some may not. Have you seen evidence that people are actively steering content away from Netflix in particular?
Theodore Sarandos: The media business is absolutely influx. As Reed said, you've had this growing move away from linear and towards on-demand, both watching and spending. So the future of how the networks and studios deal with Netflix, and Hulu, and Amazon Prime Instant Video, is certainly going to determine their future. So there is a lot of caution. And you see how volatile the market can be just with a turn of a phrase last quarter. So I think what's happening is, is that you're hearing a lot of chatter, but you see in our earnings letter, we detailed some major global television deals we've signed across the board with our suppliers. You should keep in mind that those particular deals are big rocks to move with our suppliers. Buying and selling global television is a brand new behavior to the industry. So whatever you're seeing is more chatter, but roughly business as usual. But of course, some caution, caution that's been around since we've been licensing streaming content.
Reed Hastings: Peter, the caution it's SVOD wide. So when you think about new content on Hulu, I mean Hulu is even more of our cord-cutter's dream than Netflix is, because it's got the network shows day after. So you really want to read it. A lot of the concern is about SVOD generally, which is to be understood.
Peter Kafka: But Hulu is owned by three of the major networks, James Murdoch at Fox said he'll be working with you differently. A show like Empire, the biggest show last year is going to Hulu and not to Netflix. Are you seeing any of the Hulu studios in particular steer content away from you and towards Hulu?
Theodore Sarandos: Remember we're buying show by show. So what happens is happening on the show level not the supplier level. As Reed said it's particularly puzzling that considering that it's much more disruptive to give commercial free options the day after broadcast and it is the year after broadcast.
David Wells: It doesn't address the strategic issue that is supposedly causing the anger with a backlash or the choice not -- 
Theodore Sarandos: For accelerating cord cutting in that case.
Reed Hastings: And the thing to tease out here is, let's say, the Empire creators, they get paid based upon how the show monetizes. So the studio is under an obligation to monetize that as fully as they can. So Hulu can outbid us, as they did on Empire, and that's fair game. But they can't win it at half the bid, because then the participants don't get paid the right amount.
Theodore Sarandos: And I think participants are well in tune with that as well.
Mark Mahaney: It's Mark. Let me ask two questions. One on the Epix deal and one on some of the background to the price increase you just announced. On the Epix deal maybe, Ted, could you comment on this. So the decision to not renew it, could you just kind of explain that? Was that due to the economics that you thought were going to be part of the deal really didn't come through for you? The cost per viewing hour is too high? Was it that there's a broader movement at Netflix away from feature films? Were there too many restrictions on a renewal? Just kind of explain to us why that deal didn't get renewed?
Theodore Sarandos: So some of our core initiatives around our content are around exclusivity, and accelerating windows and giving consumer access to content earlier and earlier, so the pay TV window has been particularly out of step with consumer desire to watch content when they wanted. And exclusivity, obviously, when we entered into our agreement with Epix, we were kind of de facto exclusive, and since then they dramatically expanded their cable distribution, which is great for them. They did a deal with Amazon. They were about to do a deal with Hulu when our deal was coming up for renewal. So what we said was that if we were going to do a non-exclusive deal for Epix, that would put the content on Netflix several months after pay television and they are completely non-exclusive. It wasn't a very strategic investment and therefore it would be very small relative to what we had been paying. And so we agreed that were -- our strategic initiative and theirs were diverging, and we just went our separate ways. We do a great deal of business with Lions Gate. We're continuing to expand our business Paramount and MGM around the world, so this isn't a studio problem, it's just really was the Epix product was less and less in tune with what we're doing at Netflix around exclusivity and windows acceleration.
Reed Hastings: And while the movies on Epix are quite good, we found that there is more awareness on the original side and what we're hoping for over this next two year as we launch, so really incredible movies that are highly original and premier on Netflix as well as in the movie theater simultaneously that we can do better putting the money into those kind of spectacles that we create more consumer desire and awareness through that vehicle than through this additional pay-one licensing.
Theodore Sarandos: And I think that some of the economics match the success of original program, original series programming, which is for the cost of production. You have full exclusivity and global rights in perpetuity versus a very narrow window a year after it's released in the theater in one territory. So a $1 billion of output spending versus a $1 billion in for original spending and they turn out to the right strategy.
Mark Mahaney: And then, a follow-up question on the price increase. So this is the second dollar price increase, I think, in about a 15 month, 18 month timeframe. How do you think about pricing going forwards? Is this now the Netflix norm about once a year $1 price increase? I think long-term you believe you've got a lot of ARPU power. Is there any change in thinking about whether that's due to tiering as opposed to just straight up price increases?
Reed Hastings: So Mark, Netflix is $7.99 for our standard -def offering. It was $7.99 last year, it was $7.99 two years ago, three years ago, so yes it is due to the tiering. And what we're trying to do is spread out the tiers, so that now we've got the $7.99 standard-def, but $9.99 high-definition, and $11.99 ultra-high definition. So think of it is related to putting in a good tiering mechanism as opposed to anything else, and really Netflix is highly available. And standard-def is DVD quality, its not bad quality at all. So that $7.99 for DVD quality, unlimited streaming video, it's an incredible value.
Mark Mahaney: So a follow-up on that, does that mean that we should expect those three price points to stay the same for the next three to five years. Do you have the tiering that you want right now?
Reed Hastings: We're not making any prognostications about the future on the pricing, but it is related to the value. And the more that we have incredible value, the more that we have amazing originals, then over time we're going to be able to ask consumers for more to be able to invest more. And that's been the rhythm we've been on as we did the tearing and introduced that, if you look at how much broader and bigger our content is now than two years ago, I think we fairly delivered on that promise.
David Hyman: And I think, it's worth saying that consumers have acknowledged that I think, that with the combination of grandfathering and the content additions that we've been able to make in the terms of the reactions, I think people are acknowledging that there is real value being delivered through the service.
Peter Kafka: On the original content side, for a couple of years you guys have been making your own shows and you've never acknowledged that any show was less than successful. You never had to take a write-down. As you start spending more on original content and as you make bigger individual bets on things like movies, at what point do you think you will be able to tell or investor should be able to expect to hear from your performance of individual shows, movies or any other kind of content that -- ?
Theodore Sarandos: So Peter, you should keep in mind, that as our slate of original programming grows, the diversity, the size, the scope, the scale of those shows is different. So when we say a show is successful, it's because relative to the investment it's successful, relative to how else we would have spent that money on licensing something else, does this creation, did it attract the audience that it was built for. So the range of budgets is very broad. The range of audiences we expect to bring to it are very broad. So that's why we've been right in so far in terms of predicting the size of the audience for these shows. Not that they don't all reach 30 million subscribers.
Peter Kafka: You haven't made any mistakes in your projections and your original content to date for the last two years.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, we've not had content write-down, so to your point. So basically we're saying is that we're investing according to the size of the show. And when we've been wrong, there's been more upside than we had forecasted. So we had got into our original programming, very conservative in terms of our modeling, relative to licensing, and have found that it's been much more impactful.
Reed Hastings: Peter, probably the best way to externally tell, is do we take on additional seasons of a show. So some shows have been so successful that we're moving on to season fours. One show had a lot of growth, it was great for what it was. The season three was the final season. And so you can say, well, therefore that was less successful, and that's true. But so far, we haven't had any show that's performed so weakly in season one that we haven't taken it to season two. I'm sure there will be such a show eventually, but that's probably the best indicator that you or an investor could use, and it didn't really work for us. Yes, we didn't do more of it.
Theodore Sarandos: And in that case you'd say it was relative to an eight season show, it was less successful, but in its own economics were was quite successful.
Reed Hastings: Yes. Go ahead.
Peter Kafka: Recently Amazon just moved to block the sales of Apple and Google streaming devices with their competitive products. Given your dependence on Amazon's AWS, are you rethinking that relationship? Can you rethink that relationship?
Reed Hastings: AWS has been a great supplier to us. They demonstrated again and again strong market leadership, strong attentiveness to our account. We could not be happier with AWS. And they've always kept that separate from Amazon retail. So with Amazon retail, we've had up and down issues for a couple of years, we couldn't buy ads on IMDB, things like that, and that never spilled over to AWS. Now, we have a really good relationship with Amazon retail also. But the important point to your question is they manage those separately, and we're very committed to AWS and are comfortable with that commitment.
Mark Mahaney: Let me switchback over to international markets. I think the overall sub numbers came in higher than expected and the guidance was a little bit higher than the Street at least expected. But the mix of free subs was a little bit higher than I think most people had expected. Do you have a decent read as to whether those free subs are converting like you've seen in other markets, any particular reason that there is extra risk here, because those subs may not convert as well?
Reed Hastings: No, you should see those consistent.
David Wells: Yes, there is no change in trend there, Mark.
Mark Mahaney: And then in a fourth quarter, I think your international revenue forecast implies like a trailing off in ARPU or pretty sharp sequential drop in ARPU, is there a particular reason behind that? Are you at specific price points in some of the newer markets that you're launching?
David Wells: No. It's the strong dollar, Mark. So there is a bit of a headwind there because of the strong dollar.
Peter Kafka: On the content side, HBO one of your big competitor is moving into news. A lot of that supposedly aimed at millennials, theoretically your customers as well. Is that something you guys would contemplate at all? And then some more question for sports. You guys have repeatedly said you're not interested in sports. Are you willing to serve conceded that maybe you would be a little interested at some point down the road?
Theodore Sarandos: Well, look on the news side, I think we definitely are being more adventurous in terms of the genres that we're going into. We're getting ready to launch Chelsea Handler's talk show early next year, that's our first move into talk. Kind of aimed at the same kind of thing, we have a weekly talk show, where most of our things have been very long shelf-like movies and television series. So I think it's a very kind of similar migration or certainly exploration. And in sports, I think we're in the same place. There is a lot of irrational bidders for sports. We're not anxious to become another one.
Peter Kafka: So to translate that sounds like you're saying you're not likely to move into sports, but news you're already interested in and may increase that appetite.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes, we're interested in being able to improve the viewing experience whatever kind of content people are watching. So I think in sports, sports on-demand is not as exciting as sports live, where I think everything else that we're doing that kind of freeze the viewers from the linear schedule in ways that they enjoy and more enjoy the programming, then we could bring some value to that.
David Wells: So Ted you're leaving the lead there for innovation, right. You're giving yourself a little bit room for innovating.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes, exactly.
Reed Hastings: Well, let's be clear on that room. What's the likelihood that we compete directly with VICE in the next two years?
Theodore Sarandos: Probably high.
Reed Hastings: There you go.
Peter Kafka: All, Amazon, Roku, Google, I'm missing somebody, Apple, all introduced new streaming boxes in last few weeks. Are you seeing more usages and more growth from sort of dumb TVs with smart boxes or you're seeing more usage and growth from connect TVs that have the stuff baked in?
Reed Hastings: They're both growing. They compete with each other. So those categories are growing. It's only really the game consoles that are not growing as fast for secular reasons, the early on. They were the only high-connected devices attached to the TV. And now, they are facing competition in share from smart TVs and from these attached devices.
Mark Mahaney: David, a balance sheet question for you. I think in the letter, you talk about looking to raise additional capital next year. Do you think the next year will be the last year in which you'll need to do that, as you think about the plans for the next three to five years? And then any additional color on what kind of capital or how you would raise that capital next year?
David Wells: Well, it's largely unknown, right. I mean you're asking me three or four years out. But I would say, given our plans to expand content and given the fact that we're on pace to use about $1 billion this year and no indications that that would shrink next year, we wanted to give some headway or some inside into the fact that we may be back in the market next year. We've done that on a regular sort of cadence of about once a year. So there is no change from that. But there is still some uncertainty in terms of the pipeline, how much we would need exactly next year. But I would say, safe indications are that we will be back in the market in the next 12 to 18 months.
Reed Hastings: And then a success scenario, where Ted is able to invest the originals as well in the future as he has in the past. We would hope to be back, because we want to be funding these incredible creative productions around the world. So in a success scenario, we would do a bunch more over the next five, 10 years.
Mark Mahaney: And in terms of contribution margins maybe again David for you, I think you reiterated your goal of getting to 40% contribution margins in U.S. by 2020. Are those European countries and some of that in Canada, some of that earlier countries that you launched in. Could you just talk about what the contribution margin has been like in those markets? Has it been similar to what you did in the U.S. over the last three years?
David Wells: Well, similar to the comment of Reed, we don't give a specific, Mark, in commentary for competitive reasons. But we have said and I'll reiterate that there is nothing structural that means we can't get equal or better margins outside the U.S. that we've seen in the U.S. And we gave you a data point on Canada that that had reached U.S. margin. About 18 months ago, we gave you a point on that. So there is no reason that we couldn't do better. Largely it's determined competitively within that country or that region in terms of how well we do on the profit side.
Peter Kafka: Recently you guys agreed to sell subscriptions to Apple phone users via iOS in app purchases. For years you didn't do that. Are you paying the same 30% tax that everyone else pays, when someone gets an app subscription through Apple? And then why make that change now after years of not doing that?
Reed Hastings: It's a great opportunity to expand. So historically, we've only been on the Apple TV and that on the iPhone. And we don't comment specifically on the business terms. So I can't directly answer your question. But we're really excited about the potential, especially as we go global over the next year-and-a-half to be able to serve all of the iPhone customers around the world. So some higher motivation on our side to get access to that incredible iPhone customer base around the world.
Peter Kafka: If that does generate a lot of new subscriptions, will we see the impact of that on you financials? Will those come in significantly lower monthly revenue numbers?
Reed Hastings: No, the revenue is the same. You would see an increase in COGS to deal with the fees to Apple. That's where it would show up. But it's essentially the gross revenue the 7.99 or 9.99 that shows for us.
Peter Kafka: Curious what you guys think of new streaming offerings from Verizon and Comcast both, what you think of them as actual content? And what you think of the notion and broadband providers that you need to work with, now competing with subscription or streaming services?
Reed Hastings: We're really big and everybody has got to get into streaming. It's been our main message for several years, that what is known as channels is going to become apps. And that all of these providers need to have great apps on a phone, on a tablet, on a TV, so it's completely consistent with all of that. And what we see is if we have great content, then consumers watch our service and enjoy it and tell their friends about it. And it kind of doesn't matter that there is also a great sports game on or there is also a shows on Verizon or on Comcast. So part of the reason that we may seem a little blas is that it really hasn't affected us. What has affected us is when we have great show like Narcos that just takes the world by storm. So that's what we're focused on, how do we have more incredible shows.
Peter Kafka: Do you think that the products of Verizon and Comcast just launched are great products?
Reed Hastings: It's early in the market. They are great companies. They will work on that. But I'm not going to critique them. They're all, they are in, they are trying, and that's a great thing. Of course, you seen Sony Vue, you've seen the Dish sling product. So people are really innovative, which is great for consumers. And not every product, when it first comes out is great, and they'll continue to work on them.
David Wells: And there are certainly better iterations than their prior versions. So they are getting better.
Theodore Sarandos: Our first streaming offering was pretty ugly.
Mark Mahaney: Ted, we got a couple of series of emails about whether Star Wars is going to be available, all the films on the Netflix next year, what's the answer?
Theodore Sarandos: They're all subject to negotiations. It's up to Disney, how they want to manage access to those assets before, during or after the release of Star Wars 7. So it's certainly an ongoing discussion.
Reed Hastings: And assuming Star Wars launches theatrically this year, then it would not come to Netflix as part of the [multiple speakers].
Theodore Sarandos: No, it would be the last title on the Starz, in the Disney output going to Starz.
Reed Hastings: So it wouldn't come to Netflix.
Theodore Sarandos: Yes, correct.
Mark Mahaney: And then there was a new user interface launched on the site about four months ago, and hoped that that would be kind of improved user retention satisfaction levels four months in, any takeaways?
Reed Hastings: Super happy with it, and we're generating new improvements already, improvements there, improvements on mobile, improvements on the TV. So thinking a product group is just an amazing learning organization. It's always pushing the balance and its steady improvement on all of those fronts, Mark. And it's the aggregate of that, which has us at so many viewing hours and so much customer satisfaction that we've been working at all of these improvements over the last seven years on streaming.
David Wells: And that's been very flattered in terms of being imitated across the world.
Peter Kafka: You guys changed your amortization schedule for your license content, just like you had for originals, you said it's because you're seeing more viewing in the first month. What does that mean are people -- does that mean people are less interested in the stuff than you thought overtime or they're more interested than you thought. Originally what does that tell us about viewing behavior?
David Wells: Presumably, Peter you're referring to that amortization change or the change in accounting estimate. And no, it doesn't. You can't conclude that nor should you conclude that from the change. What we're saying is there is more viewing in the first month not necessarily less viewing over the lifetime, it just moved up a little bit. And it could be that we view that at so much good content over the last few years that it's become -- you have to make a good choice, right. You've got 20 good choices, you're choosing. So it could be that the merchandising system is concentrating a little bit of that when something comes in. Regardless, we try to be accurate in our accounting, and we follow the trends regularly on a quarterly basis. And this past quarter, we noted some content that was trending up, so we accelerated the amortization on that. We wanted to be upfront, even though it's relatively small based, if you look at it in comparison to the overall U.S. content spend it's relatively small.
Reed Hastings: Peter, let me give you a little example, it will help on this one. Suppose we pay $1 million dollars for a title for a four year license, and we think it's going to go 1 million hours of viewing. But the title is just incredibly popular, and instead it does 10 million hours. But many of those hours are in the first month as supposed to spread over the four years. Well, then we would accelerate the amortization of that million dollars, even though the whole thing is doing much better than we ever thought. Its relative proportion overtime is more upfront. So that's why we would front load that million dollars.
Peter Kafka: And generally what's happening, are these things over performing or is there a mix where they sometimes are performing less well than you thought?
Reed Hastings: It's not about the total performance that gets us to change the amortization, it's the relative performance overtime. And so if it performs a lot in the beginning, relative to how it does at the end. That's what gets us to accelerate. So your earlier question about write-downs is what's missing. You're not quite getting that, let's see, if a title under performed our estimate, but was very back-loaded, then the right accounting would be to shift it out further as oppose to pull it up. And so you're thinking of it in a write-up and write-down sense, and that's not actually how it works. The schedule is based upon how it does overtime relative to the license period. Did that example help?
Peter Kafka: No, no, but in both cases you're saying look, we have these things for so long that it always worked out. That is why I was asking about the write-down part. You've never once reached a point where you missed entirely and you found something that no one wants over any more time.
David Wells: Let me take that, Peter, because I think there has been a couple of questions on that. We certainly license things that perform less well than we expected sometimes, right. There is a portfolio of content that we're licensing. We don't always get it right. But in the case if something that doesn't perform as well as we expected, we're not a producer that has ultimate revenues like a production studio that has to write that down based on a lower expectation of revenue. We have something available on our service in broadcaster accounting. And in broadcasters, if we're deriving revenue over the life of that license period over the service, it doesn't result in a write-down. It just maybe an opportunity cost that we can license something better down the road.
Theodore Sarandos: Well, and a good recent real world example is Longmire. We just released the original fourth season of Longmire. So season one, two, and three, which we've licensed for several years on Netflix, they were at the kind of tail end of their life, actually exploded when Longmire season four launched. So it's very unique to the behavior, like nothing actually performs like everything else. So we are trying to do is make sure the amort matches the viewing patterns.
David Wells: And it's a good lead in to remind everyone that these are dynamic, right. That's why we look at it every quarter, because things change. We see when something gets released like Longmire or we release the third season, then the first season of that particular title may see a bump. So it's something that we're constantly looking at.
Reed Hastings: And where it's ambiguous, we would tend to want to amortize it more quickly. That's advantages to us.
Theodore Sarandos: Right.
Reed Hastings: But it has to be justified by the actual viewing patterns.
Mark Mahaney: On global rights deals, Ted, just a big picture, as you see yourself, is the company able to negotiate more and more of these content deals on a global rights basis?
Theodore Sarandos: Yes, it's definitely been the drive of myself and my team all year, trying to move the sellers into a more of a global mode. Remember, they are mostly situated as regional sellers of content, sometimes the rights are fragmented in their ownership. But in the cases of the deals we did this past quarter, they were controlled by one entity and typically solved by multiple regions and we corralled the deals into the corporate offices, and were able to license the world on those titles. Titles that we think will have great global appeal. So I think the growth, the opportunities, the challenges of Netflix are all global, so that its having a lot of regional discussions around the world isn't that efficient. And it turns out that tastes are rather global too. So it's actually really well lined up.
Mark Mahaney: And then Ted or Reed, when you think about the mix in international markets of local versus global content, any general change in your thinking on what the optimum mix is, and you find it that you're constantly toggling with depending on the market that you're in?
Theodore Sarandos: It's interesting, like you said every time we launch in a new market, we know more in that first 24 hours of viewing, than we did from a year of research. And in terms of the move, I think, we went in expecting Japan to be much more local than it turned out to be. It's more local than other territories, but not as local as conventional wisdom would have had. And it actually moves with a global desire for some of these large shows, so that the local tastes are usually determined by what you have access to. And if we're growing the access to great content around the world, people are moving or migrating to that kind of viewing. So that's why we're able to do local language originals, our own global originals and then licensed content, not just from Hollywood to the world, but from the world to the rest of the world.
Peter Kafka: Another international question. Can you guys give us any update on China, either in terms of what you're thinking about in terms of timing or what your approach is going to be to a really regulated market there when you do show up?
Reed Hastings: We can tell you, well, we're still learning a lot. So nothing really specific our helpful, except that we're still in early stages.
Peter Kafka: And lot of you guys mentioned getting in new Pay TV Window for a specific movie, The Big Short. Are you negotiating those deals now on one-off deals for individual movies or you're doing these for whole slates?
Theodore Sarandos: There were conversations directly with producers. So a lot of times, well, if you can get to the rights before they get fragmented, that's when you could do those deals. So they tend to be more curated title-by-title in that way.
Mark Mahaney: Reed, I think I'll just ask one last question directly to you. When you think about the biggest challenges that you think Netflix faces over the next several years, three to five years, what do you think they are? What do you focus most of your time on?
Reed Hastings: Well, I would say the biggest challenge is, our being the service that people want, really feeling out more movies and more TV shows. We're working so hard to have these great original productions, and if we could have 10 more Oranges and 5 more Narcos, I know I'm putting a lot of pressure, that would be really transformative. Especially, I'll bring up the Narcos, we've got an example, because it was filmed in Bogota, Columbia. The main company doing it, it was a French company. So it's a very international production; Brazilian cast. And we have an incredible production Marseille, which I'll give a little plug for, that's in filming now. And I think it will be a really great crossover around the world kind of crime, drama, family, politics. And the more we do these around the world, obviously, that's great in a local market in terms of establishing our bona fides and reputation with customers. But it's also great, because there is something new, something fresh. And as long as we're continuing to push the bounds on things, like original movies or international productions, then the consumers are really embracing.
Mark Mahaney: David, help us think through and it's I guess one of same things I am sensing very strongly is just increasing appetite enthusiasm for original content. From a P&L perspective, that $5 billion next year in content spend, theoretically if that was 25% original content versus 15% or 10%, the impact of that on margins, as you mix shift more and more towards original content, is that accretive to margins?
David Wells: Well, the good news for me as a forecaster is it does take Ted a little bit of time to actually produce these shows. So anyway, we get a little bit of lead time in terms of some visibility into the production. So our targets at 40% U.S. margin already encapsulate this shift towards originals overtime. I think we made some earlier comments about a long-term shift that could be upwards of 50% of originals, and we still anticipate being able to meet our margin targets and also shift towards originals. It's going to bring more amortization in, but we think we can do both.
Reed Hastings: And I'll use the word expansion. So think of it as our license content is growing, but our original content is growing faster. There is a mix shift, but I don't want that to get misunderstood as a reduction in license spending.
David Wells: We are still spending on licensed content.
Theodore Sarandos: And remember, between original films, original cartoons, animated shows for kids, our original scripted series, we're releasing more original titles in Q4 than we released in entire second year of original programming. So it is accelerating rather quickly and you're seeing it.
Peter Kafka: Reed, you said for a while now, the future of TV is apps, and now Tim Cook is saying the same thing, it's now the conventional wisdom. Do you think individual viewers or consumers want to pick and choose their own apps, their own shows, serving in a la carte world or do you think there's a role for someone who sort of bundle all the stuff back together.
Reed Hastings: Well, that will be a really interesting question over the next couple of years. We're going to work really hard to expand our movies and TV shows so quickly in such a compelling way, that lots of the viewing for movies and TV shows is through Netflix, which is sort of what makes us want to focus so much on that area. But I could imagine future bundles emerging. Once there is a whole bunch of apps, and as you go through this industry change now, next probably three, five, 10 years, where there is a lot of discrete offerings, everybody is improving their brand value. And then you get to a maturing phase of the market, and then there is some consolidation, which could be acquisitions, it could be other things or it could be bundles. But the next couple years, when you have this new phase of the market, I think everyone is just racing to make a great app like Netflix, like HBO Now, those things. We should hit your last question here, because we're running out of time.
Peter Kafka: This will be it. It's a small one. You're seeing some folks sort of rebundle already, right. Hulu is showing Showtime together. Would you be comfortable having Netflix bundle with another service?
Reed Hastings: We don't see a lot of take rate from our consumer side on the Hulu Showtime. We think we're better focused on just establishing the Netflix brand. Again, at this phase in the market, we think the real key is focus. At some future time the bundling may be appropriate. Of course, we'll keep an eye and watch the Hulu Showtime take rate to see, to confirm that there is very little traction of that. So we'll be open minded. But our instinct is focused on making Netflix the passion brand in this space. End of Q&A
Theodore Sarandos: And before we sign off, we should remind everybody that Friday, tomorrow, is the premier of Beasts of No Nation on Netflix and in selected theaters around the country.
Reed Hastings: Awesome movie. I hope you guys all watch. Thank you guys.
David Wells: Thank you.
Theodore Sarandos: Thank you.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-15 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Hi. Welcome to the Q2 2015 Netflix Earnings Interview. I am David Wells, CFO. Joining me today on the company site is Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today is Mark Mahaney from RBC. And sitting (00:29) in for Michael Nathanson, who couldn't make today, is Rich Greenfield, veteran interviewer. So we welcome him back. Just a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements; actual results may vary. I think it's over to Mark with our first question.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thanks, David. This was an upside quarter. Let me go through  we'll go through some of those factors. I'd like to ask you about them. You did 900,000 net adds in the U.S. You had guided for 600,000 net adds. That's an usual level of upside. What drove it and how sustainable was it?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: We think it's content. It's the building momentum of our original content. It's hard to isolate it specifically to that. But given that we've grown at about 600,000 subscribers for the past two years and this year we were up to 900,000 subscribers in Q2, which seasonally is usually a weak quarter for us relative to Q1 and Q3 and Q4, we just had a really strong slate; and I think it showed through in our results, both U.S. and international.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, Reed, as a follow up, you've long talked about 60 million to 90 million potential subs in the U.S. market. Looking at these results and looking what's implied in the guidance for next quarter, it looks you're on track to add more subs this year in the U.S. than last year. Do you feel better about the upper end of that range, any comment, any updated thinking on that long-term range?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, Mark. We've been tracking at 5 million to 6 million net adds for several years now; and our hope is that we could just keep that going, 5 million to 6 million net adds every year for a number of years. And then we'll be solidly in that range, (02:03).
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Reed, when you look at the price that you offer, the actual Netflix price of $9, when you think about the fact that the average subscriber is now using Netflix over two hours a day, it just seems like that price point doesn't really fit with the amount of usage. How do you think about the elasticity of your price point now? Do you either start raising price more often or do you simply let people increase their price and they take you through the 4K plan or they need four subscriptions per account, like how fast can we get pricing up now?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Rich, our entry level plan in the U.S. is actually $7.99 for our standard-def one-stream plan. So it is incredibly affordable, and that's part of what's propelling our growth. We also want to motivate people to be able to move up to the two-stream and the high-def and also the ultra-high def plan as you referred to. Over the last year, we've raised ASP about 5%. We'd like to keep that moving. So we're going to continue to have incentives for people to move up in the plans as suits their usage pattern, but we want to take it very slow. Things are going well. There's no reason to be disruptive. We're not planning anything in the U.S. this quarter. It's really focused on going very steady, very slow; and over the next decade, I think, we'll be able to have more and more content and add more value and then to be able to price that appropriately.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: But are there other ways that you can increase price or tier pricing beyond 4K and number of subscriptions per household? Are there other choices that you've thought about or even tested anywhere globally to drive price or ARPU?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sure there are other ways to do it, and the way that we've chosen is working very well for us. So then we tend to focus on the core, getting more content, more streaming, better usability and the structure on the price tiering is unlikely to change.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: A question for Ted. Going into this year, the company has been saying for a while this is going to be a big original content year, it's showing through in the sub numbers. Does it set up this issue where every other year you've got this tough comp in terms of new content? How do you think about  how do you follow this act, how robust will the new content be next year? Does each year have to (04:28) up higher and higher in order that you don't go down with the subs and the stock and go up with the subs and the stock, how do you make it more  how do you steady it out?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Well, we have two things that are working for us. The one, we're launching new shows that have become great brands on their own, but also as these shows grow into their second and third and fourth seasons, they're actually more attractive on their own. So we're adding more breadth of content, more original series; and those series have become bigger and bigger brands that down the road will become subscriber events as they grow.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, David, let me ask you one more question just on the U.S. subs. There was a new user interface on the desktop that much more immersive experience. There were also a lot of competitive launches that maybe gained greater  increased the focus on the streaming potential use case for consumers. Do you get the sense that either of those were materially impactful already or the user interface improvements of those (05:24) of the impact on the sub base?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: No, Mark. Generally, we don't see  when we do a large user interface improvement. That's a very distributed effect. It's something that we're always focused on improving. Generally, it rolls out across our device landscape. We're pretty proud of a lot of the work that we've done; and in fact it gets  imitation is the best form of flattery. And so our user interfaces get imitated quite frequently across the world; and we're glad to be leading and innovating in that space. But it doesn't really translate immediately to subscriber growth. It's really a diffused retention benefit that we see through year-over-year in terms of the improvements in retention. And then in terms of the competitive announcements, we didn't see anything that was specific that we would point to.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Ted, you've talked about wanting to being HBO faster than HBO can become Netflix. When you think about the demographics of your user and how  if Reed wants to get to 5 million to 6 million subscribers in the U.S. each year going forward for several years, what types content do you need to create? And what are the demographics that you're weakest in that you need to figure out programming to hit, beyond just simply the pricing plans that we talked about earlier?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Well, I think what you've seen, Rich, is that we are launching content to multiple demographics and in all genres (06:45). So the reason why you are seeing the kind of engagement that you are seeing is that we're finding content that everyone can love, so not just one show that's meant to appeal to everybody, not a handful of shows that are meant to appeal just (06:57), we're doing shows that are kind of very mainstream comedy, we're doing very elevated shows for some, we're also doing cartoons for kids. So we really are kind of programming it across demographic and not trying to be one thing for all people or not having our brand really define what kind of content that we're doing. You've seen in a few of our recent announcements a traditional four-camera sitcom that we hope will be watched in even bigger than traditional way, called The Ranch with Ashton Kutcher, bringing back the cast of Full House for a new show called Fuller House. But we're also doing things that are very edgy, very tough, cinematic shows like Narcos that's premiering next month, or the revival of Wet Hot American Summer with an all-star cast with Paul Rudd and Bradley Cooper and Amy Poehler. So it's really programming across demographics. When I said that we wanted to get to be HBO before they got to be like Netflix, I meant that we'd have to get very good at original programming before they get really great at the technology and the direct-to-consumer relationships that they're only starting to invest in now.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, Ted, do you want to just mention the success we've been having with the Spanish language content in the U.S.?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Absolutely. We've recently expanded beyond our own original shows. The only way to watch those shows in Spanish in the U.S. is on Netflix with subtitles and dubs available that we're making for Latin America. And now we've licensed a lot of programming from Latin America into the U.S. and are getting incredible viewing on shows that were successful for us in Mexico that are now drawing huge numbers in the U.S. And, again, that's a very different demographic than we've targeted before and are just barely starting to touch them by getting hundreds of thousands of hours of days on single shows. So really, really impressed with the relatively quick take-up on these shows.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And maybe just tying this into international, as you think about the programming that you're now creating across these various segments or demographics, how are you thinking about the ability to leverage the programming and what's the success of these individual programs overseas versus the U.S. and some of the new markets that you've opened up? And just how that ties to David from a margin standpoint overseas, because I think that's a big investor question?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Sure. And the thing that's been very encouraging is that the proportion of international viewing of our series are pretty stacked the way you'd expect relative to the subscriber base. So Orange Is the New Black and Sense8 have enjoyed great success all over the world. And all of our shows, as we launch, are to a differing degrees out-indexing in some cases our U.S. subscriber base or slightly under-indexing depending on the install base and how U.S.-centric or Latin American-centric the show may be. We expect Narcos will be an enormous success throughout everywhere in the world and maybe out-index in Latin America, given the Brazilian star and Brazilian director and heavy Latin American cast and that we shot the show entirely on location in Colombia. But we also think the show will be a huge hit for us in the U.S. So we're seeing that great global story telling is great story telling.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: And, Rich, just the part B of that question in terms of for investors, obviously there's benefits if we produce a show. If there's great reach across the world and we can distribute that show and it will be consumed and enjoyed across the world. So there's tremendous benefits there in terms of just the scale of distributing it. As we see so far, content is being viewed  western-produced English language primary content is being consumed in large numbers across the world. There's a lot of similarities in terms of what people like. That's what Ted just talked about. As we penetrate deeper into the markets, there might be a question in terms of do we have to add more of the local mix into that and that will have implications for our content spending in each market, but right now what we're seeing is that our current mixture is working across the markets.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: And by the way, David, I think what's exciting about that is as we add local programming into those territories, they will be able to find audiences for that around the world on Netflix, not just in that local territory. So I think we'll be able to find scale on local programming as well.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Let me switchover to just  or follow-up on the international questions, one for David and then a bigger picture one for Reed. So, David, you had about 25% upside to the number of net international subs you thought you would have. Was that pure content or were there other things that really helped in those markets, some marketing efficiencies that you found? A little bit more color on maybe some particular regions of the world that really outperformed versus your numbers?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Well, for competitive reasons, we gave less color on the international markets. But I would say you're right in the premise of the question being it's a little bit broader than just content driving that. We think we've got some momentum that's based on brand growth in a number of markets as well and we have a strong launch in Australia as well. So all of those things contributed to the success we saw in the sort of upside versus what we thought we were going to see in Q2.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, Reed, big picture question there is a series of these international launches you've got aggressively planned it seems like this year or next year. Can you just talk about how you plan to manage the execution risk associated with doing that many launches and that many major markets at once? How do you feel about managing the risk of couple of these markets just going off the rails, not marketed right, not contented right, et cetera?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that would be unlikely for any material market. If you look at the last four years, we've done a wide variety of launches; now over 50 nations, and we've learned along the way. So I'm not too worried about that. We're very focused. And I'd also say how we do in the first year in a new market is not that determinant of the long-term. If I think about Brazil, we were pretty weak in the first year and now it's a rocket ship (13:02). And so, we're going to get in and really start the learning process, what's getting watched, why; what's generating buzz, why. And then in every nation we're learning. And if you think about it, around the world everybody wants this on-demand Internet TV. It's just a better experience than linear TV. So I'm really very confident that Internet TV is going to continue to grow.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: This is probably a question that we can start with Reed, but you may all have a feeling about. Hulu was a pretty significant failure; I think self-admitted failure in Japan. Curious, where did Hulu go wrong, why will Netflix  this is one of the biggest or first major market in Asia you are going into  why will Netflix be successful in Japan and what are you going to do differently from the onset?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Hulu had a couple of missteps. But now, today, four years later, under new ownership, they're actually growing and seeing some real success in Japan. But the initial missteps, where pricing was too high, it was 2,000 or about $20 at that time a month, had no local content. So it seems pretty substantial missteps. In contrast, our pricing will be more aggressive than theirs was. We'll have a local content, we may have some local originals. We're really focused on doing a great job. We've got more experience than they had at that time. And Japan is a unique market because it's very brand sensitive. So Japan will probably be our slowest market to get to certain penetration threshold, but it may be one of our best markets in the long-term because when the Japanese society embraces a brand, it's a very deep connection, very long-term. So we're willing to make that investment, knowing that it's not the quick route to success that might be in other countries.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And are you seeing the CE companies come out and support you ahead of launch?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. The CE companies, Sony and Panasonic and Toshiba, they're all integrating Netflix into their devices. And, in fact, if you go today and buy a television in Japan, it's going to have a red Netflix button on it, even though we haven't yet launched.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: On the international side, David, if you could talk about the profitability ramps of some of the older markets that Netflix has been in and how they've looked versus either the U.S historically or some of the other older international markets? What's the profitability ramp look like?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Well, just like in the U.S.  and we've made some comments in the past on Canadian margin getting to a 30% threshold  we've made general steady improvements year-over-year. We had some headwinds this year with the VAT change in January and with some of the foreign exchange which we've denoted in the letter to give you an indication of the impact on the revenue. But I'd say in general, the profile and the margin profile of each market is steady growth. You want to take a measured approach to make sure we're not running ahead too fast and under investing in the competitiveness of our offering, but in general it's steady growth. And in fact, we've made comments before that our consolidated markets  our wave one or our first wave of markets were profitable on a consolidated basis; and in this case, in this quarter, we expect them to be individually as well.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then in terms of your guidance going forward, there's a little bit of a surprise to us, your international operating loss is coming down sequentially even though you do have a bunch of launches. I know some of them are in October. I guess the question, I don't know if you'll answer it or not, I doubt that this was the peak international loss quarter, the June quarter, but is it just the timing issue and we really should see the strong content marketing cost behind those launches in the fourth quarter or did we just peak losses?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: No, you're correct. I mean, we kind of tried to walk through that in terms of the timing. We've got a Japanese launch later this quarter. So you're going to see new content expenses and market expenses related to Japan. And then in Q4 you'll see Southern Europe, Spain and Italy, launch as well. So you've got brand new launches there. So you should expect those losses to continue to kind of work towards that; and then next year we've got rest of world. So you've got some commentary there in terms of we expect those losses to continue to grow through the year.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And, David, is it fair to say in our plans, the international losses peak next year?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: When you look at a year ago or basically 15 months ago, you were on this conference or on this video cast talking about kind of your disappointment that you were forced to basically pay for interconnection and sign deals first with Comcast, then Verizon, AT&T, and Time Warner Cable. Today, you're announcing that you've convinced Charter Communications as part of their attempted merger or acquisition of Time Warner Cable and Bright House to give up on interconnection fees for at least the term of the potential consent decree. Why this issue? Was this so important to you? Were you really that worried about these costs that you would support a merger simply to get settlement-free peering?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Rich. I think we've been really clear over the past five years that we saw interconnect fees as the potential next (18:33), where it starts off at very low numbers and then constantly escalates through a set of price discovery battles that impact consumers of various shutoffs to see who can take the pain. And then in general, it sets up an ugly industry structure. And then in fact settlement free was a much stronger way to go where broadband was great for what they do. We and our competitors have to be great for what we do and we don't have to pay each other. And so we think that's the right way to go. We're thrilled that Charter is willing to commit to that across the entire portfolio. I think that's a very substantial advantage for the public in terms of the growth of broadband in the U.S. So we're really excited about it and what it does is it freezes up from worrying about getting taxed by an ISP; and instead we get to worry about how do we make our experience better for consumers.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Are there other conditions within Charter-Time Warner that you'd like to see adopted  the government to adopt as part of a consent decree? And is there anyway given how late in the game it is for you to get these types of clauses like settlement-free peering into an AT&T-DirecTV consent decree?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: From a broadband perspective, I think this is the right condition; and so this is the one we're focused on for Charter. And then the government is still working through potential conditions on AT&T-Direct and it would be great from our perspective. Now that the precedent (20:03) is set and the details are clear, if this merger condition proposed by Charter were also applied by the government to AT&T-Direct.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Two more questions on international. One, either for David or Ted. Could you just focus on the China market and what are the variables, the key variables to determine when and how you'll get into that market?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Mark. I would say China continues to be sort of its own entity in terms of the challenges and the particular characteristics of the market. We're taking our time and being deliberate in finding a path and the right model to work. So just continue to stay tuned. We hope to be able to launch the service there next year; and we'll continue to treat it sort of as its own territory.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And we described it, Mark, as modest investment once we launch; and nothing has changed since we use the word modest about our investment levels.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then, Reed, you've had a long-term forecast in terms of subs going back 10 years and you've generally been  seems like you've been pretty right and the trend seems to definitely support the 60 million to 90 million, the ability to park it in there somewhere. You also seem to have a lot of confidence now about a lot of your international launches. So what's that bogie? How many international subs you think you can get to at some point in the long-term?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it depends upon the timeframe I suppose.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Long-term.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But when we look at the global Internet, if you look at people who are in the future going to be on the Internet, are interested in video entertainment, watch some TV and have enough money to pay for a service, that's a very large potential market. How much of that we'll get, how relevant we will be in Turkey, how relevant we'll be in Indonesia? That's very open-ended question, it depends on what kind of job we can do, how well we execute. So next couple of years, we'll be able to have a clearer picture of how we will do in markets that are quite different from the U.S.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: When you think about peering, obviously you did not get Comcast to submit to anything because the deal didn't happen, you had the deal actually ended up being blocked. Is Comcast still a threat to Netflix, given that they're the largest ISP in the country? You actively pushed for their deal to not happen and they have no rules around interconnection as you look at it?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, there's lots of potential threats and in some ways that's good for consumers that we have to compete with, say, Comcast's new offering called Stream. It's a potential threat on the peering interaction. The key thing about the Charter deal is it's all Internet companies that benefit; us, Hulu, Amazon, HBO Now, so that we can all compete for consumers affection; and it's that openness to everybody that's the key thing. We can hope that over time Comcast will also get to settlement free, it hasn't happened yet. It's something we'll continue to work on.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And maybe a follow-up for Ted, when you think about the potential combinations, you've got John Malone talking pretty openly about Lions Gate and Stars and really wanting to roll up a whole number of companies into kind of one mega content company you've got  Fox tried to buy Time Warner, I think they still want to buy Time Warner if Jeff Bewkes was open to it. But is meaningful consolidation of studios, TV studios, a risk or a threat as you look at your access to content?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Rich, I really don't think it's a threat. I think it may be inevitable in what's happening around the world today. And I just think that the underlying dynamics of having a great supplier relationship with people who create content, they don't change in the ownership structure.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Let's see, let me follow-up  sorry about that, let me follow-up, Ted, two content questions. I think, Ted, at Con, you said something like 10% of your content spend is now original and you'd like to get to 50%. I think that's kind of consistent with comments you made in the past. Any updated thoughts on the timing and the speed with which you can get to that 50%-50% level?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Yeah. The intent wasn't to steer you towards the percentage, it was to steer you away from it. Meaning that what we are going to do is continue to grow our content spend on original programming, both in absolute numbers and as a percentage of our total spending, because it's been working. It's been helping grow the brand; and more importantly, it's been driving viewing hours, relative to how else we would spend the money. It's been a very efficient investment to program with original hours versus licensed hours; and that's why we keep pushing that out. So I'm not trying to guide you to a specific percentage, because at the end of the day the total content spend doesn't change, just the slices of the pie do.
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: And, Ted  sorry, Mark, I would just say that we're still, given our growth rate, able to grow licensed content. We're not yet at a stage where we're sacrificing or cannibalizing one for the other. The numbers that we put in there, characterizing long-term letter our future content budgets and the growth of those still allow for the growth of licensed content as well. So it's just a trade-off in terms of the brand implications and the efficiency for us.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Yeah. And I think being a partner with the studios and networks, and more importantly being a great source for consumers to watch that programming is always going to be a part of our programming mix.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then, Ted, one more content question and then over to Rich; and, Rich, if you don't ask Reed for his thoughts on the stock price, I will after that. But, Ted, the Disney content that's coming on next year, at a high level could you explain to us how much of an impact that's going to have on overall content on the site? And do you think that that content that comes on, is it material enough to actually change net sub adds? Just from a high level, what is that content that's coming on and for a basic Netflix user what's the so what (26:05)? How excited should they be?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Look Disney has situated themselves around a handful of very important, very global tent pole brand, like Lucasfilms, like Pixar, like Disney Animation, like Marvel. And that programming causes a great deal of excitement for our subscribers, both in terms of viewing hours and then potentially there could be subscriber events. But more likely, it's about viewing hours and people finding great things to watch. And more than  even things that they watch repeatedly, which is why I think that deal was more important to us than any other studio output deal could have been; and maybe one of the few output deals that we pursue going forward because of the nature of that programming, that very specific programming. It's very complementary to our growing Marvel relationship with our Daredevil series; and households with children love and trust the Disney brand, and we love the affiliation with it.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Does that playing off of that when you think about EPIX, which is another output deal that you have a relationship with. You struck a deal five years ago, the first two years were exclusive, it was kind of something you used to help build Netflix; the last few years, it's been non-exclusive on both Amazon as well as Netflix. Is that important to you anymore? Is that contract comes up for renewal anywhere near the price you've been reportedly paying?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: Well, it helped build us and we certainly helped build EPIX. And it does have a long-term conflict which is, I don't think it's in their long-term strategic best interest to have exclusive deals; and it is in ours. So regardless what happens in the short-term, our long-term will be to move more towards exclusive programming, both films and series; and that deal I think would ultimately have a long-term conflict. But, yeah, we want to have our viewers come to Netflix for great things that they love to watch, but we also want to be differentiated from all the other outlets.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: So, Reed and David, as you think about the stock price, I think we got a tremendous number of people asking kind of trying to tie back the performance. You're up over, well over 100% in afterhours trading year-to-date. Do you sense the same form or do you see the same type of euphoria that you kind of cited in your investor letter not too long ago when you think about the stock price here, or is it warranted given your outperformance in the quarter or even year-to-date your performance?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it probably shows why at least I should keep my day job and not try to be a stock picker, because when the stock was half this price I described it as euphoric. So it's a mystery to me. And what we focus on is how to get incredible content, stream it beautifully, market it in every country, grow the member base; and I think I'm out of the stock commentary business.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good. Rich, our jobs are safe. Let's see. David, let's talk about the free cash flow in the quarter. You don't give guidance on free cash flow. Did the free cash flow loss that  I'm sorry, the $230 million or whatever, was that largely what you thought it would be?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. So we've done our best to indicate the trends that our free cash flow is going to diverge from  I mean that's going to get worse as we invest more and more content. So indeed that was expected. You should expect that to continue as we invest heavily in our original content, which is more front-end loaded from a cash basis perspective. But we've talked in the past about a ratio of content P&L expense to content cash; and that ratio has, in terms of cash over the P&L, been about 1.2 or 20%, it's drifted up to 1.3 and peaked at 1.4. We anticipate that ratio, it was 1.3 in the quarter, that's still holding. Those comments are still valid and that trend will continue. As we invest in original movies and things that are particularly front-end loaded, you might see that peak at 1.4, but we think that that ratio is still a pretty good guide for investors.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And, David, you also put a ratio in the transcript or the release about running debt now at 4.6 times LTM EBITDA. I assume you wouldn't have put that in if that wasn't also something you track. Do you want to comment on the upper and lower band of acceptable  upper and lower acceptable bands on that number?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think we put that in there, Mark, just to make  not to have people have to do their own math as particularly debt investors on the EBITDA number. So the goal of that table is to put things that people will reference and easily want to know upfront. That's why we put content commitments in there as well; and that's why we put EBITDA in there. I don't think we have a target range on that. We fully expect as we invest more in international and as the international loss has pulled the consolidated P&L down, over the next few quarters that that EBITDA number is going to get worse. But we still have high confidence in the profits delivered in 2017, and it's back to your earlier question about how our existing international markets are doing from a profit growth perspective. Those markets are starting to grow. Each one is better year-on-year. The ones that were not profitable last year are going to start to be profitable and then start to contribute meaningfully to profit; and then we'll see on the new markets. We have a comment on Japan being slow. We've got new markets this year growing. So we have a longer term view on the investments; and that's been validated at least in our earlier waves. So we've got great things to come we think.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: When you think about the bundle, we've seen the bundle clearly starting to fray, every MVPD we hear from is thinking about smaller bundles. We're hearing about virtual MVPDs with small offerings even if Apple  whenever Apple tries to get into the space. But there's clearly this kind of unbundling and then a re-bundling as we see new people put packages together, the way Comcast is doing with the stream that Reed mentioned earlier or even Hulu new packaging in Showtime. Is there a way for Netflix to be part of these new bundles or do you prefer to just have it be pure  la carte offering standing on its own?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Rich, when we look around the world, NOW TV Sky's offering is an unbundling, Presto in Australia is an unbundling, of course the U.S. example. So that's something we've seen broadly, which is the rise of Internet TV and the idea that individual apps being able to choose; all of that's coming together. In terms of being in a bundle, we would always want to be separately priced that we think the service has a great value and it's up to consumers to choose that. So it might be billed by a provider. So, for example, Orange in France does that and it's part of your cable, if you will bill, but Netflix is a line item say at $7.99 or whatever the local price is.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And from a product standpoint, you obviously have refreshed the interface for laptops and PCs. Where are we? What are the big things you're thinking about? Kind of where you'd go from here in terms of kind of product priorities as you move into 2016?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the core is really continuing to improve the personalization, being able to more and more accurately present content on the screen, whether that's a TV screen or a phone screen that a consumer is just very motivated to click on and watch. And we've seen tremendous benefit as we've done more and more of that big data work. Then in addition on the user interface, we're always working on performance, usability, testing new ideas. We've got some pretty cool stuff in the lab with multi-video streams on the television screen. We'll see if it tests well. I'm pretty optimistic about it. But there is a ton to learn as smart TVs get better and faster as adapters like Chromecast get better. So there's a lot of innovation on the hardware side that we're taking advantage of.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: We could get back to a specific question on ARPU or ASPs. In the script you mentioned seeing a nice uptake in our HD two-stream plan. Any more color around that? And also on the four kind of digital out plan, what kind of uptake you've seen for that?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, on our top plan which is the ultra-HD four-stream plan, there's two drivers. There's people who have big families and want to watch more than two different screens at a time; and then the driver that we're really optimistic on is ultra-HD. So as more and more ultra-HD TVs gets sold at major electronics outlets over the next five years, more and more people will want ultra-HD. Each stream is about 15 megabits per second. So it takes a good quality Internet connection. Of course that's getting more and more reliable. So when we see those coming together, we see over time a significant percentage of our membership upgrading to get the ultra-HD service again over the next couple of years.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then one more question on pricing and particularly the thoughts on global pricing. I think, Reed, you mentioned in Japan trying to come in with an aggressive price point. As you think about all the different markets you're going into, do you want to offer much lower tiered pricing plans for emerging markets or do you want to try to maintain price integrity globally?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we're somewhere in between. Most of our pricing around the world is pretty close to the U.S. pricing. Now the recent strength in the dollar and then of course when you add VAT and in some cultures, you have to  in some societies you have to back that out. But if you look at the underlying price structure, at this point we're going for a model where it's pretty similar around the world.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: When you think about Sandvine, I've been really surprised by the fact that Amazon despite a pretty significant ramp in programming still represents less than you increased your Sandvine bandwidth share over the course of the last six months. What do you attribute the fact to that no one else has really broken. And despite some pretty substantial $1 billion plus programming spend, no one else seems to be closing in on you, why? Because I think investors are trying to understand the barrier to entry, what is so different about Netflix? Are you becoming Kleenex for Internet streaming or like how do we explain what's happening?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Amazon is growing a very quickly in terms of total viewing hours, but so are we. And so what's happening is everyone is maintaining their relative share, but the total amount of Internet viewing is growing at a very vigorous rate. So I think they are experiencing significant success on their investments, as is Hulu. I think we'll see that with HBO Now, because there is massive move from linear programming on to the Internet. If you mean why is our share not compressed, that's a series of reasons that certainly the brand, while in the Kleenex-type reason that you mentioned, the leadership gets conversation about leadership. It's also our only business. So we're totally focused on making a great consumer experience as an entertainment experience; and that's an advantage. So there's a number of those factors and, well, we don't take it for granted. Those kinds of numbers can switch at any time; and so we have to really continue to double down to do new things. And I think when you look, for example, at the original movie work that Ted's been doing, it's pretty incredible. You'll see with the Beasts of No Nation, a very intense, Oscar caliber, amazing film; and then, with Crouching Tiger and War Machine with Brad Pitt coming, some really major big ticket studio films debuting on Netflix around the world at the same time. So we're continuing to try to raise the antes to get better at what we do; and I think that's the key to continuing to hold on to our share as the whole Internet TV market grows.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: And when you think about the opportunity that you have for Internet TV, is there a way to think about how many more markets you can open up this year? I mean, I think you have obviously talked about the Q3 launches. Are there Q4 launches that could still happen that haven't yet been announced? We've got that question from several people.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Right. For Q4, we're focused on Spain, Portugal and Italy. Q3 being Japan...
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: But nothing else before year-end.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's right. That's really going to be a big focus item in those markets for us these next two quarters, so nothing else before year-end.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And is there anything else outside the U.S. that wouldn't actually happen, when you talk about international. Are there actual markets, anything of any substance that wouldn't happen in 2016?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, no, we hope to open the entire rest of the world in 2016. So China, again, we still have some things to figure out, so I suppose that's possible. But in the rest of the world, we're pretty confident that we'll open. And then we'll have to see how successful we are in Poland. We have to see how successful we are in Indonesia. So there's still a lot of work to do.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: A question for, Ted, a specific one just on the Crouching Tiger. I think this question came in  I think that was pushed out  the launch date for that was pushed out, any color around that? And I think that will be the first one that will be released both on Netflix and in theaters; and it sounds like you want to do a few others that way. Is there a greater concern on your part to make sure you get it right or were there other factors?
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: There was a few other factors. One is that we are going to have a premiere of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon 2 in China. It will premiere on several screens in China in 3D; and we wanted to line it up with a better window in that way. Give the film a little more time to do  we also picked up a couple of extra production days to expand on the scope of the film. We're really happy with how that's coming out and that window just lined up perfectly. On the releasing in theaters, I think for us it's mostly symbolic. I think it's important for people to understand that these movies are not TV movies, they're of the same size and scale and scope of the movies you will see in theaters. So one way to do that is to have them in theaters sometimes. I think the movies, as they go, will be attractive enough that theater owners will want to book them in their theaters at the same time that they're on Netflix. But in terms of  I wouldn't move around to optimize for the theatrical window. So that's not really the driver. This afforded us to do a premiere few days early in China and helped to launch the film and the film brand around the world.
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And then kind of probably time for two more question here, Mark. I'll let you go.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Let me ask one question and Rich you get the last one. David, you talked a little bit about global rights deals, any implications of that for the P&L? So just a little bit more color there. The global rights deals as you do more and more of those, do those allow international margins long-term to rise up and maybe exceed even U.S. levels? And when would we actually see  we'd see some nice margin boost because of global rights deals. Is that three years or four years out?
David B. Wells - Chief Financial Officer: Mark, it is probably a combo for Ted as well. So I'll take the first part and then he can comment. But generally, it will take a while. The move towards the global right will be one that will take a couple of years, few years to really flow through. Similarly through our move towards exclusivity, and in terms of the P&L implications for international margins. It really is going to be more about the penetration growth and the rate of growth in that market to begin with. But sure, long-term, we could see some benefits in terms of back to the earlier questions on the benefits of a global distribution if it produces a piece of content that is consumed around the world, and certainly their benefits to being able to distribute that globally. And then, Ted, I don't know if you had comments you wanted to pile on and on.
Theodore A. Sarandos - Chief Content Officer: The mechanics of it are simply that we try to gain more marginal subscription revenue and more marginal viewing hours than the marginal cost to pick up the rest of those rights, and the rest of those territories; and there's been some. We've been so encouraged by the international success of all of our original programming and another proof points too like seeing Jurassic World open number one in all 66 theatrical markets around the world, that if you get the content mix right, you can build the demand for it around the world in a pretty equal basis relative to the population. So it's a pretty exciting opportunity, and we think there's a lot more.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: When you look at the programming investments that you've made and the impact it's had on streaming hours, wondering if Reed could give us a quick update on where you stood in the quarter for total global streaming hours across your user base. And just how different or how much of a gap is there between what a U.S. subscriber is streaming per day, and an international subscriber to understand the impact of your programming?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Rich, U.S. vary somewhat from Mexico, vary somewhat from Norway, but if you look at them all on a graph, it's a big cloud. They're all pretty similar. So U.S. is not unique compared to the range that we see around the world. And with each programming investment, we not only increased the viewing, and increased the satisfaction, but we learn is that the kind of programming that we should do more of, and so you really want to think of us as just a learning machine in terms of the programming, the variety of what we've done, we get so much data about how people watch, how fast they watch, that really propels our programming.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: But no update to the $10 billion?
Wilmot Reed Hastings - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No update to the $10 billion. We'll wait till we get to some nice fun and big number. But in terms of binge-viewing, of course the most important thing about this call is to let you know that Friday, BoJack Horseman Season 2 launches on Friday. So we hope everyone will have a great binge weekend on one of the most incredible shows; and it's kind of controversial when I quoted on this call Aaron Paul a couple of years ago. So I'll stay away from the bad words, it is licious (44:59) show.
Rich S. Greenfield - BTIG LLC: Thank you, guys. That's all.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-15 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer, Vice President of Content
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson
David Wells: Welcome to the Q1 2015 Netflix earnings call. I am David Wells, CFO. Today, I will be joined on the company side by Reed Hastings, our CEO and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us will be Mark Mahaney from RBC and Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson. I think Mark has the first questions. So over to you Mark.
Q -Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thanks, David. First question is for Reed. This was maybe an inflection point quarter in terms of the domestic streaming sub adds. They came in materially ahead of your guidance. They were actually up a little bit year-over-year, which is a bit of a surprise. In the press release you talked about both getting more subs in and retaining them better, maybe than you had expected. Could you provide a little bit more color? And is this something that you think is happening across the industry, the greater focus on streaming offerings is just helping the leader in the market? Or is there something specific that you are doing on both of those ends, the gross sub adds and the churn?
Reed Hastings: We have continued the focus on the same things over the last couple of years, improving the content, improving the streaming, improving the user interface. And we have seen the rewards of that in continued growth. I think this quarter in particular, we had some amazing original content with Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, with House of Cards, with Bloodline. And so all of that compounded to really push us forward and certainly what you are seeing is all of Internet TV growing. The attention of the new launches of the competitors is only creating a bigger ecosystem, drawing more and more people into thinking, hey I have got a check that out and try this Internet TV thing.
Mark Mahaney: And Reed, for some time you have talked about a long-term goal of 60 to 90 million subs. At this pace, sooner or later the financial markets might actually agree with you. Any updated thinking on where we could fall in that range and when we could get to that?
Reed Hastings: Well, I would say they agree with us already. I mean at a $25 billion to $30 billion market cap, there is a lot of growth pressed into it, I think you would agree. And so yes, 60 to 90 million feels great for us. We are continuing to grow. That's the 60 to 90 million in the U.S. market. Of course, the really big upside beyond that is in international. For most global Internet firms, the U.S. is 20% to 35% of usage and revenue. We are not anywhere close to that yet, but we are continuing to invest in international.
Michael Nathanson: Reed in the past quarter, we have seen new entrants like HBO NOW and Sony Vue come out with pricing, it looks pretty expensive relative to Netflix. I wonder, do you think you have a pricing umbrella, given where they have launched their products relative to where you guys have price today?
Reed Hastings: Well, no. I think HBO at $15 is a great value. I mean I have traditionally paid more than $15 for my cable company for it. So I think they are doing great work with their premium content. It does create obvious underline of just how great the value is of Netflix with prices ranging from $7.99 to $11.99. But we are really comfortable with that strategy. We are continuing to grow with this strategy and it is an incredible value. But I think we you should really think about it is all the Internet services HBO Now, Netflix and Hulu are great values in comparison to the big bundle.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And David for the current quarter, you talk about the trend on churn. I know you guys don't give out churn numbers, but what was the impact of original content on churn this year versus a year ago?
David Wells: Well, as Reed said, just picking up on those comments, you really do see the improvements in the service, both on the content, the interface, the payments across the globe really move together. So you see that with acquisition and churn improving, but we did see improving churn. So we are saying that we saw improving retention through the quarter and that contributed to that net add performance and growth that we saw in Q1.
Mark Mahaney: Great. And David, if I could stick on the U.S. business, last quarter you talked about 30%-ish margins, 90 days later we are already materially above that and you are telling people to expect your business to be above that. So just, I know there are some stuff in the press release on it, but any more color on why there is such a pretty material shift in the margins and to what extent should we just be concerned that you are just pushing content cost in international markets, so really there is not an improvement in the leverage here in the U.S. business?
David Wells: Well, it's both, Mark. So there is absolutely an improvement driven by the growth. We are growing revenue faster than we are growing our expenses. But in terms of the outperformance relative to our target of where we would want to be in terms of U.S. margin growth, it's a couple of the things that we have talked about in the letter. One of them is, we are shifting marketing from the U.S. to international. We think we can grow a little bit faster on international. It's more efficient to do that. And the second thing is a little bit of just the mechanics of how we allocate content cost by geography. So by growing faster internationally and putting that allocation more towards international, it's going to provide some relief to those global originals in the global projects that we do have that are allocated to the U.S. and we intend to continue to invest in that. That's also why we put in the letter that our target remains the same, 40% in 2020. So we want to continue to balance the growth of profit with the growth and the competitiveness of our service. We want to reinvest in the service prudently along the way.
Mark Mahaney: So let me ask a two part follow-on question to that, one for David and one for Ted. David, coming back, marketing spend in the U.S. in an increasingly competitive market, some level that feels a little extra risky than you should be doing. So can you just talk through why you are so confident you don't need, you can cut back on those marketing dollars in the U.S. beyond just one quarter of better-than-expected results? And then Ted, last quarter in the letter, there was this bolded section, therefore it caught my eye, about content spend being more efficient with original content than with licensed content. Do you feel like you have really reached a point that that's what we are seeing in the business model today that you are continuing to see more leverage just with that original content purchase?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. I will take the last question first there. What we are seeing is the dollars invested in our original programming are more efficient, in that for every dollar spent, we get more bang for the buck in terms of hours viewed. And hours viewed leads to higher retention, more word-of-mouth and more brand halo. So that why we say that it turned out to be not just an important strategic investment but also an efficient one.
David Wells: And Mark, on your first question about our relative comfort with moving dollars out of the U.S. and in to international, which is one quarter. I would say we have had multiple quarters of strong growth. Marketing dollars have been up, they have been down. I don't think there is a direct connection within one quarter in terms of the level of marketing spend and the level of growth that we see. We have migrated over the last two to three years to be more content forward in our marketing, more digital in our marketing. We are getting smarter and more efficient about how we put those dollars to use. And so right now we think there is a greater opportunity with international and that's what we are doing, we are moving to international spending.
Michael Nathanson: Ted, in the past six months, we have seen Viacom and Turner write down the value of acquired syndicated content. Truly the value of the content wasn't worth what they were paying. Can you talk a bit about your own usage trends on acquired content? And whether or not you think the long-term trend for what you are acquiring will be declining on a per hour basis?
Ted Sarandos: Look, as we continue to grow, the thing that's most encouraging is that the content we are licensing around the world has got equal and sometimes even disproportionate value to us outside of the U.S. So what we are seeing real global value from licensing shows in multiple territories. And as we are continuing to grow domestically, we are seeing those viewing hours on licensed content, even older licensed content as we saw with Friends last quarter where the viewing continues to grow. So we are still seeing a lot of value from that programming, both our original and our licensed programming from all those sources.
Michael Nathanson: And you expect the price paid going forward will be trending up or down for the acquired?
Ted Sarandos: It's tough to say. Mostly it's a reflection of how many buyers are in the market. So we have got a few other people into the market, there is some value in having a larger footprint and being able to bring more value to the franchise, what for being on Netflix that we get to realize in our negotiations. But I think most of those prices, up and down, is driven by the number of competitive buyers in the marketplace.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Then let me ask one more for David. You mentioned before on the content spend shift between U.S. and international. Can you remind us again how you amortized content between domestic and international markets? How do you decide what the allocation rates are between the two geographies?
David Wells: Sure, Michael. In terms of how we amortize is straight line for originals, there is accelerated. How we allocate across countries or territories between the operating segment of domestic and international is based on the relative value of that content. So we use the PwC media survey to help validate what that content would be worth in that market. And there's pluses and minuses to various types of allocation. We have looked at many types. So we think that's the most accurate in terms of ascribing the relative value of content within each market.
Reed Hastings: And David Wells, if we have a global content, where does the allocation for Poland show up today?
David Wells: Today, the allocation for Poland is going to be spread across because we haven't yet launched that market. So what's little bit new for us is we now have clear line of sight that we are launching the rest of the world, which is new relative to the last six to nine months. So we shifted a bit and you are seeing part of that Poland, if we sign a global right for Poland, distributed across our current territories. A year ago you would have seen us, if it was going to be launched in the next year park that on the balance sheet and then start amortizing it once we launched Poland. And if we prospectively signed up for a Poland right and we just didn't have line of sight to the next year whether we were going to launch the territory, that would be spread across the existing territories that we were in, which is what we would do today.
Ted Sarandos: If we back it up a few years, we would have sold off Poland, not knowing what to do with it and look for it later.
Reed Hastings: That's right.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. If I can get back to Reed on a question I came up really about pricing and maybe tearing power. So Reed, your latest thinking, given the momentum in the business and the ability to raise fees or raise ARPU over time and particularly via tearing either be it service and number of lines or content, your latest thoughts on your pricing and tearing power today?
Reed Hastings: Well, Mark, we are super happy right where we are. We have got a great mix of pricing plans and options and for those who get a new 4K television and they are excited about 4K content, we are the leading service in the world for 4K and that plan is a little more expensive at $11.99. So as more 4K TV is sold, we will get people to upgrade to the $11.99 plan. In terms of the total pricing structure, we couldn't be happier with the way it creates an incredible value for the consumers. It feels fair to them and it's propelling our growth.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Now let me pivot over to the international markets. So we also had subs upside in the U.S., we had subs upside internationally. Could you talk about where that came from? What wasn't mentioned in the letter was Germany and France, those are obviously major markets. Maybe they are growing in line or little less than you thought? What was mentioned is Australia, New Zealand. So any particular color there on which countries are performing in line, better and worse than expectations?
Reed Hastings: Sure. That's somewhat of a recency bias. We launched France and Germany six or eight months ago and we talked about it in the immediate aftermath also that they were successful launches. Now we have added Australia, New Zealand. And all of these markets, the Internet and Internet television is catching on and we are leading relative to competitors and we have got competitors all around the world. In each market, there is a series of competitors. So we are feeling very bullish on the long-term in all of these markets. We have seeing when we entered in Latin America three or four years ago that it takes us a year or two to build the brand and get awareness. But think of it as every country in the world are and consumers in every country in the world want the benefits of Internet television choice and selection and price. So absent severe piracy that might be in some of the newer countries, I think we are going to see large commercial success.
David Wells: And Mark, this is David. There was no one particular market that drove that. So there were multiple markets that drove that outperformance relative to what we thought to our forecast.
Michael Nathanson: And in Reed's tweet a couple days ago, you mentioned 10 billion hours consumed in the quarter. Could you us give a sense of consumption rates domestically and internationally? Are there any international markets that jump out to be above normal consumers?
Reed Hastings: There is variation between countries. Some countries are amazing. And U.S. is one of them. But it's not the biggest. So for competitive reasons, I am not going to give your precise color. But there is variations. And what's great about the viewing is if you look two years ago in this call, we said it was 4 billion hours in the Q1 and over those two years, we have gone from 4 billion to 10 billion hours of viewing. And so you can see along with our membership growth, we are also having engagement growth, which given all the new competitors, improving television, is really impressive that Netflix is growing not only the subs but engagement also.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And then Ted, you recently mentioned that in China, it sounds like you have a go alone strategy. So what is your timing on China's launch and how does that strategy impact your actual launch in China?
Ted Sarandos: Well, Michael, a bit of that press was lost in translation a bit. I was explaining to the questioner why we have not taken up partners in the past. But it's not a reflection of whether we want to or what we are willing to do in China. We are anxious and open to all forms of doing business in China. So the press was a little bit out of context there.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. David last quarter in your script press release, you bolded one of those things was the expansion to all global market by the end of 2016. Is there an update on that given what's happened in the half of the year? Are you accelerating that timeline?
David Wells: There is no update other than the expectation for us to launch in 2016 was as an acceleration of our earlier stated objective. So no further update.
Mark Mahaney: And then for the June quarter, you talk about an increase in the operating loss to $101 million. You have got bigger launches in the back half of the year. Help us think about when the peak operating loss quarter is in international and what the size of that be? Could that be, if it's $100 million in the June quarter, what's the worst-case scenario? Are you willing to run it to $200 million loss in anyone quarter?
David Wells: Well, I don't provide specific guidance four or five quarters out for our operating loss. But we have said that we are committed to running the business at global breakeven and we have ambitious plans to launch international. So this quarter, what you have you see our guide with the full sort of Australia, New Zealand, you see our guide with additional investments in marketing and some content. We will have some bigger launches and we described as a meaningful and significant in the back half of this year. So you should expect those losses to trend upward and into 2016 and then to improve from there.
Michael Nathanson: Recently Reed, you changed your terms and conditions to alert people who use VPNs that they can be shut down from usage. We have heard a lot from our clients who are outside the U.S. as they do use VPNs to watch U.S. content. Why did you change the terms and conditions? And for Ted, are studios asking you about VPN usage? Is that part of the reason?
Reed Hastings: So with VPN usage, that's where someone, to bring up Poland again where we are not yet operating, has the money to pay for content they want to access content, they want to pay for that content. Netflix is not yet in Poland. And so they will use the VPN to come to the U.S. virtually over the Internet, pay for content. So it's certainly less bad than piracy, it's not something we encourage. It's actually very hard to detect because VPN gets every good at covering their tracks for all the obvious reasons. And because we are focused on getting global very quickly, I think we will see this issue disappear and it will disappear because we will be able to meet the demand directly in all the countries. Ted, anything on the studios as our partners?
Ted Sarandos: Yes. It's one of the many things that we have discussions with the studios about an ongoing basis and we do continue to work with them and work with these VPN. But to be honest with you, it's kind of a whack-a-mole to get ahead of the different usage of VPNs become kind a lifestyle thing for a very small segment of the population. The real great news is, in the piracy capitals of the world Netflix is winning. We are pushing down piracy in those markets by getting the access. So the best way to really make the VPN issue a completely nonissue is through global licensing that we are continuing to pursue with our partners.
David Wells: And Mark, to add to Ted, the only comments that I would add to Reed's earlier pricing comments were, piracy is a governor in terms of our price in high piracy markets outside the U.S. So we wouldn't want to come out with a high price because there is a lot of piracy. So we have to compete with that. So there is a little bit a governor on our price outside the U.S.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And David, one question we get a lot of, that your content obligations they grew in this quarter. Can you talk a bit about your comfort of meeting those obligations? And when do you think you see a peak of your obligations on the balance sheet?
David Wells: Well, so I am comfortable with the level of content commitments we have. And there is a couple of reasons that I am comfortable with that, one is that the content is working. So we see engagement, we see value for the content. So it makes me more comfortable and confident that we are investing in something that has lasting value. Two is that we really are scaling along with the business. So we have grown from $9.5 billion in streaming content commitments in the table to $9.8 billion. That's about a 31% year-over-year growth rate and our streaming revenue has grown at 31% year-over-year as well. So that makes me a little bit more comfortable. Now that includes what we know in terms of licensing commitments. It doesn't include things like Disney output. So let's take that as an example. That is for future film output at a future box office. So we are unable to know the licensing amount on those films, but we do have to factor that into our forecast as we have from the very beginning. So if we look ahead and we factor that in, we think it's an additional $3 billion to $5 billion of content commitments over the next three years and that's already baked into our forecast and we have been doing this from the very beginning. So we have got a little bit better at making sure that we waterfall deals, we have the flexibility we need to balance those commitments and that expense level over time.
Ted Sarandos: Michael, if I could interrupt for a second, I would also add that you should look at that as a signal of future access to content, because as we identify the high value content, we seek to lock them up in long-term deals. So that does increase our long-term obligation, but for things that we want and to attract revenue and viewing.
Mark Mahaney: Ted, could you stick on that topic on the content and especially the Disney output that's coming onboard next year, just to remind us of some of the details on that? And when you think about the white spaces of Netflix, the content areas that you would really like to most fill out, how important is Disney as part of those white spaces?
Ted Sarandos: Our Disney partnership is phenomenal. We have the output deal coming up that we just last week we launched our Defenders series for Marvel, with our first series Daredevil, it's been a huge success. Disney is the licensing partner with us around the planet. And we are really excited about the output deal coming on. It's probably one of the few output deals that I am enthusiastic about because the Disney content is global. It's tentpole. It's family. It's a lot of co-viewing among families for the content that gets watched. And it is a great brand to bring comfort to families who subscribe to Netflix. So it's a bit of a play between movies and kids programming that I think is successful for us. The white space you refer to is, with all the excitement about the golden age of television and all the excitement about our own series, about a third of the viewing hours on Netflix today are still movies. So when we see something like we did early in the year with The Interview, we were able to close that window to 30 days, we had a phenomenal reaction in the U.S. and Canada for that movie. I want to keep pushing on behalf of consumers to get those windows narrower and narrower, including premiering original movies on Netflix which is why we are doing that to fill some of that white space.
Mark Mahaney: A two-part follow-on on that. Are there direct outputs from that Interview deal whereby you can actually do this much more often in the future? And then Reed, can I swing it back to you afterwards and ask you about products and major product pipelines in the next 24 months. I know you mentioned in the letter the enhancement of bringing video playback forward into the browse experience. I am not sure I actually understand what that means. Could you explain it? And then help us think about how material that can be to the user experience?
Ted Sarandos: I would say you should look at The Interview as a beautiful one-off. I say beautiful because bypassing the theaters and premiering on-demand, Sony managed to raise about $45 million in revenue from between a modest theatrical and primarily from digital on-demand and then a very strong fee for Netflix for the our license 30 days following that, what could have been a financial disaster and turned it into a financial win for the studio. So if anything you want to look at that and say, well, it's a beautiful possibility for future disruption in release patterns.
Reed Hastings: And as Ted said Mark, we are really sorry on the circumstances for Sony in the case of The Interview. We certainly wouldn't want to see more of that. But we are focused with our original new movies trying to push those windows up so early. Then you asked about the product enhancements. We are doing so much. We tried to sample a little bit in the earnings letter. The particular improvement that we are talking about there written today when you browse for movies, it's a bunch of stills and then you say play, you wait a couple of seconds and then it plays the content. And what we are learning is how to use real-time video as you browse so that things are auto starting making that easier on the display pages, on the detail pages. So I think you will be really impressed. But think of it as symbolic of a whole long series of hundred improvements per quarter that we are always working on in accumulation continue to make our experience better which pushes up the satisfaction, which helps retention to grow.
Michael Nathanson: Ted and Reed, when you first started building your streaming product, Ted would be in Beverly Hills giving people checks for content and all my content companies would say, this is incremental to the pie. We are happy that Netflix is a buyer. In the past nine months, we have seen ratings for cable and broadcast tumble to levels that I never thought was possible. So I wonder, do you worry that as our industry traditional media worries about ratings trends, they become less likely to sell you content and therefore it becomes harder to source really good second or original content? So I wonder how you feel about that?
Ted Sarandos: I am not seeing any actual evidence at the table in terms of that there is any reluctance to continue to sell. They are definitely trying to juggle the terms of their core business versus the license business, but that's true not just of us, but they are also seating these opportunities for themselves where you see the networks launching their own on-demand services. So I think they really are trying to find the right balance. And that generally I think we are still very healthy for the business in terms of both in terms of our licensing dollars and in terms of the audience generation that we are able to build for the shows on broadcast. And it's very encouraging that even with all of the disarray to you spoke about, that Fox can have a phenomenal cultural hit like Empire in the middle of all that. So I do think that there is obviously plenty of concern about the old way of doing business, but there is lots of action going into how do we do it going forward as well.
Reed Hastings: And you know, Michael, it is pretty naturally you have got to linear TV has been an amazing fifty-year run, Internet TV is starting to grow. Clearly over the next 20 years Internet TV is going to replace linear TV. And so I think everyone is scrambling to figure out how do they do great apps, how do they things like noggin are fantastic and that will just keep getting built up and so it's a transition into figuring out the Internet. And the way people do that is to get involved with us, with our competitors to try to start to learn what are the new patterns and modalities because Internet TV is the way that people will consume video in the future.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And David, can you just talk a bit about your cash spend versus your P&L spend? I think this quarter was a 30% higher cash spend than P&L. Is that the right way to think about this year and even next year as well?
David Wells: Yes. Michael, we have been pretty consistently telling people that prior to the buildout of originals, it was 20% over the expense. Now it's drifting up to 30%. It could drift up to 40% and peak around there in certain quarters, especially if we take delivery of a lot of original product. But in general, we are building out our content investments, our original content investment and that is cash intensive as we put in the letter and we have been pretty consistent about this. I think what you are going to see now is several persistent quarters and going forward of negative free cash flow while we build this out.
Mark Mahaney: On that, David, you did this $1.5 billion debt offering in March quarter. Should the expectation on the market's part be that you won't need to come back to the markets for the next year-and-a-half? Or do you want to have the flexibility to, if international launches really do even better than you think, to come back for even more?
David Wells: Well, if we are successful in building out the content and if we want to get to ever-increasing mix of original content, meaning that up to 50% of our business is really our own owned content, then we are going to continue to invest in that content and that will require more and more cash. So I don't think we are saying no, that we are good now for the future. I don't think we are saying we are definite. But likely we will need, if we are successful to go back to the market at some point to continue to build that investment.
Mark Mahaney: And I want to ask a net neutrality regulatory question to Reed. This actually came from Rich Greenfield. With the FCC laying out this clear oversight of interconnection in that newly filed net neutrality order, do you think if that had been around before, that Netflix would have had to pay for the interconnections? If those rules had been in place, would they have had to pay for interconnections as they have been for whatever the last year or so?
Reed Hastings: It is awfully hard to tell going forward as we think about interconnection. It's a new climate with the FCC Title II in place and we will try to figure that out. We have a number of contracts that are in place already. So there is no immediate actions. But we are very encouraged by the general consumer perspective and political perspective that broadband access is so important that it is a utility. It is like power distribution where it's a natural monopoly in the last mile. There should be one fiber or one cable going to a home with super high speed and that's the architecture of the future. So everything around it being a utility is great for Internet companies like ourselves and it's great for consumers.
Michael Nathanson: Reed and Ted, in the past couple of weeks we have seen the NFL of all people explore Internet TV when they are announcing they are going to stream the game over the Internet. We have asked you in the past, but given the changes in the model, do you think you can add sports as a category to Netflix at this point?
Ted Sarandos: Michael, I think the part of our core consumer proposition is on-demand. We make viewing certain kinds of content better because they are on-demand. I don't know that on-demand sports is remarkably better than live sports. So that's why we haven't been that excited about why we haven't chased it. There is economic reasons as well. But I think in general that sports is great for live television.
Reed Hastings: And the great thing, Michael, about the emergence of sports online, is it frees people up to be more  la carte which gives us more money to be able to spend on Netflix. So if we can anchor the entertainment side for movies and TV shows for every consumer and somebody else or other set of leagues anchor the sports part, which is still over the Internet, then the Internet TV proposition is even more powerful for consumers.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. Over the past year, we have asked you about the Comcast-Time Warner Cable merger. You said, we would love to see deal conditions put on that in order to protect the Internet. You have gone above and beyond with the FCC Title II support. But one of the questions we have at our firm is price regulation Title II. So where do you come down on the FCC's ability to regulate pricing? Is that a good or a bad thing for the development of Internet TV?
Reed Hastings: I will have to say, it's very clear that broadband is a necessary utility across the land. I don't think anyone is a fan of price controls. So our main goal at this point is to get the government to block the Comcast-Time Warner merger. We think, were that merger to come together and as DSL fades, that company combined would have over 50% of U.S. residential Internet homes. And frankly that's just too much in one company.
Mark Mahaney: I wanted to ask a question on marketing to either David or Reed. You talked about maybe shifting more of your marketing budget online. Any more color beyond that? There is a lot of different places and ways to spend money online including via Facebook, et cetera. So any more color on that? And then why the switch to online? Is there something that's made the offline marketing channels less efficient for you?
David Wells: Well, it depends on the market, Mark. So in places where our brand is really well-known, we have noted that we are much more efficient being very targeted with that and being very specific around content marketing. Outside the U.S. in markets where we are building a brand, you should see a mixture of that. So you should see some offline and some online in terms of our spend. But every year we get more efficient and more knowledgeable about where that money is best spent. So we are an experimental company. You know that. You followed us. So you should see us continue to test around the edges of where things are better spent.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. And then a question on the actual end usage of Netflix, so maybe a broad question for Reed. When you think about the different use cases in the living room TV, on the go with mobile devices, et cetera, have you seen over the last two or three years a dramatic shift in how people are consuming Netflix content? And particularly as you go into international markets, which may be more mobile-oriented, particularly in Asia, are you set up the way that you want to be set up on devices in the formats to work that mobile trend?
Reed Hastings: We are feeling really good about our preparation for continuing to expand around the world over the next two years in terms of devices, in terms of networks, in terms of content. So yes, we have fought through a lot and studied the patterns of consumption and we are ready to at least begin that journey by launching around the world. And then what we will be able to do is learn from there, frankly as we did in Latin America three or four years ago.
Michael Nathanson: Reed, following on that question, has there been a handoff on tablets versus smart TVs? A couple of years ago we kept thinking smart TVs will be the device that drives Internet TV, but have you seen a difference on consumption by tablets versus smart TVs, the past couple of years?
Reed Hastings: Now we have seen smart TVs just continuing to grow and grow in usage and sales. Virtually every new TV sold now is a smart TV, at least at the middle and high-end and it's natural for people to use. Now, do they also watch on tablets? Yes and on phones. So really all those categories are experiencing absolute hours growth, but on a percentage basis, smart TV is one of our fastest-growing categories.
Michael Nathanson: Okay. And David, you called out the impact of foreign exchange in the first quarter. Could you give us a sense as to what the year is going to be on foreign-exchange? And then when do you expect to break out revenues by region so we can get more details on the regional and international?
David Wells: Well, if I knew what was going to happen with foreign-exchange, I would probably quit and then run a hedge fund.
Michael Nathanson: No, but what about for today. As of today? Okay.
David Wells: I would say, in Q1, most of that below the operating income foreign translation loss was unrealized, right. So we did have a change in our functional currency for our European entity. So when we first launched into Europe, we were very U.K. centric. So most of our operating cash flows were in British Pounds, which leads you to an accounting decision to a functional currency accounts. Since we have expanded in Europe and particularly into mainland Europe with more and more of our operating cash flow switched to the Euros, we switched it over. So there is some impact of that in that translation adjustment. Going forward, it really does depend on what happens in terms of the Dollar strengthening further into the Euro. We are about 25% in terms of revenues exposed to foreign currency and that's growing. If we are successful, that will grow to 50%, but we also are pretty transparent that we don't hedge. And so we are not really concerned with those accounting translation adjustments. We are pretty transparent to you as an investor that we don't hedge. You have the option to go out and hedge if you feel like you are exposed with your Netflix investment and we are watching in terms of our opportunities for natural hedging, but with the move to a global license, we may see more and more of those be dollar-denominated. So I will have to update you along the way in terms of our foreign currency exposure.
Reed Hastings: And why don't we hit it with one more question each guys and then we will wrap up.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Let me, David, just check off real quickly, ARPU in both international and in the U.S. market, in international markets assuming currencies stay where they are, does ARPU stabilize where you guided to implicitly in Q2 and where it came out in Q1 and then start moving back up as price increases go into effect? Or should we just straight line it? And then in the U.S., ARPU has been rising. Is any of that caused by tiering of services? Are you getting a lot more people signing up for the $11.99 plans? Or is that just the impact of the price increases?
David Wells: It's both, Mark. So just to answer your question, on both domestic and international we are seeing ARPU progression because of people taking the higher tiers and the higher value plans and we are also seeing the expiration of people sort of coming off, grandfather rejoining or joining the service new at the higher price point. And obviously, we have a lot more subscribers in the U.S. So you are seeing that ARPU increase disproportionately rise internationally versus the U.S. just because we are building from a base of much fewer grandfathered subscribers outside the U.S. So you see both. But your very first question was, should we see that progress? Yes, but we have a large body of U.S. subscribers that come off grandfather next year. So you can waterfall your churn models and you would expect that the U.S. has a much larger base of folks at the older price point.
Michael Nathanson: Reed, over the past 10 years, you guys have a pivoted perfectly from selling DVDs, to streaming, to making old content, to going overseas. So I wonder when you look at your business plan, what gives you worry? When you look at the challenges ahead, what's the thing that worries you?
Reed Hastings: Well, you are nice to say we pivoted perfectly, but I think you are forgetting about certain incidents four years ago. But we have succeeded in getting through them and the key thing is that the company is very agile. We are just a learning machine. When you think about how Ted has grown our original content muscle is just so impressive. How are continuing to expand to international, it's just like were learning country by country. We don't get everything right upfront, but we fix that. So I think the fundamental is, we are just open-minded, curious, we are learning and then frankly it's that Internet TV is growing around the world at incredible rates. And so were really propelled by that big macro trend. And to wrap up here, Ted's producing so much content. I though Ted, maybe you could share a little bit of this quarter's highlights like Chef's Table, Sense8 and Orange is the New Black and just the amazing things that Netflix is debuting.
Ted Sarandos: Well, you definitely get a sense of the diversity of the programming that we are going to be offering up, just if you look at just what's coming up next quarter with our first original documentary series called Chef's Table from the director of Jiro Dreams of Sushi. We have got a third season of Orange is the New Black which is a global sensation that will break in June, of our comedy with Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda called Grace and Frankie that we are really excited to show to the world. Sense8, I think will show everybody what global TV series can really be like, filmed on location in nine cities around the world, spectacular scale and scope of a theatrical film, directed and created by Wachowski siblings and even original series for kids with How to Train Your Dragon 2. So we are super excited about both the volume and the quality and the diversity of everything we are doing in our original programming next quarter.
Reed Hastings: And Ted, are those series is globally available on Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: Globally available on Netflix in 4K.
Reed Hastings: I love that and in 4K. Thank you so much everyone for your support and I look forward to talking you over the next quarter.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - CFO Reed Hastings - CEO Ted Sarandos - CCO
Analysts: Rich Greenfield - BTIG  Mark Mahaney - RBC
David Wells: This is David Wells. I am the CFO of Netflix, and I am welcoming you to the 2014 Q4 Earnings Interview. Joining me today is Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer is joining us from Miami at the National Association of Television Executives Meeting. Also at that meeting is Michael Nathanson and with too many conflicts. So reprising his role as interviewer today is Rich Greenfield, analyst from BTIG and joining him is Mark Mahaney from RBC. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may vary. I am going to turn you over to Mark who has our first question.
Q - Mark Mahaney: Thanks David. Question to start off for Reed. You talked about an S curve and the ability to get to 60 million to 90 million subs in the U.S. you beat the sub-numbers for the quarter but there is a year-over-year reduction in net sub adds. So, walk us through what your latest thinking is on the ability to Netflix to reach 60 million to 90 million U.S. subs?
Reed Hastings: Well, its looking very good. Were at 39 million in the U.S., adding 5 plus million a year. So the trajectory is great. And if you step back and you say is Internet video going to be in every home in America in 10 years, thats a pretty clear yes. So, tons of potential there and were very excited about just continuing to improve our service.
Rich Greenfield: This is a question for Reed. When you think about the international growth profile, the comments that you made in terms of the cadence of market launch is basically saying that every single market would be launched over the course of the next two years was a pretty big move from what I think we were expecting and what I think investors were expecting. Was there something that happened when you looked at the success you were having overseas whether itd be France, Germany, Latin America? Did something happen? How fast you planned on rolling out the rest of the world to get you over the next two years?
Reed Hastings: Yes Rich, there is two real drivers. One is the success that weve seen from Argentina, the Finland to have all of our first wave of markets from Canada, Latin America, Nordics, Netherlands, UK and Ireland, be profitable together as a group. Its just tremendous accomplishment. And that the growth rate that theyre seeing its going to be very significantly profitable going forward. So, thats been a big driver for us. And then I think Ted really had the vision to figure out how to start to get global rights for some of the content by moving up the food chain. And weve been pushing on that dimension to be able to get the global rights where we dont have to go country by country across 200 countries but instead can provide to produce our upfront money, guaranteed money and get great access. And so Ted do you want to add to that?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I mean, I think our success this year with Better Call Saul and Gotham where we had moved up the process, license for all of our operating territories at our future operating territories directly with the producers for those shows. So Better Call Saul directly with Sony and Gotham directly with Warner Television instead of having to go country-by-country and piling up those deals and lining up windows, this enables us to make the service, the selection, far more global for viewers around the world who increasingly know exactly when these shows began and are hungry to see them as soon as they can.
Mark Mahaney: Question for Reed or David on the international sub numbers, they came in materially higher in the December quarter and youre guiding for materially higher than expected numbers for the March quarter. Can you give us any color on which markets and which countries did better than expected? Or is this just a case of the European launch being a little more delayed than expected and youre seeing the full impact of that. Where was the upside from?
David Wells: Mark, this is David. Its across several markets. And as you know we dont talk specifically about individual markets for competitive reasons. But I would say it wasnt driven by any one individual market it was driven by several markets. So were really pleased with the growth that we saw in the fourth quarter and carrying into the first quarter.
Rich Greenfield: And if I can just follow up David on that question on Latin America though, you did give out a 5 million subscriber, that you would reach 5 million subscribers during the quarter in Latin America. Could you give us any other feel or are there any other milestones to think about as you think about other markets that youve already launched that we should be thinking about. And why youre disclosing something like 5 million in Latin America without more detail overseas?
David Wells: Well, its a nice round number and well be getting our milestones as we hit in other markets. But its incrementally better for us to talk about that with consumers in Latin America because it validates the quality, the breadth and the size of the service. So its helpful from a consumer standpoint in the market. So we weigh between the investment community and the consumer community whats helpful in terms of information. [Multiple Speakers]
Rich Greenfield: Like what change that actually accelerated because it was an area that you talked about as a problem historically on these calls. Why is Latin America now accelerating to the point where you are now really getting excited about the growth potential.
David Wells: Well nothing changed, so we knew we would hit 5 million in the quarter and we did. What changed? Maybe, that we gave you incremental information. I think what we said all along in terms of Latin America it was a challenging market, weve had payments issues and e-commerce trust issues that weve wrestled with and improved over the last three to 3.5 years. But its been growing all along, I think folks may not have taken us at our word for that but were very pleased with it. Its been steady growth; we continue to see great growth and great potential in the market. Its a market with about 65 million broadband households. So if you take that 5 million number that we talked about and 65 million in terms of addressable, we think we got a lot of room for growth in the market.
Mark Mahaney: David I am going to follow-up on the global expansion little bit. Two things you bolded in this press release was this line about completing global expansion over the next two years. I noticed bolded stuff. And so I guess the question is I know you talked about this a little before. It sounds like you may be buying international content or getting content for international markets more efficiently. But there are other learnings from some of the international markets, the launch as you have had to date that have allowed you to be more efficient and rolling out new markets going forward. So its a pretty big statement to make and fairly big change just over the last 90 days.
David Wells: Sure Mark. I think, one thing that I would add to what Reed and Ted talked about in terms of our incremental confidence in international is that our originals programming continues to be highly engaged across markets outside the U.S. We thought it might be based on the type of content that those markets were enjoying. But we just didnt know and now weve had another year of experience in Originals, we see that the Originals are in the top list of content watched in all those markets. So it gives us more confidence that when we make something we produce, we incur those production costs. But it will be an asset that can be enjoyed across markets and across a bigger and bigger set of international markets. I would say the incremental lessons for us have been the payments lessons weve learned and we continue to grow and address each individual market separately because they all seem to have different challenges. The types of programming in each market I think Teds team is getting smarter and smarter and weve become incrementally better in terms of knowing what to license upfront? What to add in terms of licensing over 12, 24 months to make the content better and better.
Mark Mahaney: A follow-up and just bring the question back to Reed then. So Reed is the point that Netflix is really selling two universal goods. One is streaming and the second is streaming of this content that has universal appeal, a lot of which is U.S. content, but not all of it but the most popular shows in one market pretty much largely transferred to be the pretty top content in other markets as well. Is that the kind of the secret sauce?
Reed Hastings: Well certainly first part of what you said which is the magic of streaming is on demand the control being able to binge on episodes, watch a movie in the middle of the night. And that is a very universal truth which is even stronger in developing markets where television is not as advanced as it might be say in the U.S. or France. And so the more that we expand out of that foot print the more were differentially grade with interactive side. And in terms of the content, itll be easy to over generalize from our experience in Western Europe and Latin America. There is some content like House of Cards that really does carry around the world, its not on our service in China but its been tremendously popular in China. But not every piece of content will carry equally well, but weve certainly been impressed on how there is a segment at the market in every country that follows western, Hollywood, British content. And then were augmenting that with all kinds of local programming. And so its not quite as simple as we do our Originals, thats the whole thing, its everywhere. But thats at least a two-thirds impact. And Ted may be you can add some color on how we look at the markets beyond Western Europe?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, this has been so encouraging how truly global these brands have been. So when we set out our original program for the beginning, obviously our markets were pretty limited and we were thinking about them mostly as U.S. shows and they would travel like other U.S. shows have. And weve been really enthused to see particular in our Western European launches shows like Orange is the New Black and House of Cards, even in later seasons performing tremendous for us because people hadnt got around to seeing them yet and we could get the brand out there and push it out there. And then Marco Polo was kind of global phenomenon as well. So for us it was very encouraging that what the world really wants is high quality, great production values, great story telling and that can be truly universal. It might be that there are some cultural barriers to U.S. content as we get into more exotic markets, but my guess is that were going to continue to see our original programming travel and carry the Netflix brand around the world.
Rich Greenfield: There is a question for Ted, because you bring up Marco Polo. I think the impact on the fourth quarter is really important to own in on. We got a lot of questions mailed into us basically with the sentiment of how much of a drag was Marco Polo and the negative reaction on Q4 subscriber metrics. The negative press impacted negatively gross additions. And then tied to that as weve mentioned also youve got House of Cards Season 3 coming. How much of your guidance for Q1 benefits from season 3 of House of Cards globally? I think last year you made a comment that season 2 had a much bigger impact on gross additions then the prior year. Did that follow through again for season three?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, Rich, I think its tough to get a big subscriber reaction to a new series that people have been heard before even if they get excited about it or theyre more curious about it before theyve seen the first view. And Marco Polo had some negative reactions in the press. Viewers have loved it and the volume of viewing has been phenomenal. The rate at which people are completing the show is comparable to our other big ten original shows, so were thrilled that weve made a show that viewers have loved around the world. And of course because its a season one, we had not baked in or had big anticipation before subscriber impact. House of Cards season two, Orange is the New Black season two and Arrested Development have been the ones that the shows weve been able to track real measurable subscriber growth with their launches. And I think as we go forward with season three of House of Cards and season three of Orange is the New Black. Daredevil has a built in fan base for Marvel. Our feature film Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon two has a built in fan base from the original film. So I think well see those kind of impacts that we saw from season twos in the past.
Rich Greenfield: Because part of the fear is that the marketing benefit that came along with the originals that have good reviews, had a big impact on just building the Netflix brand and obviously Marco Polo maybe is getting critical -- maybe its getting good consumer reviews, but the critical press for the media, the general entertainment media does seem to be excited about it the way have been about your prior originals?
Ted Sarandos: I find it hard to believe that. You can build sustainably on things that get well reviewed and not watched. So I am thrilled that this is getting watched and loved and I think that is a sustainable.
Reed Hastings: And Rich, were really focused on the consumer and the social media that comes out of that. So if you look at the commentary from people to their friends about Marco Polo, its extremely positive, so the spectacle, the costumes, storyline is exotic but approachable, so its a great one. The investor audience tends to be highly educated and that really skews towards House of Cards, while youre an exception. So you can have some of that marketing to me kind of things where House of Cards to the investor audience, its a tighter march than Marco Polo. But really Marco Polo has been a great success and we renewed it for season two.
David Wells: And Rich one final comment regarding guidance, its worth reminding folks that the investment community is hyper-focused on whether were within 100,000 or 200,000 of our guiding number, but when were talking about our guide for Q1 at 1.8 million domestic members in terms of growth the addition of even House of Cards season three is 100,000 or 150,000. So were talking about on the margin its helpful but its not the thing its not the big thing thats going to drive the growth in Q1.
Mark Mahaney: Let me go back to Ted with two questions on the original content. Does the success spend of Marco Polo want to lead you to look to do even more of these kind of relatively blockbuster type of productions? And then secondly in terms of the viewing of the seasons just to be clear are you seeing greater viewing of each of the original content House of Cards or Orange is the New Black, are they increasing every year as youve seen really successful series during the past. Are the audiences building up for each of those?
Ted Sarandos: The audience is definitely building season and season pre to the shows and I think if you see in our lineup of upcoming shows that we have some pretty epic and pretty spectacular shows upcoming like Daredevil like Sense8 that are done under very big scale. But remember were releasing 320 hours of new original programming this year alone and there is a mix of big epic spectaculars, some smaller productions but probably think equally loved like teen comedy from Tina Fey or Robert Carlock, The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and some another shows as well like Grace And Frankie with Jane Fonda or Lily Tomlin. So were not going after one kind of audience or one type of show taste or super diverse, we have a big subscriber base and were trying to serve all of them.
Rich Greenfield: When you look at the subscriber growth David, obviously youre looking for slower growth or slower net ads that you look on an year-over-year basis, should investors just assume that a kind of 20% annual decline or is there the content that Ted talking about. Is there the potential to reaccelerate that where you could have more ads domestically in 2016 and 15? And then tied to that you gave out I think your first ever margin guidance for 2020 of 40%, would that tie a specific subscriber number in your head or is there a pricing flexibility where you think pricing is notably higher. How do we think about how you get to that 40% contribution margin?
David Wells: Sure, Ill take the first part. We certainly could end up higher right. Now weve learned our lessons on giving full year guidance on numbers so we tend not to do that. But what were seeing is look the current trends that we saw in Q3 and Q4 extrapolated forward are down year-over-year in terms of net additions growth. We have a lot of content as Ted just talked about coming out in Q1 and then the rest of 2015. So we certainly could see a jump up, its really hard to know. But I think the prudent thing for us right now is just continue to extrapolate the current trend that were seeing and that was down year-over-year. And thats what you see reflected in our Q1 guidance. In terms of the margins guidance for 40%, it isnt the first time we actually guided 30% right in terms of setting a margin target out there, but we wanted to give investors some guidance in terms of long-term margin growth and what it's about for us is the steady march upward of about 200 averaging -- about 200 basis points a year. We're going to have some lumpiness with the content coming in, in terms of heavy quarters of content introduction. We have accelerated amortization on that original content which tends to pressure the P&L in this quarter so we launch a lot of content. But I think for the 40% it's the continued steady growth of the business and we think that we have the flexibility and the model that doesn't require an 80 million subscriber or 90 million subscriber business to get there, we can get there with the growth that we see layered in today. 
Mark Mahaney: David can I ask about the pricing elasticity, you talked about that a fair amount in the press release. Two quarters ago it seemed like there was a lot of conviction in the pricing power over the last quarters, some questions now it seems like there is greater conviction. Do you think you really have enough data points -- I know you mentioned Mexico it sounds like you did some additional research on some the newer subs coming in, do you have other markets that you have looked at and you have seen the results from there that give you the confidence that you actually there is this pricing elasticity or pricing power -- do you think we could then going forward seeing the dollar price increase every other year or every two years and maybe with year grandfathered?
David Wells: Well I don't think we're talking about a dollar to the consumer price increase every year. What we're talking about is using our tiers to provide value and choice for the consumers to grow -- steadily grow our average subscription price overtime that doesn't necessarily require the frequency of any annual price increase. I think what you should expect from us is a steady growth of that ASP and we will disconnect pricing I don't think there is any reason for us to have a global single event. We will look at pricing in each market and we will grow it accordingly to what we think and makes sense in each market.  In terms of evidence, sure we have seen growth persist through pricing introduction or raises through those markets. So I think besides Mexico we've got some other examples. Ultimately, it will rest upon when those grandfathering's expire, so we still have that to come. But we think we have enough evidence today to look at it and say the growth that we saw that slowed down in Q2 and Q3 wasn't really necessarily -- wasn't related to the pricing. We still scratch our heads a little bit in terms of explaining fully and as I've said before it takes several quarters for you to really get comfortable on the answer as we look at every piece of information. But right now I think we've got enough information to say based on Mexico and other markets there is still plenty of pricing power for Netflix and not a reaction to the U.S facility. 
Rich Greenfield: Just expanding on that Reed, when you think about the way you price. You basically foreclosed on advertising as an incremental way to drive revenue. Are there forms appearing that could actually be interesting to generate more revenue for Netflix on a per subscriber basis?
Reed Hastings: Sure. The biggest one is our $12 a month plan is our plan for Ultra HD. Now today there are variation television's that are Ultra HD and we only have a few titles. We have more than anybody else but we only have a few titles. But if you look ahead two years, four years from now many of the TV's sold at Best Buy will be Ultra HD and lots of our content will be Ultra HD and it's a natural match. So I think what we are able to do is as the high end of the market spends $2,000 to get a Ultra HD television it's seems fair and natural for them that just like you pay for difference between standard def and HD that there is a difference between HD and Ultra HD. So that's the way that we got incremental revenue without making any changes ourselves by just letting the tide come to us. 
Ted Sarandos : And Reed if I could add to that. I think what's exciting about this move is unlike other kind of format changes this one is led by a thin layer of content but the front end of the content. So we're shooting all of our original series with a very few exceptions in Ultra HD, our Breaking Bad licenses are on Ultra HD, Blacklist I mean all the very frontline shows and then complimenting with more-and-more of the catalogue. But it's not a kind of a show off of weird quirky things that look good it's actually the program and the people who watch it. 
Mark Mahaney: Another question for Ted, you talked about your overall content was where you gain efficiencies in terms of your procurement of content. Can you tell if whether the competitive landscape is changing at all. Amazon may be getting critical acclaim. It's hard to tell they are getting customer acclaim for their shows. Are you seeing anything in the market that suggests that your ability to acquire content get content is getting easier or harder? 
Ted Sarandos: On the original side it's a very competitive market and we're fortunately positioned ourselves as kind of a premier destination for the biggest and best projects. We don't say yes to all of them and we see them show up at other places but we do think that we're the first or second go-to for most of the projects that we're looking for. And I think in terms of the licensing side it's kind of the same thing which is as we increase our footprint our ability to compete in that space really helps being able to get the most high profile shows but by doing that by being more-and-more confident at earlier stages. So being able to license that content with much greater confidence sometimes a pretty pilot gives us the ability to find those efficiencies. 
Rich Greenfield: But Ted just to follow on that, stacking license become a real issue for U.S studios. They are now looking at your requirements for limiting stacking and also the global buying I mean you don't want to buy things that dont have that global license attached to it, is that making it harder for you to buy content from some of the big TV producers as you look out over the course of the next 12 months, whether itd be the Foxs, the Warners, the CBSs or is that a non-issue?
Ted Sarandos: I think really the truth about it is that they -- it doesnt make it harder, because it actually makes it more attractive as Studios kind of streamline their operations. I think theyre looking for more streamlined ways to selling their programming efficiently. And on the stacking rights, were not standing in the way of the network, were holding those rights. Were just saying, we wont pay for freight, if its not fully exclusive. And if so they want to withhold the right for stacking, theyre welcome to do that, just there is a price tag to it, they know that some portion of the $3 billion were spending this year.
Rich Greenfield: But you are essentially limiting their downside, but youre also limiting the Studios upside, if they agree to sell their content to you, is that fair?
Ted Sarandos: In what way?
Rich Greenfield: Well, they dont have the ability to sell it to, based on the success here, theyre selling it to you what if pre-release, they cant go out and sell it in other markets overtime, if they basically limit the stacking they obviously cant leverage all of their other platforms with those full stacking so I mean
Ted Sarandos: They can do it Rich, they just cant do it for free.
Mark Mahaney: Question for Reed, Reed couple of months ago I think HBO talked about plans to launch a standalone streaming service in sometime in 2015, any thoughts you have on what kind of impact that can have on your businesses and specifically do you think that there is a probability that there would be a broad streaming solution that would come out at price point lower than Netflix?
Reed Hastings: Its really hard to speculate on what theyre going to do on pricing. To the degree that they go really aggressive and match Netflixs price for HBO, then its extremely disruptive to their current ecosystem since the prices are higher than that. Theyve generally given the signal that theyre going in softly in terms of not being too disruptive using the existing partnerships that would tend to imply a little bit higher price point. In the Nordics, they did choose which is the first place that they competed over the top, to be directly on top of us about 79 kroner for pricing. So well just wait and see. I think even if they were to match us in pricing, it just going to be a lot of people subscribing to both and I think that over the years last five years with HBO and Showtime, when Showtime has a great run with Homeland and The Affair, it increases Showtime subscriptions, it doesnt decrease HBO. And I think wed see the same with us and HBO which is if they do great work, people will additionally subscribe to them because that cost is pretty small per month, hours are small per month relative to all their other entertainment options, so its definitely not a zero sum situation.
Mark Mahaney: I guess both Reed and David on the next question as it relates to DISH and Sling TV. MVPD integration in this country has been really a challenge for Netflix I think youve had a lot more success signing deals outside of United States. What does the DISH deal mean initially in terms of the willingness of others in the U.S. and will we ever see you on the X1 integrated into the platform and then to the extent that DISH is actually creating subscribers. This is the part for David, curious how you get compensated or -- sorry how youre compensating DISH if theyre able to actually grow your gross additions?
David Wells: Lets see I can answer both. Were certainly not going to talk about the financial details with DISH. And then to the degree DISH has always been maverick doing some things first to the degree that they enjoy great success like Virgin in the UK with platform and it helps the Hopper get more popular because its also an internet platform. And I think it is likely that DISHs competitors would want to co-op that benefit and integrate with us, but right now everyones going to watch and see, lets see how DISH succeeds with the Hopper hardware which is what has Netflix. And thats independent of Sling TV, so those are two different things.
Mark Mahaney: What do you think of Sling TV I mean a lot of people how downplayed it, what do you think of the offering and its impact on your business specifically?
Reed Hastings: I dont think well see any impact on our business. Its a great start. Charlie Ergen has been a great entrepreneur and I think he sees the future that its internet centric and it may not be the perfect offering today, but its got $20 a month very attractive pricing and hes been an incredible entrepreneur in terms of starting with something small like early DISH and building it in to the internet and DVD, so its great for him and add some competition in that market, but I dont think it materially changes the desire to have Netflix with our unique and exclusive shows.
Rich Greenfield: Reed on the MVPD integrations in Europe. Are any of those material enough to have called some of the upside we saw in this to your guidance in the December quarter or in the guide for the March quarter?
Reed Hastings: There deals that we work on for a long time, so they were all built into the Q4 guidance.
Mark Mahaney: Reed you have not updated us on streaming metrics in a long time I think Neil Hunt gave the last statistic almost a year ago in terms of where you are now on a monthly or quarterly global basis some color there and then just tied to that we got a lot of questions emailed-in in terms of just split where it stands today in terms of devices given the rollout of better wireless networks how big is non-in-home usage on tablets and smartphones. And is there any color you could provide on movies versus TV in terms of absolute amount or absolute volume of streaming?
Reed Hastings: Yes theres been no remarkable changes, so TVs or shows watching is bigger than movies thats been consistent. Weve said personal devices PC, tablet phone that varies by market some sort of 30%-40% of viewing and TV based viewing being the large green share doing being the majority of it. No particular change in those metrics. In terms of mobile networks, consumers are still in most countries quite conservative because of the data caps typically 2 gigabytes or 5 gigabytes in terms of watching video on. So we see a lot of tablet and smartphone usage but almost always on WiFi networks and then theyre careful about how they use the cellular networks because of the caps and the fear of [overages].
Mark Mahaney: And then total hours?
Reed Hastings: Total hours continue to grow. We havent hit any super sexy milestone that weve chosen to make an event about which is when we tend to do those things. But both total hours of course thats going up. But more importantly median hours continued to climb in every market as we make the programming better and better. So thats the main thing that we track internally and its just very exciting to see as the devices get simpler to use, as the UI gets more personalized, as the content gets better. We see it directly reflected in the number of median hours and then that is the closest correlater with retention and word of mouth because if youre using Netflix a lot youre much more likely to stay with us and to recommend it to your friends.
Mark Mahaney: But that must mean youre closing in on kind of hours per subscriber per day if youve been growing consistently on a median basis?
Reed Hastings: Well, Ill leave that speculation to you and when we get to great milestones there is a fair amount of seasonality. So, we might hit numbers like that in peak times like holiday period but not necessarily sustain that over the whole year.
David Wells: I guess which well have a good take on it, whatever that is interesting anyway.
Mark Mahaney: David let me bring you back in the conversation, you talked about the generating material global profits earlier than expected but you also talked about $1 billion debt raise. So kind of square those comments a little bit and then the timing of the debt raise when you would expect that and why you would chose debt versus equity?
David Wells: Sure Mark. I think in terms of profits earlier than expected, its more that we have clear line of sight in terms of rolling out the rest of our international expansion. So, we mentioned that we would have an couple of years of heavy investment. And I think thats going to drive capital needs which then leads into the conversation around the capital. And we think right now is still a good time to secure a long-term low cost capital in the debt market and thats why we chosen debt. What weve done in the prior three years is actually weve done a raise every year.
Mark Mahaney: And I think your points have been that purpose for the capital raise is largely to fund international expansion just one check if thats true. And then secondly there is little commentary here about expanding in the China modestly. I am not sure what a modest expansion in the China is? Sounds like it could be expensive. Are there particular limits youre going to put on that?
David Wells: It will be quite modest and I can let others speak to that as well. Basically, the incremental cost to launch in the rest of the globe is smaller relative to the individual customized launches that weve done to-date in these other territories. So youll see the level of investment for the countries that we talked about and the countries we will talk about in 15 be a little bit higher than the level of investment going forward, basically countries that we havent yet launched in. And back to your cash comment its really tough to separate the cash. I mean when you have capital in a business and you use $1 on content and $1 to fund international expansion, its really tough to sort of separate those things. Both of those things right now are requiring cash for Netflix. The international, mainly because it reduces the dollar profit that we would otherwise have. And the content because weve chosen to produce more and more of our own content and that means we have to fund the production which has slightly more upfront characteristics than a licensing model where we would pay a little bit more out over the life of the deal.
Mark Mahaney: But youre not in markets like Japan. When you look at India, you look at South Korea. Those seem like very expensive markets to enter from just a content build-up, whats the disconnect there?
Reed Hastings: Lets go back to the China and then well [indiscernible]. So Mark on China what we said in the letters that were exploring options. So we need to get a license thats not the 100% clear that well be able to do that. So, were figuring that out. And what we said is that if we go it will be a modest investment because we wont have that much content. Were going to be very cautious and feel our way along to that process if were able to get that license. And then to Richs question, yes, there is many other high GDP markets, GDP per capita, like South Korea and Japan and those are big investments just like we done in France and Germany and the UK.
Mark Mahaney: And just from a high level you had this bigger tree Reed out in, I think somewhere in the Midwest last month. And just curious are there any kind of key takeaways that we should be thinking about that you learned or that were discussed that would be meaningful to investors?
Reed Hastings: I think the key thing is that everyone sees that Internet TV is really becoming substantial. So you saw this with CBS All Access 15 years of shows, any episode really lean forward move. We see this with ESPN both heavily investing in WatchESPN, and if you think about it from an ESPN perspective, as long as people are subscribing, whether a third of the time there are on WatchESPN and two-thirds of the time on a linear channel or the reverse, its all the same to them. So theyre being very forward leaning, investing in WatchESPN and by being in the DISH level making sure that they stay accessible by every home in America. So just across the board you see this phenomena that we described a few years ago of channels becoming apps, people using them on their smartphone and smart TV just as easily and transparently. So the fundamental thesis is getting validated, thats great. And for us its both on competition and its more consumers coming in the market, speeding up because Internet TV is becoming so mainstream.
Mark Mahaney: Question for David on the streaming content obligations, those rose to 9.5 billion in quarter. What levels are you comfortable with? Should these continue to rise as the sub base rises? Is there a natural level I which it would be appropriate ranges for those?
David Wells: There is no absolute number but when I look at the streaming obligations in the table and even the ones that are sort of not estimable but you can out a range on those as well little bit lighter. I would say that the ratio has been fairly consistent in terms of its scaling with our business. So you should expect them to continue to grow especially as we launch additional international territories. In the produced content side the more we license content the more that will grow in an obligation. The interesting thing about in the production world is when you produce content and you own it, because you have the discretion to cancel it at any time, it doesnt show up as a content obligation. So if you look at some of our peers and some of our suppliers in the Hollywood, you dont have the same sort of accounting when it comes to an obligation. Even though you may say that there is a high probability of finishing or producing a full budget on a particular project. But I would say I think in terms of our revenue and our revenue per obligation. I think its been sort of trading in a tight band, its been in a tight band along with our scale growth.
Mark Mahaney: Sticking on financials, can we talk about interconnection a little bit? You signed deals with four of the large companies over the last several months. Curious how those interconnection fees add up? Is it the number and where its now adding up to north of 10 million plus a 25? And then related to that maybe a question for Reed, in terms of do you expect the SEC order or the SEC policy on Internet regulations actually make the deals that you sign with ISPs actually invalid, meaning you wont have to pay for interconnection going forward.
Reed Hastings: That would be upside Rich that we would not expect that they would trump existing contracts. But whats been great for Netflix is the general idea of the Internet as a utility open to all not for discriminatory use, as it really take whole. And of course the shift weve seen over the last year around perceptions Title II is amazing to see, just 12 months. And we appear to be on the edge of an acting Title II and generally codifying the idea that at least in the U.S. the Internet is a utility for broad social good and wide open access. And that over time if it happens will significantly insulate us from any accelerating tax for interconnections. So I imagine we would likely live out the current deals and thats whats in our plan.
David Wells: Reed if I could add just on the financials Rich. If we dont talk about the specifics of the deal but we continue to be very happy with the shift to managing our own CDN, the percentage of our expense thats been on streaming delivery continues to be quite modest relative to content.
Reed Hastings: Mark and Rich why dont we hit one more question each and then well wrap up.
Mark Mahaney: Let me throw one to Ted then. Ted just give us an update on the Disney content. I now some Disney content will be streaming into that key Canadian market of this year. But going forward I think there is a very large library Disney content that will be coming on. Just some color about how big that opportunity is? How much content that is? And what kind of impact you think that could have in terms of filling out the pallet or whatever offerings to families in Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, you need to get in studio; were excited about the Pay 1 opportunity with Disney because those movies are not just movies. Theyre amazing family content that get flexed over and over again forms great loyalty with our subscribers and its a real trust brand for parents as well. So were really been expanding our relationship with Disney even in the Pay 1 window which I had been really dismissive with other studios. And coming in Canada this year and then going into U.S. next. And I think thats going to be a very long-term relationship as global as you get in terms of success of Frozen this year all over the planet. So its very consistent with our desire to be more and more global at our programming.
Rich Greenfield: Last question from us that would be a two part question. The first piece coming the DVD front. Obviously DVD still supplies a lot of profit David to your financials, just curious given the comments that Outerwall had today that their DVD business seems to be falling pretty precipitously as they look into 15, how do you think about the DVD business and the sustainability of those profits? And then just a final rough question for Reed, youve been so vocal on the Comcast Time Warner merger and the danger it poses, are you increasingly confident that this deal gets blocked?
David Wells: Well, Rich, let me take you question first. On the DVD, I continue to think its going to have a long tail. I mean if you look we lost in 2013, we lost in 1.2 million of our DVDs subscribers. In 2014, we lost 1.1 million so slightly less. And the margin is held steady for two years if you look at the contribution margins for the DVD business. So its going to continue to decline. We dont have any illusions on that. But we think that there is a lot people in rural areas another cinefiles where the DVD makes sense for them and at $8 a month, its a pretty inexpensive add-on. So well just to continue provide great service for those folks that really want it.
Reed Hastings: And Rich, the key difference with Outerwall is; Outerwall or Redbox is [indiscernible] centric so its vulnerable to the pay-per-view substitution whereas a broad selection renter like our self on the stable business is much less sensitive to that.  Next question on Comcast Timer Warner weve been vocal on the issues that would be presented to U.S. society if there is one ISP that initially would be 40% of broadband households and that DSL phase pretty quickly would be over 50% of U.S. households, we think thats a tremendous amount of power in one company, so we think it would be wise policy for the U.S. to block the merger, so weve been consistent on that whether it happens or not we dont really have any direct sense, you know, all we can do is advocate for what we think is great policy and see what happens.
Mark Mahaney: Do you agree with the FCC moving -- what is broadband definition up to 25 megs, does that make sense to you?
Reed Hastings: Yes absolutely. Once you got an Ultra HD video stream thats 15 megs just a single stream and youre going to want video conferencing, youre going to want online learning, youre going to want all kinds of different applications monitoring of your home, these kinds of things on video. So 25 megs is kind of baseline for the next five years as opposed to the past five years. So with that let me thank everyone for joining us on this call and thanks to Rich and Mark for conducting the interview. Thank you all.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-15 18:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Wells  Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings  Founder and CEO Ted Sarandos  Chief Content Officer 
Analysts:  Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan  
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q3 2014 Earnings Call. I am David Wells, CFO. Joining me today on the company side is Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us on our results today will be Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson; and for his last time Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Doug will be  Doug will be handing the baton over to Mark Mahaney from RBC next quarter. I think Michael, you have our first question. So Ill turn it over to Michael.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Thats right. Thanks, David. The first question is going to be to Reed. I think the obvious question to ask is given though the miss in subscribers this quarter in the U.S. and the slightly slower growth next quarter in the U.S. what gives you confidence that youre still on the middle part of the growth-curve and the s-curve, especially given the fact that you have a grandfather price increase couple of years down the road, so anything on that.
Reed Hastings: Sure, Michael. We added 3 million net subscribers in Q3, so about a million a month and then in Q4 were forecasting 4 million. If you look just at the domestic side however, thats about 1 million and about 2 million in Q4. And were hoping for big numbers, were always working hard on that. But when you ask whats the confidence that were on the middle part we really have to feel our way along quarter-by-quarter as we improve the content. And if you think about the general society, all moving to Internet TV like HBOs announcement today, theres a lot of feeling of just everyone is going there, not exactly sure the rate of transfer but Internet TV is going to be everything in a couple of years.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And Reed, just to follow-up on that, why is 60 million to 90 million still the right number in the U.S. given what we saw out here in 3Q and what youre looking at for the fourth quarter?
Reed Hastings: Well, everything that were seeing is completely consistent with the whole society, not only the U.S., but around the world is moving to Internet video and Internet television. And so I think its completely consistent with what were seeing. And were seeing  we saw Starz a week ago announced that they are doing an Internet video service; we saw HBO; perhaps all the other providers over the coming weeks. And so think of all the big networks are moving to Internet video and its just becoming a very large opportunity.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson:  David, given that that revenues came in line, subscribers came in lighter in the U.S. was there a mix-shift amongst your pricing tiers in the third quarter?
David Wells: Not really. Before I jump into the question, I realized that I didnt provide the Safe Harbor statement. So we will be making forward-looking statements during this interview and actual results may vary. And theres your proof that its  this is not a scripted interview. So Michael, back to your question, in terms of really the revenue number, we sort of missed on the total subscriber line and there is a bit of a delay between the folks getting a 30-day free trial and the revenue coming in. So that would explain most of it. There is a little bit of a mix-shift in terms of ASP being slightly higher than we forecasted, but most of it was just because of the revenue having a little bit of a lag.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: Reed, can you talk about the strength of subscribers in the new Western European markets in 3Q, how they performed early on versus your expectations and then also how much do you know here about conversion rates as theyre just coming off of their one-month free trials and how is that impacting your guidance for 4Q.
Reed Hastings: Well, we had a very successful launch. Weve done numerous launches now starting in Canada four years ago, so were getting better and better at it. Weve got some of the fastest integration with MVPD set-tops that weve ever seen in the world. In the U.S., we still dont really have anything material. In the UK, it took us a year-and-a-half to get Virgin and we were able to announce Orange and Deutsche Telekom, and these are all going live shortly or just turned live or going live over the next couple of months. So, really a great successful launch that portents well for us and thats built in to the guidance. So, were feeling, I mean, just incredible about international when you think that from starting four years ago in Canada to  through to the Netherlands, so almost 40 countries, as a whole are now profitable, just an average of two or three years after starting. Its a great success and thats why were continuing to invest so rapidly at international.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Okay. I have a two-parter for Reed and Ted on HBO GO. Today, the big news out of the Time Warner Investor Day was the announcement of an over-the-top service to be launched next year in the U.S. Two questions would be for Reed. What do you think the impact on competition will be as they start really pushing that product? And for Ted, the take-away was they might start sourcing some of Time Warners  theyre putting Time Warners content into HBO on kids and maybe on movies and TV shows, so talk about those two things.
Reed Hastings: Sure, absolutely on the consumer side its one more channel. So already consumers subscribed to us, and Hulu, and Amazon, and they do pay-per-view, and they do DVD, and they do cable. So there are so many great sources of entertainment and consumers subscribe to many of these. So its not much of a change in the direct competitive landscape. We and HBO have completely different content. So I dont think it will be significant impact at the consumer level. As we bid for content, thats more significant and Ill turn that over to Ted.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, Id say similarly that HBO is another buyer in the market if they do choose to start licensing from, even from their sister companies. And different companies have different views of how they look to vertically integrate. But in this case, I think theyre very, they have an established revenue model for that content, with buyers like Netflix and others that they will have to competitively bid in the market for.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: Reed, just following up on HBO GO and the competitive dynamic there, do you have a view on how it could be priced and distributed when it ultimately comes out?
Reed Hastings: In Nordics, theyve competed with us since launch two years now with HBO Nordics and there they chose to price on top of our pricing. Now, that pricing is higher because the VAT and cost of living, so its not definitely indicative. But theyve been quite aggressive in the Nordics and we stayed well ahead.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: It looks like this quarter, Ill throw to David, that the guidance provided on free subs in international markets missed our expectations and your expectations. What is going on there? How could free trial subs miss expectations?
David Wells: Well, theres a number of ways. We just didnt grow as much as we thought we were going to in terms of bringing folks in. So across a number of markets we were lighter versus our forecast than we expected. And you collect all of those markets together and you get to a point where you missed on the total number, but you made it on the paid number.
Reed Hastings: And when David talks about missing, remember that what were providing is our internal forecast and we expect to miss pretty frequently. Thats the mid-point to essentially and so well be a little above that, a little below that every quarter.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And David, you called out in the letter basically that the increase in pricing may have had some impact in 3Q and perhaps a greater impact than you saw in the second quarter, perhaps, because Orange Is the New Black offset that. Beside pricing, is there anything else that you can point to in the U.S. in particular?
David Wells: Any given quarter, theres a number of swing factors involved. We said that was our leading indicator or leading factor in the quarter. The Home Depot breach certainly brought down some of our  put a number of people on payment-hold. But we felt like if we provided three or four more swing factors it felt a little bit like an excuse, so we didnt do that. But there are certainly other factors at play. We had a strong comp last year with releasing Orange in July versus in Q2 of this year and we talked a little bit about that. We certainly saw some effects from the Home Depot breach and then theres two or three more of those that we could talk about, but they are minor compared to what we think is the major one.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Reed, we got a lot of questions about France versus Germany as markets. Can you  I know, its early days, can you share us some information as what you are seeing on initial take-up rates or excitement around  in France and Germany for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: Yes, absolutely. I mean France and Germany are unique markets and so is Brazil a unique market and so is Norway. And now, we are over 45 of these unique markets. And every market weve been able to figure out over time, whats the right mix of content. And think of basic consumer behavior as they want control and they want Internet video, because they get to watch on any screen, they get to watch any time they want, they get to binge-watch. Those are very universal values and so were gaining increasing confidence that Netflix is highly relevant around the world and thats why were just looking forward to continue to expand next year.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And just following up Reed and perhaps Ted here as we talked about the International business, what percentage of content in new international markets is local? How do you know what the right level is here, and do you feel like you have enough currently in France and Germany?
Ted Sarandos: So, Doug, I'll jump in there. The  its similarly places the other markets have been around 15% to 20% local and within others, with 80%, 85% being either Hollywood or other international content. We  one of our first indicator is that, we are getting the mix right is how many hours of viewing people are participating in? And in France and Germany, the viewing hours are quite healthy relative to all of our other launches. So we're finding  consumers are finding the things they want. The tricky thing is figuring out is the local content something that people want in the long-term, because when we first get to a new market, I think people are mostly excited about those things that they didnt have access to before. So, Orange Is the New Black was by far the most watched show in both France and Germany and, in fact, all of the markets that we launched. So it tells you that with all the differences in taste that they both  they all rallied around that show. I do think too that we're offering those markets unprecedented choice, not just in programming, but also in choice of language, where you can watch the show either in native language or subtitles or dubbed in local language, which is something thats not been available to consumers in those markets before.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: David, in the press release today or the letter to shareholders, you mentioned that Canada is now at the same margin as the U.S. after four years. How different are the penetration rates between those markets, I know, you dont get into the actual rates. But how different are acceptance rates there and is that the threshold for profitability in terms of U.S. level profitability around the world?
David Wells: Well, you're right, we dont get into specifics. But the penetration  the rate of growth in any given market can be different. So the rate of growth between Canada, between Europe, between Latin America can be very different. But just reiterating in terms of the financial performance and the return on investment, in 2012, we spent nearly $400 million in terms of contribution loss on international. And what we were telling you today is that is now a positive number. So, in little less than two years, we've made great progress. We think the international is a very good investment. So, some markets are going to take longer than others, the content maybe priced lower in those markets. So, the economics are very different market to market.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: David, you mentioned in the letter a little bit about the changes in the VAT in Europe that go into effect in 2015. Can you talk here about how those new rules will impact Netflix in Europe, and how much profit is at risk here, can you just perhaps quantify things beyond just talking qualitatively about?
David Wells: Sure. So Luxembourg had an arrangement with the EU, where if you were headquartered there, you could charge a 15% Luxembourg VAT rate. And VAT rates, they vary from Switzerland at 8% on the low end to the Nordic countries at 25% on the high end. So for us, we're talking about an internal cost change to Netflix, because we're not going to pass that along to the consumer of about 5% on average of Europe revenue. So some others rates are going from 15% to 25%, some of them are going from 15% to 19%, but a weighted average that you can sort of ballpark is about 5% of European revenue.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: David or Reed, can you give us an update on 2015 international expansion plans, youve called out that you are going to keep opening up new markets, how should investors think about the speed of those openings in investments in 2015?
Reed Hastings: We're still sorting that out Michael, trying to figure out, which markets are most attractive and we'll have some announcements to make over the next year. If you look at our long-term strategy, we've been extremely consistent over the past three years, saying that, we're going to take all of our profits and put them into international expansion, because we see it as such a big opportunity. So think of that as the base case if we can move quickly enough, then we can deploy all of those profits in highly productive ways.
David Wells: And I would say to give you some sense of the magnitude, we peaked out of international loss at 105 million we guided in Q4 to a number that slightly lower than that. But in terms of the potential down the road, we certainly could see that level of investment.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Okay. Thank you.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: So following up on that Reed and then perhaps Dave as well, Reed, you recorded about a month ago saying that it would take three to five years for single country to get to break-even. And then also that it could take Europe five to ten years overall to the break-even, and then also that you want to be fully global including China. Can you help us sort these out, and in particular, do you still believe that international contribution margins can be comparable to U.S. margins in a more mature state?
Reed Hastings: Yes, we're making great progress on international. We gave you the proof point on Canada having gotten there; we're continuing to make progress in all those markets towards having a similar contribution to contribution profit to the U.S. and contribution margin, so feeling great about that. The three to five years is what we've seen in our experience, we'll see if future markets are slower or faster, there are some variations. And then overall, Europe picture is, because we keep adding new markets, so thats why thats our longer timeframe, because its a cascade from the very beginning.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And just to clarify on that, you still think that thats the right kind of timeframe for Europe overall cascading from the beginning?
Reed Hastings: Yes, there's nothing thats changed.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Ted, as you start buying rights like Gotham worldwide, you start seeing some markets like Australia acknowledge that you have the rights to Gotham in those markets. How do you balance the need to basically buy global rights with a desire to be more measured as you expand internationally?
Ted Sarandos: Well, the one thing thats been really encouraging Michael is that the content, there is a lot of our content choices have proven to be extremely global starting with all of our original series that, Orange Is the New Black and House of Cards have been huge successes in not just in Australia, but in China, I mean, all over the world. So these buys bode well I think for future expansion in all territories. And the  right now, I believe we've hit kind of a financial tipping point, where we can move forward on buying up more territories than we're currently operating in versus playing catch-up, which we had been doing, licensing the territory or creating original series, and then several years later having to go back and either renegotiate for that series or not have it like we dont have House of Cards in some of our current expansion territories.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: David, just on international expansion, what do you think the best way is for the street to think about and model your future international markets? So meaning, if we dont know the exact markets in any given years, what is the reasonable expectation for the number of new broadband households that you would like to address over the next few years, obviously, there is big implications here for both subs and, of course, for the bottom line. And do you expect these international launches to continue to be more heavy in 3Q and 4Q, or more evenly spread out through the year?
David Wells: Well, I've given you some indication of sort of, at least, the financial magnitude, I dont think, we have an addressable broadband household target in mind when we think about the next wave of international expansion. There is a number of just execution elements that come into play, how many we think we can do successfully well at the same time or consecutively and certainly we're getting closer and closer as Ted talked about to a global right. So in terms of the incremental cost associated with an international launch, we certainly are reflective in some of our produced content today of having a global right or close to a global right. So I would say, its our intent to continue to rollout international. You've got some indication of magnitude on the financial side, and we intend to continue to pursue it, because its been a great investment so far.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: David, based on some of our analysis, I think other people feel the same way, it looks like you can add in new markets between 300 to 500 basis points of penetration in the first couple of years, is that consistent with your own data which you have and were not been able to dig into?
David Wells: We dont provide that level of detail and specificity.
Reed Hastings: The one thing, David, that we said in as we do in the launch markets is that, it took in the U.S. seven years to get to about one-third of broadband households. And that in the developed markets, so not as much LATAM, but for Western Europe that we're targeting those kind of numbers getting to a third of households over seven years. So that would be consistent with the trajectory that you've just outlined Michael.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Okay. Thanks.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: All right. Lets shift a little bit more toward content, so Ted, a couple big announcements recently certainly Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and then also the Adam Sandler deal, I'll just hit on the latter, but can you talk more about how data influence the decision to do the four movie deal with Adam Sandler. Can you talk about his global appeal as well, and do you think there are other actors or actresses that could have similar appeal for Netflix going forward?
Ted Sarandos: Sure, Doug, the Adam Sandler decision was driven on by following market after market seeing Adam's films either from his deepest catalogue to his newest releases performing  outperforming not only performing their Box Office, but performing wonderfully in every territory defying conventional wisdom that America comedy doesnt travel. And more importantly, he really performs well in the Box Office in our key markets like Brazil, like Germany, like the UK, and his last movie was 60% international. So Adam is not only a proven 20-year star, I mean, he has a move that performs well in the Box Office every summer for 20 years. He is a real global superstar and we see that in the data and the more international we get, the more access we have to that data  those data points versus relying on conventional wisdom of generic thinking like that American comedians dont travel so well. So we're really proud of the deal and we think that our subscribers are going to love having access to those movies immediately through this new deal.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Ted, you mentioned or the letter mentioned today that its more efficient for you to buy movies this way than buying in your Pay 1 window. Can you talk more about that, because it seems to me that you are a successful film producer, you want to use the windows to monetize all your consumer touch point, so why is it more efficient to do it this way versus Pay 1?
Ted Sarandos: Well, there is a couple of ways to think about it Michael, the main one is access to content that people want to watch. And I think this long protracted window model was fine before On-Demand was possible like consumers now expect to see content sooner or have access to content earlier windows in the formats that they want to watch. So in this case, we are talking about Netflix and the current pay model doesnt deliver movies to us till about 10 months to a year after theatrical and in some cases nine years after theatrical over sitting behind someone else's deal. So if you look at a successful film and you roll up all the license fee  all the licensing fees in each territory, it is possible there is an economic trade off that you are paying less to produce the film than you are to license it, and this model to your point about, you want to split those of the windows. For us this is programming cost, not an individual P&L on each film.
Reed Hastings: And the broad point here is especially with Adam Sandler multi-movie deal, its establishing a sense in the subscribers of thrilled with Netflix, because I'm in the Adam Sandler I watch this and now the next movie and the next movie comes. So think of it with us playing with this idea of episodic and serialized, but now in the movie forum and seeing what kind of great brand allegiances we can create for Adams fans, thats not everybody, but they are very identifiable. So I think its a very creative approach that Ted's pioneered here.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And on that note with the Adam Sandler deals, Ted, can you just talk to us about how you would actually measure the success of these kind of partnerships given that you dont have the traditional barometer of the Box Office to track here?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I would think about the same way we look at the successes around original series or any of our license series relative to what you are paying, do you get this kind of three legs of success, with the viewing, the brand halo, and net subscriber additions based on access to the content. I think that particularly and this one is, we try to be as consumer friendly as we can and I think the model here is telling us that consumers want access to those films sooner and that we could build them model thats economically feasible to do it. But if the measure  the measure  you should think about measuring success the same way we do series and do people get excited about Netflix because of it. And I think as Reed pointed out, I'm as excited about this as I have been since we talked about House of Cards a couple of years ago, about the potential impact on the brand and the subscriber enthusiasm around it.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Ted, in the UK, we found some data that suggests that younger households are consuming a lot more Netflix than older households, penetration rates are higher. You mentioned in the letter that you had, I think 75 series, kids series with over 2 million views. Can you talk a little bit about what is that mean, is that over a week, is that over, what duration is that and is that globally. They're  those are active titles, titles that are currently being watched, and thats a domestic number and we want to point that out, because relative to other outlets for kids programming thats a pretty big number for those and particularly in that kind of volume. But those are domestic and you can think about the international and domestic split roughly similar to our subscriber base.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: And  within what timeframe, is it on a monthly basis, is it qummed [ph] over time?
Reed Hastings: They are currently active titles and they are qummed for active titles.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Okay. Okay, thanks.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And Ted, on Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon some of the major theatre-chains here have responded pretty negatively early on in terms of the day-and-date IMAX release and Netflix streaming plans. What happens to the economics of your film strategy if some of those major chains prevent IMAX from exhibiting the film?
Ted Sarandos: Very little economically, I mean, I think the key to it is we would like to give the consumers the choice to see a big film on a big screen. And Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is not a direct-to-video low budget sequel, its a big film. And itd be fantastic to have the opportunity to see it on the IMAX screens at the same time and IMAX has made arrangements with us for that to happen. I think its  as expected the theatre-chains reacted negatively publicly. But I think the really  the real story will unfold on August 28 when the film opens, when we see if its on those screens or not.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Reed, in the past quarter, it looks like in Canada, a local tribunal, the CRTC was asking for some data regarding Netflix that you guys were not willing because of privacy to share. Are you worried that governments and regulators will start asking for even more disclosure and try to enforce more traditional regulatory pressures upon your business?
Reed Hastings: Its super important that Netflix maintain a reputation with consumers for protecting privacy against a wide range of players. So you will see us be a really staunch ally of the consumer. Will there be conflict with certain government agencies that may over time; we are not seeking to have a fight. We are going to try to work well with everyone and certainly as an example in France, I think we really turned around what could have been a difficult situation into one that was quite positive. So we are getting better and better at those governments relation skills, where we dont have to have a battle.
Ted Sarandos: Its probably worth mentioning, Michael, in Canada producing Netflix content gets bigger in the animated space. Were one of the largest employers in Canada for animation executives and there is  I think something on the magnitude of $140 million a year be important to the Canadian economy producing animation for Netflix. Its pretty impressive.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: David, can you talk about just how the amortization of these newer movie deals are going to be recognized on the financial statements? And then just in particular, can you go into some detail? I know you talked about in the letter some, but just the dynamics around free cash flow and EPS as both a function of some of the heavier content investments and then also the international expansion as well?
David Wells: Sure. So I'll take the amortization question. In terms of how the movies will be amortized, they will be accelerated like our large original series are. And until we have more data to challenge that whether it should be faster or slower, we'll take that assumption that theyll be accelerated. And then your second question was on free cash flow relative to net income. So we put the graph in there to illustrate the separation that happened in Q3. We've been saying this for quite some time in terms of the pressures on cash being the expansion of content, including produced content as well as the international expansion, because it forces the loss lower. So I would say, its still consistent when we talked about 1.2 to 1.3 ratio of cash outlaid to content P&L expense is still consistent. And if we spend $3 billion globally on content and growing, even taking the 1.2 or the 20% ratio thats 600 million of cash laid out for content over and above the P&L expense. So we expect these trends to be persistent and I think that we have 1.7 billion in cash. I think were okay for the next few quarters, but we continually look at this and if we continue to expand both content and international as we expect to do, then you should continue to see some pressure on the cash  on the free cash flow.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Ted, can you talk a bit about off-network syndication? In the past quarter, you were able to license both Gotham and Blacklist a year after they aired on network television. Can you talk a bit about what changed in model and what's the cost of those types of purchases versus maybe library content?
David Wells: Yes, and there is other variants on the model like in January you will see a Better Call Saul, the Breaking Bad prequel that we will be licensing in all of our other territory. And a year after in the U.S. and Canada, and then in the first run every other territory we operate in. So we are super excited about that one too. And I look at it about as all these models are changing pretty rapidly there is multiple buyers in the market. So I think at any one piece of content, the bidding can get pretty intense, but overall, the content costs are pretty consistent on all these new models. And I think operating in 50 different countries and being willing to operate in multiple windows, gives us a real advantage in the market, so we're excited about that.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And Ted, thereve been some comments in the press recently and I think coming from agencies essentially. Theyre really the foundation for the agencies in selling to a streaming service. Back-ends of course are typically their foundation, but selling to a streaming with a perpetual deal they wouldnt necessarily know where that back-end would come from if there may not be a second sale. Does that create a problem for you in buying content rights across all markets and do you see any push-back there?
Ted Sarandos: No, Doug. And just like every time you present to a new market and a new window and a new paradigm, you got to figure out how to make it work in the old world too. So I think in  these problems were contemplated back when HBO started doing original series before they had a DVD business, before they knew if they were going to syndicate, so I think those are all navigatible and had been navigated in the past and were navigating them as well.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Reed, a question on Internet net-neutrality, one of the things we started with looking at broadband investment is if the interconnect fee is capped or protected or kept zero, how do investors in broadband plant recoup their investment if they cant charge interconnections or how does the Comcast investor or the PIPE investor think about returns on their investment if they cant charge for interconnection?
Reed Hastings: Well, the simple version is they collect revenue on the Internet from their customers and that pays for the network and we dont ask them to pay for our content and we dont think they should ask us to pay for their network. So thats the basis of the no fee interconnect.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: David, I think U.S. marketing spend was down about 5% year-over-year and more than 200 basis points as a percentage of revenue. Why spend fewer dollars in 3Q if the growth was slowing down and youre coming in below forecast and could this have hindered sub-growth and how should we think about that marketing dollar trend going forward?
David Wells: Well, I think back six, eight years ago, there was a much more direct connection between our marketing spend and our net-additions in terms of bidding on bounties for people to sign-up via click-through on an online ad. I dont think thats true anymore. So I dont think that whether our marketing spend is up 10% or down 10%. There is an immediate direct connection felt on our net addition growth. So when we look at our marketing spend, we look at a number of factors. We look at what content, what opportunities we have to spend against that in the quarter. We look at what our margin targets are. Theres a number of things that go into that. But I wouldnt say that that was a large influent on the  on sort of the year-on-year decline of growth that we saw in the U.S.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Reed, over the past weekend, our home which uses FiOS had a trouble getting on to Netflix which is a good problem to have. But I wonder, what does your research tell you about satisfaction levels when there is a buffering or connectivity issue and how does that get solved?
Reed Hastings: Im surprised that you got an issue. Verizons done a lot of investment over the past three months to get the average speeds up and whats remarkable is how quickly theyve been able to expand the interconnect so that the average speeds for Verizon are now some of the highest in the United States, still not as high as many of the speeds in Europe but some of the highest in the U.S. So it should be very rare and I have to follow-up with you and we can take a look at the logs for your home if youre comfortable with that, and well see what was going on. Maybe, one of the kids was doing some illegal downloading.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Its my problem.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: Reed, just in thinking about the U.S. versus international markets, can you compare and contrast some of the challenges with peering with interconnection and net-neutrality, especially in markets internationally where we may be seeing some consolidation? Do you see any elevated challenges in some of those new markets you might wish to go into in 2015 and beyond?
Reed Hastings: Outside the U.S. theres much more of a common regiment of settlement-free interconnect. The whole charging for interconnect is really an artifact of size. So Comcast is the biggest so they get to charge the most and then it goes down from there, so its straight power dynamics as opposed to costs or anything like that. So its a much friendlier climate outside the U.S. for settlement-free interconnect.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: David, can you update us on foreign exchange? I know its still early days and you guys are growing internationally, but is your cost base denominated for most part in U.S. dollars and is revenue base denominated internationals? How does currency affect you guys next year?
David Wells: Its a mix, but its actually very quite small. Its under $1 million of P&L effect. On sort of valuing the balance sheet items theres a little bit more of an effect especially against the British pound. I would say theres a mixture across it, so theres some natural hedging that occurs, but right now its actually quite small in terms of an overall influence on our EPS and on our P&L.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: Reed, or perhaps, David, can you review economics just around how the through the middle kind of set-top box relationships work and perhaps talk a little bit about how some of these newer dynamics or relationships in Western Europe may be relative to earlier deals and some of the smaller stuff for example that youve had in the U.S.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think well both tell you the same thing that, we cant tell you much about those deals, that were comfortable with the economics. Weve done lots of deals in the U.S., first with Xbox, then with PlayStation, Apple TV, et cetera. So weve been doing these kinds of deals for a long time.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Reed, as HBO starts building out in the U.S. youve had experience in the Nordic region where theyve competed with you. Can you share a bit what you have learned within the Nordics and does it mean for overall television consumption in that market?
Reed Hastings: Yes, each market is unique. So, I think theyve had some teething problems initially two years ago that they probably would not have in the U.S. I think theyve been licensing broadly, they just licensed a number of Starzs titles. So theyre willing to license beyond their core platform. Theyve done pretty well and weve done very well. And what weve talked to when we talk to subscribers there is there really, if theyre in the content they subscribe to both services. So I really think were going to see this just really fun-coupled years with the two of us compete for the best content, the most Emmies, the subscriber growth. And many, many people will subscribe to both services. So were looking forward to that. Were just excited that HBO is really in the game with the Internet. Theyre the leader in their field. Theyre well ahead of their peer-group. Theyre ahead of the broadcast networks in this dimension so its exciting to see.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: David, you updated the U.S. margin outlook to the 200 basis points of expansion per year and getting up to 40% over five years, of course, after you hit 30% early next year. How do you get comfortable that you can still invest what you need to in content in the U.S. and also do that 40% longer term margin.
David Wells: Well, I think Ted would tell you that he take everything that weve given. But I think that even with the shift to the 200 it still allows for some pretty significant expansions of both licensed and produced content. So we feel pretty comfortable about the room for continued growth of the quality of the content. And I think it provides a little bit of discipline in terms of making sure that we spend that marginal dollar well. So Id say that were pretty comfortable on both senses.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And any chance you want to share more on what sub-number that 40% implies five years down the line?
David Wells: It implies continued growth.
Reed Hastings: Michael and Doug, we should do one more question each and then we should wrap it up.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Okay. Thanks, Reed. I have one for Ted. I believe one of your content deals early on had a put option for a company to actually put shows to you. I wondered what do you think will happen to those  to that agreement longer term and should we expect some more of the show  a big bundle of shows put to you in the next one or two years?
Ted Sarandos: All those deals, especially the early deals are very organic and theyve all been in various stages of renegotiation and extension and redefining. So theres nothing looming thats troubling in that way because remember they were mostly designed in the beginning to gain access to the content, not to try to avoid getting the content. So were  theres nothing out there that were nervous about or concerned about in our existing deals about a put that could just looming out there.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: And Reed, a question that we frequently get still is on pricing. We obviously saw the small, what we thought was a small pricing change in 2Q, but perhaps had a bigger impact in the third quarter. Does that mean really as we look out over the next couple of years that you may not do anything in, in terms of pricing or do you think, still think that youd look to experiment potentially, do things around tiering?
Reed Hastings: Well, wed definitely be listening closely to our members and then as we add more and more great original content than I think were more valuable to consumers. So were seeing an adjustment period thats this quarter, were learning how to do that. But over the long time consumers pay for value and its up to us to frontload that value. And boy, the slate of content that Ted has for next year, its, its really exciting and it kicks off with Marco Polo in early December. With that, let me thank everybody for joining us on this call and look forward to catching up with all of you over the quarter. And special thanks to Doug for his year of service. So well continue.
Douglas Anmuth  JPMorgan: Thank you.
Michael Nathanson  MoffettNathanson: Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - CFO Reed Hastings - CEO  Ted Sarandos - CCO 
Analysts: Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson 
David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q2 2014 Earnings Interview. I am David Wells, CFO. I am joined today on the Company side by Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will once again be Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan and joining us today for the first time will be Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson who receives the baton from Rich Greenfield. We will be making forward-looking statements today. Actual results may vary.  Our first question comes from Doug. So Ill turn it over to Doug.
Doug Anmuth : Great, thanks, David. Welcome, everybody, and thank you to Netflix for having Michael and me host today's conference call. So our first question, just on international strength, Reed, if you could talk about what drove the international strength in subscribers in Q2? You called out a couple things in particular, in terms of the Virgin deal, in terms of a set top box integration, and then also smart TV viewing in Latin America, so was hoping you could add a little bit more color on those, as well.
 JPMorgan: Great, thanks, David. Welcome, everybody, and thank you to Netflix for having Michael and me host today's conference call. So our first question, just on international strength, Reed, if you could talk about what drove the international strength in subscribers in Q2? You called out a couple things in particular, in terms of the Virgin deal, in terms of a set top box integration, and then also smart TV viewing in Latin America, so was hoping you could add a little bit more color on those, as well.
Reed Hastings: What weve seen really is just tremendous adoption of on-demand viewing consumers around the world whether its Argentina, Brazil, Finland, the UK its been really quite consistent. So there are some accelerators that we talked about with the Smart TV. But there is probably no better symbol of how strong is on-demand phenomena that to tell you that during the World Cup we were concerned that we would see a drop off around the world, particularly in Brazil and that we didnt want to over read it. If we saw a drop off in net adds and growth and what was incredible is just how straight our line of net addictions were in Brazil during the World Cup. And thats nothing I dont think that were specifically doing, its really this growing demand for control and for the consumer be able to click and watch what they want. And so thats why were stepping up on the international expansion just because we really see that this is an enormous moment in history as on-demand Internet services are coming to the floor around the world.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: David, can I ask you one on incremental margins. If we look at your margins in the first half of the year, youre growing your margins incrementally 45%, dropping down from revenues to margin to profits. Why dont you think margins can continue growing at the 400 basis point range that you saw and why did you identify different levels the 100, 200 and 400 basis point level of improvement. What control those potential margin levels?
David Wells: Well, Michael I dont know if I agree with your premise I dont think we said that margins will stop growing or will shift to 200. What we said is when we get to 30% we want to give ourselves a little bit of leeway to reevaluate. There is a number of things that well weigh and balance and that is the competitive set what we want to spend on content, how we want to grow that, how our average subscription price is growing with the recent price changes, its still very early on those. So there are a number of things that will balance out. And we want to give ourselves a leeway to back-off a little bit if we think thats the right trade-off to make in terms of spinning more on content. It doesnt mean that we will, it just means that were trying to create a little bit of room for ourselves especially with all of these unknowns as we get closer to next year.
Doug Anmuth : Okay, thanks. And Reed, in the letter, you talked about the price changes having a minimal impact on growth overall, but can you just provide a little bit more color? Do you think, in terms of the nuances, did it impact churn, or help reduce churn in any way during the quarter? And what's your view on the way the price change could impact going forward?
 JPMorgan: Okay, thanks. And Reed, in the letter, you talked about the price changes having a minimal impact on growth overall, but can you just provide a little bit more color? Do you think, in terms of the nuances, did it impact churn, or help reduce churn in any way during the quarter? And what's your view on the way the price change could impact going forward?
Reed Hastings: I think weve seen really the impact of the price change go through already so its pretty nominal, both in terms of acquisition which in principle becomes a little bit harder because of the roughly $1 higher prices, or in retention which could be a hair better from the grandfather subs. But its only $1 difference. So, I really think its background noise which is what we want it to be as we want to think of what we do is were steadily improving the content and the growth in the word of mouth and that when we make a small change in price and handle it appropriately it really makes no noticeable effect in the business. So thats why were thrilled with that outcome.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Okay. David, I wondered if looking your guidance for 3Q, would you have gotten to breakeven internationally in the third quarter if it wasnt for the new market launches and as we think about the growth rate and cost in the third quarter as sustainable into the fourth quarter internationally.
David Wells: So in terms of our international guide I think you can see that most of that is our new markets. So yes we would be pretty close to breakeven if not a breakeven for Q3 in our existing markets. And then the second part of your question was again, could you repeat that?
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Well if you look at inflation in Q3 from lets say breakeven to where youre guiding to. Should we assume that continues to the fourth quarter, it seems a logical assumption that wont be a lot of change?
David Wells: I see what you mean. Well just to remind you that our launch is that were saying are in the back half of the third quarter, so they are not a full quarter of content spending. Let me get that full quarter of content spending for the first time in Q4. So our typical pattern has been to grow content spend from the launch quarter. Marketing, it balloons a little bit in that first quarter of growth as we launch a brand new brand in those markets. Then it tends to settle down into a run rate and that should give you some trending on our international costs.
Doug Anmuth : Great, and Ted, just perhaps one more question just related to Q2, and then we'll move on. Can you comment on Orange Is the New Black? You talked about in the letter how it became the most watched show in every country during Q2. Are there any other updates that you can provide around usage metrics, and then maybe talk about what you saw in Orange in Q2 perhaps versus the second season of House of Cards a quarter earlier?
 JPMorgan: Great, and Ted, just perhaps one more question just related to Q2, and then we'll move on. Can you comment on Orange Is the New Black? You talked about in the letter how it became the most watched show in every country during Q2. Are there any other updates that you can provide around usage metrics, and then maybe talk about what you saw in Orange in Q2 perhaps versus the second season of House of Cards a quarter earlier?
Ted Sarandos: Well I think it continued the positive that we saw from House Of Cards, meaning that the excitement from the second season is amplified from like this show that people dont really know a lot about yet or in the case of House of Cards before we launched that no one even knew what a Netflix original series was going to be like. So here you have had a large pool of people around the world anxious for that second season. It starred in the Social Media Buzz that was really phenomenal for that launch. It gives us a lot of confidence for the outline seasons, the original series as well.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: I have one for Ted and for Reed together. So last week FOX announced interest in acquiring Time Warner, two companies you know a lot about. If a merger were to occur, I think that would affect your negotiating leverage to get acquired and original programming. And this is a deal that you would block, Reed given the scale of the TV and film output from both companies.
Ted Sarandos : Michael Id say that FOX and Warner are both pretty powerful companies today, particularly in the area of original production for television and film. So I dont know how that changes much in terms of coming together. Wouldnt want to make a lot of speculation about whats driving it. Probably there is a lot more to do with cable negotiations in sports than consolidating power reproduction. This is very difficult to corner the market on creativity or ideas. So I dont see how its effecting too dramatically in these early days.
David Wells: And Michael I dont have any speculations for you on what we would do, there is not even a deal between those companies. So well take it as it comes, but as Ted said the more that were working directly with producers the less vulnerable we are to aggregation in the big content suppliers.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: And just following up there in terms of content and on studio related. Do you feel like you have the need to own your own studio production capabilities to protect yourself from some of the risks potentially associated with fewer production houses to buy from? Would you create your own studio from scratch perhaps would have made sense to the acquisitive in this area?
Ted Sarandos : I think a lot of it is tactical in terms of how you go about the production cost. Do you want to own the infrastructure versus hire it or rent it and youll make those decisions as you go. There are probably some advantages, the intermodal and well keep exploring them as we own more and more of our production as we go forward. But think about it as the difference between renting sound stage time or owning the stage itself, it really depends on the volume of production youre planning to ramp up.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Reed can I shift you to the net new debate which I know you shared a lot already. But in your opinion whats the right regulatory approach for the U.S.? And should the FCC regulate the broadband industry as entitled to service. So I want to know if you could effect change of regulatory view, how would you do it.
David Wells: Well I think the most practical thing would be for the FCC to make it a merger condition policy of strong net new trial including no fee interconnect, so thats our main focus is around the merger acquisitions. In terms of the broad policy framework, its tough in the U.S. because there doesnt seem to be much chance that the Congress will pass a new law and so then youve got some imperfect instruments in title 2 and section 706. So the fundamentals though is really for the FCC has the power in merger conditions and clearly there are going to be a lot of mergers to be able to institute our strong net trial. So we think thats the most pragmatic approach.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: And just following up there Reed, last week in your comment letter to the FCC. You said that the Internet has had a cross roads and there is a risk of going down the path toward cable TV. Can you talk about what you mean there and a little bit more detail then and why you think the other road is better for the industry.
Reed Hastings: Sure in cable industry there has been constant conflict between the networks and the cable distributors leading to black outs and brown outs trying to figure out pricing. And we would hate to see ISPs brownout or blackout certain Internet sites in while they tried to extract payments. That just ruins the consumer experience this idea that when you sign up the Internet you can get everywhere. So, its finding an industry structure that works for everybody, that allow there to be great investment and super high speed broadband but also a stable understood interconnect structure that then makes it able so that consumers can get all the services they want and those doing content services like ourselves and Hulu and others can innovate without the fear of being taxed, so thats why were so big on the no fee interconnect.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Reed, its Michael. Following up on that is the media analyst here. I would say if you look at the power retrans is the content owner that has the power over the dump high. When I look at we are growing as a company, were making more investments in original content and exclusive content you are the content owner. So why do you think you wont be able to, why dont you think you only have the power to force the pipes into putting the line wherever you want because you are the content to what I am subscribing to?
Reed Hastings: Sure. There is a lot of ways to think about and we do get asked in the cable business so for example HBO is our peer in the cable business they actually charge the distributor rather than pay the distributor. And so the question comes up, should we over time be charging ISVs for the privilege of carrying our data to their customers and charging for that. And again I dont think so, I think the Internet really has this different much more open architecture than classic cable where we need in the middle we bring the bits to where they want, we dont charge them, they dont charge us, both sides base very open structure and I think then you get more competitors for Netflix frankly. But what you get is this open vibrant system. The Internet has been so famous while metro is the tradition that we grow up in and that were trying to see carry forward. And I am optimistic about it frankly.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Reed, actually for David let me switch gears a little bit, but sticking with net neutrality. If the condition in the case arises where we don't have strong net neutrality going forward, how do investors get assurances that the business is protected, in terms of cost, perhaps interconnection costs over time? And really thinking about it both on a short-term basis, and then over the long term.
David Wells: On a short term basis I think there is great assurances in the sense that weve been able to sign these immediate interconnect deals and still able to achieve our margin targets. And when our guidance implies these costs are embedded. So I do think its about a long term cost and well see where we go from here in terms of years. I think for Netflix content is our largest cost. It dwarfs all the other costs so it think its really about profit margin at that point and in terms of how much margin goes to a delivery cost versus other cost in our business, we would rather spend it on content.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Reed just to be our last unless my after net neutrality, you referenced the Virgin relationship in the UK as being helpful. Can you give us any more specifics on the rates of growth you get when you become closer to the distributor or the MSO? So anything you could talk about maybe growth rates in UK pre and post the Virgin relationship.
Reed Hastings: Well, were going to get live on Virgin for about six months. So what we can say is the initial reaction has been positive. Its not transformative to ballpark and I dont think for either of us. But its great for consumers on input number one thats their default input to be able to use Netflix on the device, the Virgin set top that they use most of the time. So I would say its an incremental positive. When you look, there is so many new smart TVs coming that have Netflix built in. There is going to be lots ways access Netflix, the Chromecast, Apple TV, Smart TV, NBPD Set Top. So, its a nice positive but its not transformative.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: David, a question just around free cash flow. As you're ramping up originals here fairly aggressively, and you obviously mention a number of titles that are in production, and as that ramps up into 2015, can you just help us understand how we should think about the impact in terms of working capital around originals, and how we should think about that future trajectory of free cash flow versus EPS going forward? Thanks.
David Wells: Sure. Its no different than weve said before, which is the two main things that are pressuring cash use, our content expansion predominantly our produced content as well as our international expansion. So Doug I dont think anything has changed, I will say that weve been able to bubble on sort of at flat to slightly up in terms of free cash flow if we expand more aggressively internationally obviously that will pressure a little bit. And as we continue to expand original content and produced content, that will expand. So investors should expect to see a little bit of dip in Q4 and Q1, and it will be tied to that expansion of content. And in the future it really depends on how fast we expand internationally.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Ted, following on that answer how does the content offerings defer domestically and internationally, how is the local language factor play in due to source more locally than we probably would expecting France and Germany versus Canada and the UK, so any update on your strategies about sourcing content internationally.
Ted Sarandos: Michael, whats been really great is how much the content travels. So, in all of the international territories and France and Germany, appear to be that much different. Its somewhere between 10% and 20% local and mostly the rest of the international product, mostly Hollywood product that people want to see around world. So we do have a heavy focus on accessing the local content that matters, and establishing local relationships with local producers. In every market we imagine when we get out to some more exotic parts of the world that that may skew a little more local but today it has been well within that 20% local range.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: So a question on international expansion, perhaps for Reed. So if we think about the six markets that are coming here over the next few months, it feels like there are some specific nuances to some of them, perhaps Germany, which is more of a debit card than a credit card market for example, France, which has some protections around its own local content. Can you talk about some of those nuances, and how they are likely to impact your business?
Reed Hastings:  Well I think Doug in every market around the world there are new answers. Just to give you an example in Brazil there is a tremendous payment complexity plus the leadership of TV Global. In Canada, there is the CRTC; in the UK the BBC is quite unique in its role in society. So think of us as adapting to the local conditions in each case. As you point out in Germany there is a number of aspects that are unique as well as in France and were going to see this as we continue to expand beyond France and Germany and other countries that their unique conditions in every market. And our challenge and excitement around company is becoming a great global company where we really understand the new each of these markets and do a great job for consumers around the world. So there are some challenges there, there is no question I am sure well stop our toes on something and pick up the pieces. Like with payments in the beginning of Lat-Am three years ago. Weve had a lot of confidence about being able to figure out the issues once we get started. So thats why our view is we should get in the market we should get in the market, we should figure things out and then figure out those issues again around payments or other things in Germany and France.
David Wells : Following on the answer to France for Reed. There is a government policy in France called perceptions and youre familiar with it. Where you have to fund a certain number first local productions and also pay taxes to authority. So how did you get around that issue, where in France is very protectionist about the content that could be shown in?
Reed Hastings:  Were not really trying to get around anything, we want to invest in French society and French contact. And we want to give an avenue for French content to get out around world. There is some amazing French story tellers as a great French movie business, TV shows are growing. Were looking to do some investments in France with production that we can do, we could joke about it the House of Cards House of their Side, thats not literally the kind of thing that would be. But something like that where its a big French production but its not just for France its for the whole world. Were actively licensing again fresh content. Thinking what were trying to do is connecting the world as some of the worlds best content brought to the worlds Citizens. And thats really motivating for Ted for me for all the people at Netflix. And so we definitely got to work with French society and with the assumptions and beliefs that they have and we want to be loved in France by French consumers because we understand French content because we give it a bigger home and because were bringing some variety, like U.S. television shows, things that historically have been under distributed. Ted do you want to add to that?
Ted Sarandos:  Yes I would just say for all of that protectionism and all of the cultural favors that the Mentalist is the most popular television show in France. So the taste dont run that far off when you get down to the consumer. But I am really excited to have France look at us as somebody who brings opportunity to the market not there to harm the market in anyway. And that we will employ French production employees and create great content in France but as Reed said for around the world. And we currently even have Gaumont is a French company that produces Hemlock Grove 1 now and is about to go into production with Narcos. A lot of our animation projects are co-productions with French production companies. So this is not new ground for us. Were really excited about it.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Ted, just following up there, can you give us an update on certain content that you have as originals in the US and other parts of the world, but that you don't currently own on a first run basis in Germany and France? I believe such as House of Cards and your thoughts just on how material that is to the service?
Ted Sarandos: Well Doug because were expanding our original so rapidly, I dont think its necessarily detrimental, we love to have House of Cards in the first window France and Germany but its been very successful for others there. But Orange is the new Black well be launching in for the first time in those territories and all of our going forward series will also be there. And were back filling by having some other first run content like from From Dusk Till Dawn and other series that will premier in France and Germany for the first time on Netflix as well.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Ted do you have to change the way you source content? Would it be more efficient for the company to buy media going forward? So do you think about that and whats the impact to the business model by doing that?
Ted Sarandos: The more we expend the more that you reach those tipping points of the economics makes sense to buy out the rest of the world for different projects. When we first got in remember we were taking a pretty big bet on House of Cards right up the bet, so were kind of hedging it a bit by leaving some of those other territories on the table and as we have gotten more and more international and more and more original, we are picking up those territories today.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  David, a question just about the overall addressable market internationally, and I think you go into a little bit of detail in the letter, but you mentioned 700 million broadband households, I believe, globally. We know the 90 million or so in the US, and adding -- expanding international here to 180 million. How are you thinking basically about the rest of the TAM, and the ability for that to grow here over time?
David Wells :  Those numbers 730 is Kagans number there is another number that 800 thats Price Waterhouses, so around that range of 700 million to 800 million are today is broadband households. In all of these territories, mainly outside the U.S. in most of the develop markets in Europe are growing at a much faster pace. So those numbers are going to grow and grow. For us if you look at China about a quarter of that 730, were addressing a large swap in Europe and we would look to further that in Europe later if were successful. And so we like what we see as Reed said earlier were really do see widespread adoption and join in Netflix as a product, beyond demand and aspects the great content thats produce in any market and the exiting aspects of us as a global distribution platform are being able to bring great content to markets in the U.S. to markets in Europe and Asia we like the prospects of our opportunities there.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson:  David just mentioned China is a large source potential broadband household, how do you get into China, what youre thinking about potential timing of the China expansion.
Reed Hastings:  Well, let David address that.
David Wells:  I think its early. Its fair to tennis match that right back at me, Michael, but I think its pretty early, I think my reason that I would say its the quarter is it's conspicuously large, and it's conspicuously a growing and very strong economy. So look for the future, in terms of an answer from us in China.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  Great, just shifting gears into the US streaming business. As you approach 40 million streaming subs in the US toward the end of this year, and you're looking toward that lower end of 60 million to 90 million that you talk about, how do you think the mix of net adds changes between gross adds and churn going forward, and does lower churn really become an even stronger driver of the business?
David Wells:  I think that obviously we do think that weve got growth in both so it would be growth in reducing term or improving our retention and in bringing more and more people into the market I mean all originals have the potential as we produce more and more contact to sort of bring more people into Netflix and new types of subscribers into Netflix. So I think overtime Netflix will set more and more to people who are coming back and people who are staying longer just as we penetrate deeper into the U.S. but we still think we got some room to grow on both side.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson:  Ted when you figure that your U.S. mix what you think the mix of expenses would be between originals, acquired, TV acquired film and what the right balance of spending across three buckets.
Ted Sarandos :  Overtime Michael I love if you think about it most of that because we have a lot of programming like Breaking Bad that in the UK its a Netflixs original show and in other territories its a license. And we move pretty firmly in and out of that so big into our margin guidance is our content spend and we want to move a lot of it to originals most of because we have founded its given us new brand strength as those shows have been successful and they continue to prove to be successful and let them move down that further. But there is a lot of times where we will premiere the sequel to Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul; we're going to premiere that everywhere outside the North America Netflix. So thats kind of the reasonable ratio and kind of not for us in terms of how we treat it. So really if you want to think about it is total content expense and we want to get the content to consumers love and right now were having success in that area and we want to keep pushing down that path. So there is no optimal mix in that way.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  Ted, can you walk us through what the release schedule looks like for originals just through the rest of 2014 and then into 2015? And I realize it's tough maybe to choose between your kids here, but what new shows are you particularly excited about?
Ted Sarandos :  Well weve listed out all the premiere dates. The ones coming up in August, where we have BoJack Horseman, which is our first foray into adult animated comedy. It has Will Arnett and Aaron Paul voicing it, its very funny, and its again its a new broadening of what were doing on originals thats pretty exciting. And then we have the fourth season of the Killing also coming out in the couple of weeks and we're also really excited about in August. The one thats very ambitious on the large scale and weve been really thrilled with how its been coming in is Marco Polo that were filming in Malaysia right now. Its a very large scale show we filmed in Venice, in Malaysia, in Kazakhstan like were trying to do things that would be very difficult to do on conventional television Marco Polo is a very ambitious project thats coming together really beautifully were really excited about that for Q4.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson:  I wonder from when you first started you basically built a service on library acquired content. You've evolved to exclusives and originals. I wonder when you look at usage trends today. How important are the library achieve shows that you have won the first round of negotiations with studios persons I thinks are buying out so to talk a bit about the heavy usage trends among your consumers as youve gotten longer to the process?
Ted Sarandos :  The great thing about this time that we are in right now Michael is that content is still great and there is so much are being produced you can barely watch it all in our lifetime. So, the library becomes important because most people have never seen it, so its new to them. We are producing and bringing out original programming and about as fastest basis we can and maintain in the kind of quality that we have been able to. So, we are going to continue pushing on that path and originals is going to be a important component of that all the time but we will also I think we would always be a very valuable ultimate buyer for networks because so much of that content is never been seen by the public. So we are excited that we will to continue to play in that space where pretty popular at May screenings, we commit when they are showing those projects for us to potentially be a first window partner for those shows outside of the U.S. and because we are not lead to we are only going to put on the shows that we produce that gives us the opportunity to put a lot of content part of consumers that they love regardless of the business model.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  Ted, I just wanted to follow-up on a point that you said earlier, just around contracts. And I guess I'm curious how the initial kind of contracts around House of Cards and Orange may differ from what you're signing for new original series now, and is it fair to think that you are getting all of the international or global rights basically for these new originals that are coming out?
Ted Sarandos : The key for us that is we are trying to make sure we have we can control the exploitation in those territories particularly the ones that we are heading to. So, you can either get through that by owning the show outright or by negotiating to control of those rights with the content owners and have them as partners and Im open to either one of those that give us those kind of controls to that when we open a new markets we can launch those titles with us, if they are coming up at a time that makes sense, given them that we put so much branding power behind those shows leading up to the launch.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: Reed, can I ask you about international competition? You really enjoyed a first mover advantage in your first markets you went in to but now you see a lot of European markets where this two or three services outside UK, lets say in Germany and France, trying to do what you are doing, how do you think you would be able to differentiate yourself in the competition levels in terms of those markets where someone like a Sky, Sky Deutschland is already trying to achieve the same type of service?
David Wells:  Well, its a bit revisionist history, Michael because to say that we were first mover, because if you think about the UK, LOVEFiLM had been there for seven years, developed 2 million subscriber base, bought by Amazon infused with sustaining content was a tremendous significant competitor to us two and a half years ago when we launched. But what we did is we focused on television content, they focused on movies, we focused on incredible streaming performance that you never got buffering, working with all the integrators. And fundamentally its a focus thing, which is, its everything for us whereas this was a project for someone within a larger company and then now two and a half years later of course LOVEFiLM has folded up as a brand so we are tremendously excited about the opportunity to continue to move forward. We have also had Sky from the beginning in the U.K. we are very aggressive competitors, lots of different aspects of their service. But what its turned out is that we can grow very substantially in the U.K. and Sky is untouched similar to here in the U.S. how we are growing rapidly but MVPD as a total is untouched. So I think, the big MVPD is recognizing them you know Netflix is one more network just like YouTube it doesnt change our outcomes in any material way and we have again great focus, global R&D and those are the things that we look forward to. But in the end of the day there may well be room for several of these services in the market with different types of content that each have a exclusive content, if you think historically in the U.S. like HBO and Showtime, they are not really competing against each other except for content they are competing to get part of someones entertainment budget and in the same way we are like that in the new markets. So, we dont need to beat some new competitors, we just need to create an incredible service that all of that all of the citizens in each country that we serve want to be part of Netflix.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  Great. Ted, can you talk more about your plans for Chelsea Handler's new show coming up, and does this signal more of a move into live streaming, and now that you're moving more into late night talk, is there more of a strategy potentially around sports content over the long term?
Ted Sarandos : I think Chelsea is going to be a kind of great representative of the kind of concept the programming on Netflix because her show is a lot about the entertainment world, movies and television and culture and we think that it will be a great addition to Netflix in 2016. We just filmed her comedy special in Chicago and as you are going to do four more in 2015 and the show itself you should think about it is the way that people are not watching scripted programming the way they used to but also not watching these late night talk shows the way they used to. I mean they are not watching them at 11:30 they are watching in days, weeks sometimes in months later online or on stacked episodes on DVR. So what we are hoping to do with Chelsea and her team is to create a show thats built closer to the way people are going to watch it, the way we have done with serialized dramas where we to took out the commercial breaks and the cliffhangers and really produce it the way people watch. And we have got a lot of time between now and then to work through all the format details and Chelsea is incredibly excited and we are really excited about her brand and we think its going to be great for us. And in terms of your other question, I think about it as more of a continuum that this is not that instantly perishable content by any stretch but its to your point its more perishable than a movie but the economics kind of level that out for us.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson:  David and Reed, this question on international margins, do you think that international margins in their end state will look like U.S. margins or anything structurally different about your international businesses or the scale versus the U.S. activities?
David Wells :  This is, David, I will take that one. No, there isnt. We have gotten this question before. There is nothing really different about our international businesses that we cant achieve U.S. like margins or better in some of our markets. It really is about the competition in those markets and in terms of what consumer alternatives are there and how much we are able to charge and the value that deliver to these consumers but there is nothing structurally challenging about those markets that we cant achieve equal or better.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  David, just a question on the balance sheet. Can you help us understand how you think about the right amount of cash to have on the balance sheet, just given international expansion and then current free cash flow generation? And as part of that, we see the streaming content obligations move from $7.1 billion to $7.7 billion, which I think is one of the more significant moves that we've seen in recent quarters. And just how we should interpret that?
David Wells:  The content obligations are a little bit lumpy, depending upon what we do on produced contents, so I would look at it sort of over a year-on-basis basis rather than a sequential basis. But you are right, they have gone up some, they will continue to go up as we expand and grow our produced content line and to some extent our international expenses as well as we signed up for multi-year deals, those obligations roll-on to the table as well. So, the right amount of cash, cash is not an inoculator in terms a prolonged competitive battle. It does help in terms of short-term that does help the business in terms of making producers and others feel good about our balance sheet position. I would say in general, I was a bit worried earlier on say two, three years ago when were going through 2011 that were little thin and I thought we will be burning at faster than we actually did. So, for a while there I was a bit of little in terms of saying, telling investors, we are going to start burning, we are going to start burning and we really didnt. We grew it a little bit. We stayed flat for a while, so I think I am pretty solid on telling folks, look in Q4 and in Q1, we are going to start using cash a little bit more as we expand internationally and as we grow our content spend. And in the future, it will really depend on our international, on the pace of our international expansion, so I think I feel good about the level we are at now and it will really depend on our future plans.
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson:  Ted, just recently this week, I think you announced the pay one deal in Canada for Disney and I know you have done a couple of pay one deals elsewhere. Where do you think the potential is to really break the pay one window outside the U.S., so is that to know we can see more deals like that going forward?
Ted Sarandos :  I made a distinction before around the Disney relative to the other studios in that, for us the Disney output deal represents a pretty big chunk of kids viewing in general, so I think of it more like a kids programming move that also has a lot of movie component, so its a really great movie components with the Marvel Films and certainly the upcoming Star Wars movies. Whats really interesting about the Canadian deal is that Disney is now going to move that deal in U.S. and Canada to one supplier which has not been the historic norm and we are also going to line up the window, so our Canadian subscribers can be seeing movies at the exact same time as U.S. subscribers. And we do have other pay one deals around the world including a Warner Brothers in the Nordic as an example and a few others.  But for us its getting access to films, try to continue to narrow that window, so we can get them to consumers sooner and sooner. To kind of deliver on the expectation that the Internet has set-up for what I want, when I want, where I want.
Reed Hastings: Doug and Michael, why dont we do one question each for you guys and then we will wrap it up.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan:  Okay, great. So I wanted to go back to something we touched on earlier, and I guess it's primarily for David. Just trying to understand better, and hope you can drill down more on the 30%, why that's the right level to go to and then reassess the domestic streaming margins, and help us understand better how you think about these tradeoffs that you mentioned in the letter, the 400, 200, and then 100 basis points of margin improvement on an annual basis?
David Wells: 
 :
Michael Nathanson - MoffettNathanson: I would say following on that is for anything that you know today on the content cost side like the Disney deal that coming June 17 that makes you say that, do you, have you looked at your -- is there something youre looking forward and say hey, that is a hurdle that could change it?
Reed Hastings: No, Michael, this is more about perspective opportunities spend on the content line. We forward plan our business, we foreword plan our content spending fully, knowing fully well that that Disney deal has been done over a year then we have projections, Disney could have 20 releases at $400 million plus box office, but thats not likely to happen. So I think what weve done is taken a bunch of different median scenarios and say, look weve got that planned out. Its really about what else can we do with it, can we do more experiments in Teds world in the produced content? Can we license for content is that the right decision versus profit growth and making a very smart decision as business owner long-term about the competitiveness and setting ourselves up competitively through the long-term.
David Wells:
 :

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer, Vice President - Content
Analysts: Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research
David Wells: Great. Hi. I am David Wells, CFO of Netflix, and I would like to welcome everyone to today's Q1 2014 earnings interview. I am joined today on the company side by Reed Hastings, CEO; and Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us will be Rich Greenfield of BTIG Research and Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. We will be making forward-looking statements in today's earnings interview. Actual results may vary. At this point, I would like to turn it over to Rich Greenfield for our first question.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Thanks, David, and thank you to Reed and Ted as well for having both Doug and myself co-moderate your Q1 earnings conference call. I think we are going to go back and forth and switch between Doug and myself asking questions. The first question we would like to address to Reed Hastings. The question I think is on everyone's mind right now is why is now the right time for a price increase? I know a few years ago, you had talked about the need to wait a few years to raise pricing. Is it merely that a few years has passed? Or is there something else driving the need to raise pricing? And then attached to that, how should people think about the flow through of the revenue you are going to generate from that higher price increase? Will that be reinvested in content? Or should we expect all of that to drop to the bottom line?
Reed Hastings: Rich, over the last couple of years, we have been improving the content selection on Netflix and broadening it, most recently with the addition of the amazing shows like House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black, and if we want to continue to expand to do more great original content, more series, more movies, we have to eventually increase prices a little bit. We are not doing much. We are doing $1 or $2, depending on the country and all the existing subscribers keep their current price. They don't get it increased. So therefore the revenue increase to Netflix will be quite modest in the short-term and eventually as new members come in, they pay a little bit more and with that we will be able to license much more content and deliver a very high quality video.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Reed, would you still think about tiering going forward? Or has this potentially removed that possibility over time?
Reed Hastings: No, that's definitely a possibility. We are continuing to look at that. So the big focus is on this increase and we want to get this done well and make sure we grandfather people cleanly and it is something we're definitely looking at.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: But you still believe that through a tiered structure over time, it's possible. What are the things that you could potentially tier on? Concurrent streams, standard def, high def, number of devices, content? How do you think about that?
Reed Hastings: Well, we have tiering now. We have two plans. We have the two stream at a time that's $7.99 and we have the four stream at a time which is $11.99. So we have tiering today, and it is definitely something we are thinking about in terms of expanding the options that consumers have. Some of that being on the criteria that you referred to.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Is the two-year, Reed, that you talked about in Ireland for grandfathering, is that what you deem generous as you think about how to properly support the current subscriber base that you have with the price increase? And how will you actually communicate the risk to a consumer of dropping out and then being tagged with a higher price, if they choose to come back?
Reed Hastings: Well, you are talking about $1 or $2 difference per month. So I don't think it's a huge difference, and then yes, the two years very generous. We will do between a year and two. We are still looking at what's come of that. So we will be able to announce more details later.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And David, how would you think about how you would reinvest the dollars from the price increase into additional content or allowing that to fall more down to the bottom line?
David Wells: Well, Doug, we said before that mostly it is going to be towards content. It is about improving our service and if you think about generous grandfathering, that is going to bleed in over time in terms of the average subscription price. It will take a while. I think it will be gradual. At the point where we reach 30% where we think it is coming up, we will look at the business and make the right long-term choices for both profitability as well as a long-term profitability, which you get from a very strong consumer offering, which means content as well.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: David. I think actually on the last conference call, Reed had talked about as you get to the 30% domestic contribution margin, it would get tougher to expand by 400 basis points a quarter. Does the price increase doing it now actually change that forecast? Is it easier to add 400 basis points to margins domestically in both 2015, 2016 and beyond?
David Wells: So adding revenue makes it, by nature, easier but what he is referring to is the fact that the numbers get larger, right. That margin is a percent of revenue. So as that number gets larger and larger it gets harder and harder to add 100 basis points or 400 year-on-year. So I don't think it changes anything in the calculus when we say that when we reach 30% we will look at the situation, we will look at the company and make the right smart long-term choices, including how much we put to content, how much we put in terms of streaming delivery and product, how much to marketing and then how much to profit.
Reed Hastings: And Ted, do you want to talk for a minute about the new content and some of the things, at least in general, that we will be able to do post the price increase?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I mean we are rapidly expanding our original production. We have several productions in running today all around the world and I think when you look at the size and scope and the ambition level of some of these projects, you will see that this is a great time for consumers because people who were never working in television before are thrilled to be working in television today and doing some of the best work of their life. At higher budgets, sure, but that's a good thing for everybody, including us because we are in the position to be able to bring that kind of production level to our store members.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: David, the comment about international profitability from existing markets expected by the end of the year. Is it fair to assume that the U.K. is profitable now with Latin America still experiencing losses?
David Wells: We didn't say anything specifically about individual markets. I think what we have said and we had reiterated that each market has gotten better. Both has been growing and has been improving in terms of a loss but we didn't give any specifics about it. We wanted to give that comment about our overall profitability of all of our existing markets to demonstrate that before we launch another substantial expansion that we are pretty confident in our existing performance in the markets we have today.
Reed Hastings: And Doug, I would add that we are very confident of our success in Latin America as well as the U.K. So we are making great progress in every country, which is giving us a big ambition for this next round of European expansion.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: A question for David on a follow-up. When you look at that $300 million to $400 million, I think that you kind of got hit by as you launched both the U.K. and Latin America, should we expect a similar type negative impact on profitability internationally as you get into markets like France and Germany?
David Wells: Well, we didn't give specific guidance, Rich, in terms of an actual number, but I would say that if you think about the U.K. and looking at our financials at the time we launched the U.K., that was a substantial market for us. If you look at what our financials would be today and into 2015, given the comment about our international profit, starting to be profitable starting in 2015, then you would have to assume that those investments will be of that size.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just moving over to profitability on the U.S. side. I think in the quarter, you saw about 460 basis points of year-over-year increase in contribution margin, David. Where do you feel like you generated the most upside here?
David Wells: You mean in terms of the year-on-year growth, Doug? Or are you talking about versus forecast?
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Versus the 400 basis points?
David Wells: Sure. Year-on-year growth really is about growing our members faster than we are growing our content spend. So I don't think there is any one particular leverage point other than a managed level of content growth. We continue to get more efficient across other parts of our business, but the content spend is the largest piece of that. So it's about managed growth.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: A question for Ted. When you look at House of Cards, I think you are getting a lot of focus on the fact that, you already even said before, that season two would have a bigger impact on your overall subscriber growth and net additions than season one because people have become comfortable with the show. When you look at what happened in Q1 did that actually bear itself? Or is there a way to actually show or tell that season two of House of Cards actually had a greater impact than season one?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I mean we are getting more sophisticated about how we measure it as well, Rich and I think that what we see is a hungry audience for season two versus a curious audience in season one. So in season one, Netflix subscribers had no idea what a Netflix original series would be like. So there was some curiosity, but certainly not a lot of excitement going in and then season two, there was a lot of pent-up demand. We saw a lot of very early front weighted viewing for the launch, which kind of told us that America was ready for more and dug in right away. And as we mentioned in the letter, we have been actually thrilled so far with the show from the early launch relative to how you would measure television on any show on basic cable or premium cable, and I only give you that information, by the way, to help you understand the class of viewing to think about a show like House of Cards.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And do you think are shows become more - are shows becoming more expensive, prompting you to need to raise pricing to afford the shows that you want to create, just because the cost of the individual episode is rising throughout the industry?
Ted Sarandos : Yes, it's partially, Rich. I think what's happening is that we are committing to larger budget shows not that the same show is more expensive to make year-on-year. We are looking at kind of shows that we are competing with. We are still only competing with kind of the top end of cable for those shows. So when I think about it like a sports team where the bidding gets quite high on a couple of key pieces of talent, but the overall salaries, they are kind of in check.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Ted, do you feel like you are seeing a similar dynamic play out as you head towards the second season of Orange as well here, in terms of the way the viewer base builds?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I mean we have said before, Orange Is the New Black has been our most-watched show. So we are pretty excited to see what an even bigger mob looks like when who is hungry for season two starting June 6.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And Ted, when you look at HBO, they had a big hit this last quarter with True Detective and I think it was a show that Netflix was bidding on and actually wanted and thought would work well for Netflix. Curious they still rolled it out on a week-by-week basis and seemed to build a lot of excitement and social media buzz around their releasing strategy. Do you ever look at kind of what is happening at HBO and say maybe there are other ways of doing things in the U.S. the way you even experimented with some doing it overseas?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, I mean we look at it all the time. I think that works well for them. I think this works well with us or for us. I think the promise for our members is that we are going to stay focused on what they like and what they like is to watch more than one at a time and we don't know the exact magic number of how many at a time, but giving people the option to watch as much as the entire season, I think works well and fits well with our brand promise. And by the way, it may be that in the future, we could roll out shows in different release models the way we did with the Turbo cartoons and like to your point, we are in other countries with other American, U.S. TV shows that we premiere outside of the U.S. like we will with Breaking Bad spin up, Better Call Saul, as we did recently with From Dusk till Dawn and we will with Fargo.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: A question for Ted and for David. Are you still on track when you stated double your investment in originals in 2014, but still keep it below the 10% of total content spending level?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, it had been in our previous and that's what is still trending.
David Wells: Yes, and this is David. I would say, Doug, that we sort of migrated away from the 10% number just because that number is going to grow. It is going to get bigger and bigger and bigger. But yes, it is still accurate to say that we have doubled year-on-year, but it still, as a percent of our overall content spend, is less than 10%.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: I guess this is a question for Reed, although it could - probably could be addressed to a few of you. When you think about the amount of money you are going to be investing in content in 2015, especially with the firepower you are going to get from the price increase, how do you think about your total addressable market in the U.S.? Is it starting to move towards higher levels than you had thought before just given the amount of content you are actually going to be producing?
Reed Hastings: Rich, about three years ago we identified the model, that we think in the fullness of time we can be two to three times larger than domestic HBO, linear HBO which would be 60 to 90 million subscribers in the U.S. and that model anticipated that as we got to 40, we would get better, as we get to 50 we would get better. So I would say all of those improvements in the model that we think of our built-in to our 60 to 90 million member projection for the domestic market and so we stand by that. Every year that we add another five or six million members, makes us feel a little bit more confident of getting into that range which is great. And then, with that we are able to add more content and continue to make the service better.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And just following up on that question, Reed can you comment on whether the recent subscriber growth performance is coming were from gross adds or from lower churn? And in particular, can you give us some more detail on what has been happening to churn in the U.S. over the past year?
Reed Hastings: I think most of the growth, Doug, is coming from member satisfaction. When members are really satisfied they tell their friends about the service and they retain better. So it is really driven from member side and when we have great shows coming and unique exclusive and things that make people so passionate about Netflix, then they are again more likely to tell their friends and more likely to stay. And so it's a mix of both of those things. But fundamentally, it's member satisfaction. Without member satisfaction, you can't get much growth and of course you don't have good retention. But with it, you get both aspects are very good. And that's what we have been really focused on. In the letter we talked about our advertising strategy evolving towards more emotive and brand and content and away from direct response and we realized through testing that we don't need to be running around saying Netflix free trial nearly as much. That's very commercial and reductionist. And that by focusing on the core elements of member satisfaction and the content that you get if you join Netflix we can get to a much bigger market share and a better connection with members and then when they come to our website and see that they get a free trial, they are doubly happy, but that's not the core reason to come to Netflix.
Ted Sarandos: If I could just elaborate on it going back to Rich's earlier question about satisfaction. The all-at-once model, for one thing, that sure generates is a lot of satisfaction. So if you are stuck in Washington DC and New York in the middle of a snowstorm and you want to spend the weekend watching House of Cards, it's something not only that brings people a lot of joy, it's something you can't do anywhere else. So that's why we invest in that model as well.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Reed, it sort of seems like you are looking at HBO where they never talk about, hey HBO is $15. They just talk about the value that HBO brings to the consumer from the content standpoint. Is that fair to think about?
Reed Hastings: Yes, I wouldn't say it's because of HBO. I think of it as you know, many great services talk about how they are great and then the pricing is fair and you have to pay to get the thing, but if you want to talk about the great aspect of the service and bring that to the fore that's generally great marketing and HBO is an example of that great marketing. But we are not trying to copy them specifically. We are learning and doing best practices as they have been doing for a while.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Reed, just another question, little bit related to the competitive landscape. Amazon has seen some strong growth recently in terms of Prime subscribers, saying that they are basically north of 20 million at this point, and also rolling out Fire TV. How is all that impacting Netflix and what are your thoughts on the recent Prime price increase and whether that has any impact to you?
Reed Hastings: Well, Prime is a great service. I am a Prime member and most Netflix employees are Prime numbers and it's coming across to most people in our society is, it is very complementary to Netflix. People look at them as multiple channels. You saw that Amazon included us on the Fire TV and of course we been before on the Kindle Fires and it's a great relationship all around where we have got unique content, they have got some unique content. They are also doing originals. There are multiple networks out there. It's a very much not a zero-sum game and we are building this ecosystem together that's about Internet video and the more players there are in Internet video, the bigger that ecosystem gets. In the big theme is Internet video is taking share away from linear video. So we are all participating in that transformation.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you look at net neutrality peering interconnection, Reed, you wrote a letter that basically made it sound like you thought that peering and interconnection was a direct net neutrality violation or at least violated the principles. FCC Chairman Wheeler said they are more cousins than they actually are the same thing. You had said, I think two calls ago, that you would not need to pay distribution, meaning ISPs for the amount of content you were serving. You reversed that this quarter. I guess, just kind of from an overall standpoint, can you just address what happened this quarter with Comcast and how you think about the future of the Internet?
Reed Hastings: Sure. The Internet is in constant evolution in terms of the relationships and interconnection that we see. So we did end up choosing to pay Comcast to improve the video quality that our members experience. We don't think we should have to, but in the short-term we felt like we had no choice. So we have got that deal in place. In addition, more lobbying for this idea that we think is very natural, which is interconnect as part of net neutrality, it's a stronger form of net neutrality and now we are in opposition to the Comcast, Time Warner merger because we are really concerned about what happens when the combined entity, if the merger were to go through, would have with over 60% of U.S. homes passed and eventually over 50% of U.S. homes subscribing to cable Internet and that's a worrisome factor. So we think it's more in the public interest to either not have them merge or if the government goes ahead with it, to at least put some significant merger agreements, settlements in there.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Reed, just as a follow-up, when you say that you had no choice, I am assuming that is coming from a member satisfaction perspective. Did you see a change in relation to churn or just overall member satisfaction in the Comcast footprint and then can you also talk about since that deal was signed and you are obviously seeing big pickups in speeds since then, but are you seeing the corresponding lift in member satisfaction as well?
Reed Hastings: Not that I know of. I don't think we have surveyed member satisfaction differentially between Comcast. I imagine it is very much true, but we had years of a good experience on Comcast broadband for our members and then it was only in the prior six months when it started declining rapidly. So it's a fairly short term thing. We are glad we have got that now fixed. I think it will just work out over time if we can get to no-fee interconnects not only for Netflix but for Cogent, for Level 3, for Akamai. We are going to have a bigger, stronger Internet if everyone can agree that that's a better model than say, retrans. It started off with a very small fee and then escalated into this blackout type model that has been a real problem for the industry and for consumers. So we are trying to avoid that by seeing if we can move everyone to no-fee interconnect.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: But I assume if we had, Reed, if we had Brian Roberts sitting on this panel, he would basically look at what you have just said and say, I spend billions of dollars to dig trenches to get the Internet, meaning to get Netflix, from your offices all the way out to consumers all across the country. If you are going to take up so much of that capacity and force me to actually spend even more money to reach that end consumer, that's not all going to be on me. You are going to have to pay for some of that. What's wrong with that, I guess, in terms of you sharing the burden and the reality is there's always been paying on the Internet whether it's been Level 3 or Cogent. It's not like the concept of peering and interconnection being paid peering is a new concept.
Reed Hastings: No, actually it is. So in the original days of the Internet, it was the opposite, which is the ISP paid Level 3 for interconnect and it's only the very large ISPs that now are able first to demand they are not paying and now to demand payment from the transits. So there's been a real shift in the last five years, but Brian Roberts is incredibly thoughtful. I mean I would say, if there is anyone that you wanted to trust with controlling half of the U.S. internet, you might pick Brian Roberts. He is very thoughtful, very long-term about it and very reasonable. But I don't know that we want anybody to control half of the U.S. internet and that's the real basis of our objection to the merger.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Reed, how do you think about the likelihood that you would potentially do similar interconnect deals with other providers, with telcos, for example?
Reed Hastings: Well, we have got peering agreements and interconnect agreements with probably 100 ISPs around the world, including many very large ones. So that's an ongoing, say that was only in the case of Comcast when it got to such a bad state and then recovered very quickly, thankfully, that it was so visible.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Then just a question for David, I guess tied to all of this. Could you give us any sense on how these deals are structured? Meaning, is there any way to think about what the cost of interconnection is going to be to Netflix from a provider like Comcast? Does it account for 4K? Or when you launch 4K, do you have to pay Comcast substantially more, et cetera?
David Wells: Well, Rich, we don't talk about the exact specifics of the deal, but as you might imagine, we have been thoughtful about what might be important down the road in the future, including those items that would be important for us to provide our consumers. Comcast and the interconnect fees that we might have to pay are a portion of the expenses that we borne including increased content as we have added more and more content. I would say its part of the pattern. Content continues to be our largest piece of expense on our P&L.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Reed just a follow-up there, when you think about the amount of bandwidth capacity that Netflix is utilizing as well as other just large Internet companies, is there a longer term capacity problem in the U.S., just in terms of bandwidth, especially as you push more towards 4K TVs?
Reed Hastings: Doug, you can think of it as Netflix is using this bandwidth, but I think it's more correct to think of it as consumers are paying for 20 megabit or a 50 megabit package from an ISP, and then they deserve to be able to use that speeds that they have paid for [AUDIO GAP]
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: -- and the importance of IPTV boxes to your business. We went to the Amazon Fire TV launch, and when we were using the box, we noticed that when you said something like --
David Wells: Sorry, I am being told that we are going to interrupt for a second. And just stand by, we may have had a blip here. So we are going to restart. So I will have to ask you to restart your question.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Okay tell me when.
David Wells: Sure thing. At least this time, we had a protocol for a restart here.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Did we lose the last question?
David Wells: Yes, I would assume that. Sorry, this is David Wells. Are we back live? Okay, great. This is David Wells and I apologize for the interruption. I am going to ask Rich Greenfield to repeat just the question he just asked. So, Rich please, repeat.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Hi, Reed, we attended the Amazon Fire TV launch recently and when we were using the device, we noticed that if you said the words Downtown Abbey, it immediately brought up all of the content that was available as part of your Amazon Prime subscription, but yet when you said something like House of Cards, it immediately did bring up the content. However, it was only for Amazon's paid service. You had to actually buy each individual episode and when we asked why it didn't actually direct you to the Netflix app which is a featured app, it said because they don't have access to your API unless you want them to have access to your API. And I guess that brings to the question of how do you think about how you work with an IPTV box like the Fire TV which is also a competitor in Amazon Prime for video?
Reed Hastings: Well, Amazon has been very straightforward about treating that platform as an open platform and we definitely want to be in voice search and we will be in voice search. We are just still working on the mechanics of it. So there's no fundamental issue. There's just some timing and scheduling things that came together. I wish we could have made the initial launch date, but it's definitely something that will come out this year.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: So you don't mind the overarching search being driven by Amazon's search versus your recommendation engine?
Reed Hastings: We have that capability also on different MVP docks, boxes, also on the Roku where there's an overall search for titles. So we recognize that. Now when you are in the Netflix app, you get a more custom tailored search experience with various suggestions, but it's up to us to continue to improve that and Amazon has been extremely straightforward and open about allowing us to use that voice search and that's something we are working on.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Reed, in your letter you mentioned MVPD integrations coming in the U.S. this quarter. Is it fair to assume that you will continue to maintain that billing and customer relationship going forward? Will they look like the initial MVPD set-top box deals that you have done in Europe?
Reed Hastings: Definitely, that's a way to start. It can also look like the Apple TV where that's billed through iTunes. I mean whether it's iTunes, PayPal or Virgin doing the billing, it doesn't make that much difference. So you will always have, as a consumer, multiple options and how that's integrated. As long as it's a separate line item on the bill, whatever the price of Netflix is in that territory.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And Reed, given the peering interconnection deal you signed with Comcast, is it fair to believe that at some point this year you will actually be on the X1 box, which I know is something that you have talked about wanting to be on?
Reed Hastings: Yes, we are definitely staying in the state of we want to be on it, but I don't have anything more to announce today.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Ted, just in terms of content, we get a lot of questions about House of Cards season three and what's going on in Maryland in terms of production and Reed is smiling now. Can you just give us a little more color in terms of the status there? Is there any concern here for Netflix customers or investors going forward around that third season?
Ted Sarandos: No. Keep in mind, the relationship is fairly complicated there, where you have the production company who receives the benefit of a tax incentive from the State of Maryland to keep the show in Maryland. There have been ongoing negotiations between MRC who produces the show for us and the State of Maryland. But I would anticipate that these are overcome-able issues and it's a very competitive world out there in terms of attracting production. The tax incentives in place for House of Cards in Maryland have resulted in hundreds and hundreds of jobs and not just for actors, but for carpenters and waitresses and hotel workers. The amount of hotel nights and meals that the production of a television series brings to a state is staggering. So I think this has been one of those really interesting kind of political volleyballs in Maryland, but Maryland has been really great to the show and we love being there and we are hoping that MRC and the state work that out. The investors and fans are not at risk in any way.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Ted, as a follow-up on content, have you started to see leverage from your international distribution footprint in terms of getting the rights to a series, meaning now that you are in X number of countries outside the U.S., is it becoming easier? Is that an advantage to actually buying series? Or is that still on the coming until you launch more major countries in Europe and Asia?
Ted Sarandos: It's helpful. That's where I think we will see a lot more meaningful measurement of it, as we expand more aggressively, but I think even seeing things like doing licensing North America together, you see it and we are premiering shows that premier on U.S. networks on Netflix around the world. Being a single buyer for multiple territories puts us in a unique class of buying. And we hope to realize some economic advantage of that, but also just then being able to coordinate a massive marketing relationship with the studios and networks that produce those shows that we can then take and be a one-stop for them in a world that's pretty fragmented today. So I think we could bring a lot of efficiencies as a global buyer. Just today the studios and networks aren't setup to be global sellers yet.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Ted, just following up on that. Do you want to move more toward owning original content directly, more end-to-end and the effect giving you sort of greater control over international rights distribution going forward? How do you think about that?
Ted Sarandos: Doug, I think we see it as what we wanted to do is we want to be able to make those decisions for how the content is exploited and the more ownership you have, the more likely you can do that, but you can also do that through negotiations in very long-term license deals as well. So I don't have any religion around ownership versus licensing as long as we get that suite of rights that we are looking for and you will see us going forward doing a mix of both because once you decide you only get new programming that you own, I think that you forgo a lot of great programming. I think we have actually seen that in the kind of weakening of the programming on networks today that lean more to like almost 85% ownership that the quality of the programming suffers for it. We want to put the quality of the programming first and then set deals second. But all along, what we want to do is be able to have much more control over the way the content is exploited on and off of Netflix.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And Ted, are deals that you are not getting purely based on price? Meaning, you just don't have enough dollars that you can allocate to original programming and so you couldn't bid to win something like True Detective? Or are there still shows that want to be on one of the existing linear traditional television net outlets?
Ted Sarandos: No, I would say that a lot of the programing that we are seeing premier are shows that have passed through these doors and it's not that we couldn't afford them. It's just that relative to what we believe the audience is, the deal didn't make sense. So you either want to make a deal at the price that you want or one that you will be happy to see your competitor pay. So a lot of that is at play. But I don't think there was any, we would rather by on one versus the other, I think the Netflix is a number one or number two spot destination for these shows almost across the board these days. We are very proud of that and happy with that.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And Ted, where do you stand with rights to recent originals like House of Cards and Orange in international markets? Would you launch in certain markets, for example, France and Germany if you did not have all your original content there?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, sure we would, because we are going to have a lot of new original shows that will launch between now and then. And we will also have shows that we are premiering in France and Germany and other markets around Europe that we won't necessarily have in the United States. It's like we talked about earlier with Dusk till Dawn, the Breaking Bad spin-off, Better Call Saul as examples. So there's a lot of ways that the original offering may be slightly different outside of the U.S. in multiple territories and some of those original shows as we launch in other territories around Europe and around the world. We will go back and renegotiate and pull some of those rights back.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Maybe that's a good segue to talk about international. Reed, when you look at international markets, a lot has been made of France and Germany being the next two markets that Netflix targets. I guess, as you think about those markets, how do you think about the competitive landscape in continental Europe as well as the appetite for U.S. content relative to where you have launched previously, which are generally more English speaking markets?
Reed Hastings: Well, we have seen tremendous success in the Netherlands, where we launched six months ago, and that, I think, encourages us about being able to figure out the right programming formula in each nation. We have had success in Argentina. We have had success in Mexico, in the U.K. and in the Nordics and now Netherlands. We are going to get into a broad set of markets. We are going to learn as we go. If we are very fortunate, we will have programmed it completely correctly from day one. More likely we will figure out some stuff's working, some stuff's not. We will adjust the formula, but what we have become really convinced about is around the world, people want the convenience of Internet on-demand video and that that really is a very big and broad need. So we are stepping up on the international expansion and we are just going to be pushing ahead market-by-market.
Ted Sarandos: And keep in mind, our original shows like House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black have become enormous successes in all of those territories. In France, as an example, the most popular television show in France is The Mentalist from CBS. So I don't think that there's some unique hindrance because it's not a primarily English speaking territory for Netflix.
David Wells: Yes, Ted, this is David. I was going to make the same point in terms of Brazil being a very non-English speaking market and lots of demand for Western or Hollywood produced content. So Doug and Rich, I think we have got time for one question from each of you.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: All right, one more each. Pressure is on. In your letter Reed, when you are talking about the 2Q guidance or the outlook there, you basically talk about, you use the words even in a year with full-year growth in terms of subscribers. So I guess, what gives you that confidence this year in 2014 that you can deliver more net adds than you did in 2013?
Reed Hastings: Well, we always hope to grow net adds both on a year-over-year basis and quarter-over-quarter. We are making good progress on that, but I don't think that we have specific guidance. We don't have specific guidance for the year. So what we are saying there is really a mathematical point, which is even in a year where you are up year-over-year, you can have Q2 be down year-over-year because of the increased seasonality. So you wouldn't want to interpret that or misinterpret it as a backhanded way of sliding in full-year guidance. We are just sticking with our quarterly guidance model at this point and things are looking good.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Reed, when you think about international expansion, one of the things that I think a lot of investors have emailed us about is pay TV penetration and obviously you are a broadband, or your service rides on broadband, but a lot of people look at the relative pay TV penetrations in several of these overseas markets. Do you look at that as a key driver of where you decide to launch? Or is it all about broadband penetration, meaning what are the key things you are looking at to figure out where to launch next and what the total addressable market is in each of these countries?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we are going to turn out to see that the total addressable market over time are human beings that enjoy TV shows and movies, because everybody is going to be on the internet. In terms of pay TV penetration, its relative low in the U.K., about 60% and we have been very successful there. So when we look at that, we just see there is an unmet need and whether something is a relatively small broadband, or sorry small pay TV penetration or already large like Canada at 90%, we have been successful in both of those kinds of markets. Again it comes back to the fundamentals of people wanting to have the convenience and simplicity that the internet enables, whether that's on a smartphone, on a tablet or a smart TV. So that's what's making us optimistic about the long-term in international. Each quarter, we will have some real work to do to figure things out, but I think we are going to find that it's a very big opportunity. Go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Are you seeing wireless become a bigger part of your story in terms of actual time spent watching, especially overseas?
Reed Hastings: There is a funny dichotomy. So there is a good amount of watching on a mobile phone, but unusually when it's on Wi-Fi, because of the data caps. So wireless plan, cellular plans generally have data caps between two and five gigabytes, which you can use up pretty quickly and consumers are very aware of whether they are on Wi-Fi or not, and so they are using their mobile phones and tablets, but mostly on Wi-Fi rather than on cellular. Now if with 4G, we see more competition and lowering prices and eventually uncapped plans as they try to compete with wired, then we could see more of that but right now, that's not what we are seeing in wireless. Go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: I was going to say, so if the FCC seems focused on encouraging intermodal competition, if Sprint and TMO were to actually merge, that could actually create more competition for Comcast and be good for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: It's a long way till 4G. They first have to be competitive with Verizon and AT&T Wireless and that's quite a challenge that they are focused on. So I am afraid that that, as a realistic alternative, is very speculative at this point that they would be able to compete for residential broadband with cable. So at this point, cable is the dominant technology. So with that, let me thank you guys for being on and interviewing us. David, did you want to close?
David Wells: No, I was just giving you the heads up that we are out of time. So please conclude comments and go ahead.
Reed Hastings: Great. Okay. Thank you everyone. With that, we will sign off.
David Wells: Thank you.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Kasenchak - Director, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chief Executive Officer David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer 
Analysts: Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan  
Erin Kasenchak: Good afternoon. I am Erin Kasenchak, Director of Investor Relations at Netflix. And I would like to welcome you to our Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Interview. During todays discussion, we may make forward-looking statements about the companys performance and actual results may differ. Joining me today is Reed Hastings, our CEO; David Wells, CFO; Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer and helping to facilitate is Rich Greenfield of BTIG Research and Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. Let me turn it over to Doug for first question. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Okay, thanks Erin. Thanks everybody for being here with us today. So the first question I wanted to ask about the fourth quarter and guidance, you guided to 2.25 million subs for 1Q and thats 11% above 1Q 13 net adds, you noted that you are in the middle of the S curve. Can you give us some color on the seasonal trajectory of 1Q? What percentage of your subs typically come in very early in the quarter? And also can you talk about your conviction in 14 in delivering more U.S. net adds than you did in 13? 
Reed Hastings: Sure, Doug. Its Reed here. The seasonal pattern is the same as it typically is or at least it is the same seasonal pattern so far in the quarter, which is its relatively front-loaded compared to other quarters. And then your second question was on conviction of net adds for all of 2014. And we havent given guidance for the year, we try to avoid that. So I will just say its a great start for the year and then that pretends very well for us and we are excited about whats unfolding. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you wrote your last quarterly letter, Reed, you talked about the  what kind of the stock price volatility you referenced you would actually broke it out in the letter, you said some of the deals like the euphoria back from 2003, your stock I think that evening was at $354 a share. That section was removed from the quarterly letter this quarter. I think your stock right now was trading at about $393, curious is the euphoria now gone given your business conditions or do you still feel like there is euphoria built into the stock? 
Reed Hastings: Well at least, I was clearly right about the volatility, Rich. I mean, we have been all over the math here. And I think we will just stay focused on doing the best we can on improving the service, growing the membership and I dont know thats I think, I have any differential insight into the right price of the stocks. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: In your long-term view, you asked about  you talked about apps replacing channels, screens proliferating, just wanted to ask you more specifically on the last point here, we frequently ask about mobile. Sometimes, I feel like you may downplay it a little bit in terms of impact, because this user base continues to grow and the viewing takes place across more screens, whats your current thinking on how material mobile is to your business now and going forward? 
Reed Hastings: Well, its continuing to grow tablets in particular, phones some, but so much of our viewing is on smart TVs or TVs connected to a Blu-ray player or a game console. For a lot of our entertainment, we are really pretty large screen centric. And so we are less driven by mobile trends than say a music service would be. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Do you feel like that difference at all for newer subscribers? 
Reed Hastings: Its a little different in younger subscribers, but again, we are not trying to be any one screen. So we were great on a tablet both Android and iOS and we were great on the TV. And so we are not trying to pick and choose. And in fact in any time period say a month many subscribers will use us on multiple screens, so watch some on the smart TV, some on their laptop and some on the tablet. And thats fine for us. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Thats even true of watching a specific show you may started on one device and ended on another. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: David, you talked about wanting to have increased transparency for the reason for shifting to a single point estimate for guidance. Is there also a part of that thats driven by better visibility in Q1 now? 
David Wells: I dont think it was related, the timings are related to the quarter that we sort of made the shift. I think for you guys, you are always trying to figure out if our guidance ranges also include modest conservatism on top of an internal forecast and I think for us it was an attempt to just remove that one marginal layer. You already had the midpoint of our ranges. We wanted to simplify our message and the transparency of our guidance and just moving to our straight internal forecast does that.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And two quarters ago. Sorry go ahead. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Sorry Rich. David would you agree we had the same visibility we have every Q1 at this period? There is nothing special about this Q1? 
David Wells: Yes that was the intent of my first statement which is there is nothing special about this quarter. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: But there is something special about this quarter that you highlighted a couple of years ago which is the Olympics and there is a Winter Olympics and curious to what extent having the Olympics impacts your guidance and whether you can read through anything towards the World Cup this summer and maybe just one other factor to throw in there as well, you got Season 2 of House of Cards, is that playing into the increased confidence in Q1 as well? 
David Wells: I will take the craft [ph] and then I will go to Reed. I would say Rich that you correctly articulated that that there is factors on both sides. The Olympics for us are generally are negative because people are focused on watching something else rather than signing up for Netflix. We feel like the social [ph] games are small factor in that and might be disproportionate in sort of the territories that are really excited about the Winter Olympics. The U.S. is excited generally, watches it but it's not a large factor and then House of Cards will be on the other side of that which will be a positive. So our guidance numbers reflect all of those pluses and minus but again there is nothing particularly special about this quarter. You have articulated one or two swing factors, every quarter we usually have one or two swing factors in terms of influencing our guide. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And I know it will be in the filing soon, but if you could give us an update on off balance sheet obligation talk about the U.S. and international businesses. 
David Wells: Sure Doug. So usually when people are asking this or asking about that content obligations or the overall obligations filed in our financials and those rose from 6.5 to 7.3. There is a little bit of rounding. So it was a 700 million increase largely driven by some of the deals that youve already heard about and we have announced. So the Marvel deal and some of the originals, the Universal deal and the Sony deal that we have done in terms of extending some existing deals. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And then maybe another balance sheet question to stay on this topic. Can you provide some background as to what content assets or prepaid content assets were rolled into other current assets during the most recent quarters presentation of the balance sheet? 
David Wells: Sure because it has gotten so small that it's immaterial in terms of those changes. So our team felt like it was not needed to break it out anymore but there wasnt anything more than that. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And perhaps just lastly in terms of 1Q. A strong guide here but looks like the EPS is perhaps a little bit lighter for 1Q. Can you just talk a little bit more about where youre expecting to be incremental spending to come in, in the quarter? 
David Wells: Well Im not sure about the EPS being a little bit lighter. I mean our DVD business does see a decrease in profitability because of increased usage and a sort of continued small decline of the subscriber base. Our international is going to see a pretty good improvement, you see not in our guide. We will see a step-up a little bit in our G&A cost as those are reflected in sort of mark to market employee compensation but those would be the big factors involved in that but I dont think it is material sort of step change. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Can we move over to pricing? When you look at your long term view statement you actually removed the phrase I believe at some point over the last several months simplicity is at our core and there seems to be a change in your philosophy surrounding pricing and I think review it for a long time talked about the importance of keeping it simple with one price point Wondering whats changed and how does that now play into the various tiers of Netflix that youre now testing and playing with? 
Reed Hastings: It's an interesting story, a friend of mine I was preaching about simplicity and a friend of mine pointed out that the simplest iPhone would have no applications but it wouldnt be a better iPhone. In fact that was the iPhone I, had no App Store and that in fact great product is a combination of functionality and ease of use and that simplicity wasnt always the best choice and so it's through the conversations over the last year I think Ive shifted away from simplicity to an end goal to simplicity as an input towards ease of use and towards matching functionality that people want and so we have slightly are more focused on best functionality independent of it's simplicity and of course try to make it as easy to use and we try to make our pricing as straightforward as possible, but its not clear that one price fits all. We added the four-screen program almost a year ago back in April of last year and thats met our expectations in terms of the family take rate. So I think we are justified we are willing to take a slightly richer offering and realizing that thats might be better for consumers and for us. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Reed, can you also comment on the $6.99 plan who you are targeting with that offering? And does it say anything in your view in terms of penetration and maturity in the U.S.? 
Reed Hastings: We are testing lots of things. Some of its been reported on, some of its not. One of the things this is $6.99 one stream. I dont think you should read too much into that other than we are probing around the edges. There is no definite plan to do that. I would say generally as we put in the letter, we are trying to figure out some models of good, better, best price tiering that makes sense and provide some flexibility for our customers at least for our new customers, our existing customers of course we would grandfather very generously. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you look at the $6.99 plan, why does somebody who is willing to spend $7.99, why does a dollar make a difference, I mean do you really think that there is that much impact from that $1? 
Reed Hastings: Well, Rich of course at your income level, not to be too personal, it doesnt. But and going from 33 million U.S. members who hopefully more than twice that, every bit of savings is important to people. And so we definitely look at those kind of factors, but again, I wouldnt read too much into the $6.99 other than we are testing some things. And we are continuing to try to figure out how to evolve to a good, better, best plan that makes sense to consumers and feels fair. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Any early elasticity learnings though you can talk to directly? 
Reed Hastings: No. Once we figure out what we think the best plan and we will talk about that and why we think it is, but we are not specifically taking a part at each option that we are testing. 
David Wells: The only thing I would add, this is David  the only thing I would add on that conversation is just its not only the question of elasticity and sort of income levels, but in pricing period, there is also a sense that consumers make choices around heuristics. And so a dollar rich might not sound like a lot on a logical basis, but consumers may have shortcuts that they make, they take the middle or the upper or the low and so that factors into the right course as well. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And then if we think about it on the other extreme, there is likely a large percentage of subscribers that would perhaps pay dramatically more for Netflix service that had even more content on it. How does the company address how they might reach that subset of members without risking the growth at lower prices? 
Reed Hastings: Yes. Its unlikely for us to be able to do that, Doug, because if we license the content, its almost always exclusive, because the other licensors dont want us to have it in addition to that. So we have to pay the full not of getting an exclusive license and so then thats tricky to say also buildup $30 a month program thats they have all the new releases or something like that. So I think we will stick at what we are doing now and just continue to do it a little better year after year after year. And thats worked pretty well for us over the last eight quarters. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: You referenced before the iPod or the iPhone, when you think about ways to tier obviously there is things like WiFi or Mini and not Mini for an iPad and iPhone, are there more ways to tier for Netflix than simultaneous streams and SD-HD what other things should we be thinking about? 
Reed Hastings: Well, Ill let you know when we figure out what works best in our testing and research with consumers, but sure there is a dozen type of things that you could tier on in principle, but the trick is not having too many factors, keeping it understandable and then really that it feels fair and resonates with consumers. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Last week, HBO commented that shared passwords are not a big issue for HBO Go, because those users eventually will have enough money to subscribe on their own. Whats your view around shared passwords? 
Reed Hastings: That was an interesting comment I suppose. So, I guess Plepler is the CEO of HBO, doesnt mind me then sharing his account information. So, its plepler@hbo.com and his password is Netflix.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you think about advertising I think that there is a lot of people who now believe investors that believe that your services has gotten to the point where it's sticky enough but people would tolerate preroll ads such as when they go to the movie theater and they are forced to tolerate several minutes of preroll ads. Is that something that you would ever envision doing? 
Reed Hastings: We have no play on to go towards advertising based models. Our grand at least over the next couple of years and at this point really stands for that commercial free experience that we have where the consumer is in control of the experience. They get to watch when they want, they get to pause it when they want. They can play it when they want, watch it how and where they want. So it's fundamental to that control orientation that we dont cram advertisements on peoples throats. So I really dont see that. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Do your contracts even allow it though? 
Reed Hastings: At a certain price anything is allowable but Im sure Ted could talk of it, it would take a lot more money but it's not something were contemplating. 
Ted Sarandos: Yeah it tends to be a separate set of rights and to your point we have got a go to grade extremes [ph] to give consumers control of the content you know going all the way to the extreme of putting the entire season out at one time so the notion of frustrating for the first or the last couple of minutes seems a little out of step at that. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: I will shift gears and talk about net neutrality a little bit. What is the impact of the net neutrality rolling last week and what is your expectation for how the ISPs little act in the near term? 
Ted Sarandos: Well as we put in letter Doug there are some draconian scenarios where some ISPs block Netflix but we think it's very unlikely and the most likely scenario at least in the near term is that there is no real change and the reason is if ISP especially major ISPs were to contemplate blocking Netflix or other services it will significantly fuel the fire for more regulation which is not something they are interested in. So the long term we still need to figure out what it means and how that works out but I think in short term it's very likely that there is no change. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: You lobbied pretty hard though against the court overturning the net neutrality rules. Verizon obviously lobbied very hard to have the rules overturned, I guess there is a lot of investments who fear that this is kind of a zero sum game and even if there isn't a notable attack from Verizon or other ISPs I think the fear is it's a little bit like boiling a frog. Does this turn it up and tweak it little bit each year just to disadvantage you versus themselves. So it may not be overly noticeable, how much of an issue is little bits of bad behavior? 
Reed Hastings: Well it's a legitimate fear I suppose but we operate in 41 countries that have quite of a variety of states of net neutrality and we never had a significant problem to-date, it doesnt mean we won't or we haven't to-date and I think what it is ISPs have a very profitable business and they want to expand that business and part of delivering and expanding for consumers is having a good Netflix experience and good YouTube experience, things like that, thats why people get higher speed broadband. And so I think actually our economic interests are pretty coaligned which is how it's worked so far. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And can you comment on Open Connect and does it mitigate some of the impact here and perhaps can you talk about how deeply penetrated youre now with Open Connect? 
Reed Hastings: Sure Open Connect is a pretty independent issue. We could be delivering through Akamai and an ISP could block Netflix vid, so they are really not closely associated other than they are both on vid delivery. And then Open Connect is making great progress. Were continuing to work with more and more ISPs, higher percentage of the traffic but think of that as a cost savings and improvement as opposed to say fundamental to these net neutrality issues. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Youre already at 30% of peak downstream bandwidth if you listened to the Sandvine studies. I was I think when we were looking at the fourth quarter statement it showed I think 16 megs was their stream necessary for a 4k stream and kind of your eyes pop-out when you see the amounts of data that a 4k stream call it a two hour movie if we think about streaming all of Breaking Bad over the course of the next few weeks given how many seasons you have. How does 4k going to impact the net neutrality debate? Just given how much data, I assume that 30% surges be you will have 4k content before a lot of others. So your 30% would really surge over the next couple of years? 
Reed Hastings: If you are on the cost side than ISP, then you may be affected by that and think about that, but if you are on the revenue side, you are celebrating, because now there is a real need to get a 40 or 50 megabit plan. So you could support two streams and you have got something to get people to upgrade to the faster plans. And so as long as the fast plans are priced appropriately for the ISP, its a great interplay. For 20 years, we saw PCs get faster, applications get richer, which was a reason to get faster PCs, which then enabled richer applications. And that ecosystem really grew. Now of course in the short-term, there is not many people who own a 4K TV. So the 4K is going to come about as a percentage of all viewing fairly slowly, because you got to get a 4K TV and then only a percentage of our content is available in 4K. So there is no tidal wave coming in the next 18 months. But it is a great way to work with ISPs so that their higher speed plans have more merit in the consumer size. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Great. Lets shift gears and move over to international, you talked about a more expensive European rollout coming in 2014. There is clearly a lot of speculation on you entering France and Germany in particular. But can you talk a little bit about maybe those countries specifically the over the top players they are currently state of broadband and the interest in U.S. content there? 
Reed Hastings: Yes. We havent been specific about what country or countries we are going to expand to. So there is a number of players in all the major markets and then the smaller markets. They are all doing good work. I think what we have seen with our success in the UK is that there can be very strong players like the BBC iPlayer, (indiscernible) and Sky. And we can still build a very successful business. And so I think the key is having unique content, a great reputation, a good value proposition and we can succeed and in many cases, that competitors can also. So we mostly focus on finding good markets that love content and that will steadily expand in Europe. 
David Wells: And to your second part of your question, the appetite for U.S. content around the world still remains very, very high throughout Europe, particularly. And you think and there are some pockets of the world where local content is now outpacing U.S. programming on the movie side, but that doesnt really  is that necessarily a reflection of the desire for the content itself as much as it is to specific distribution models in those countries. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: So you think content like House of Cards or Breaking Bad, those series work well in or would work well in markets like France or Germany specifically. 
Reed Hastings: House of Cards and Orange is the New Black is a hit for us in every territory I preyed in and is a hit for others in territories where we dont today. So it travels incredibly well those shows too. And Breaking Bad is an enormous show for us in every one of our territories. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And just because you brought it up when you have sold shows like Orange is the New Black into France, because you werent there yet. What happens when you launch in those markets? Do those write back to you if you chose to launch in France or are you added to market with some of your key originals to the length of the series? 
Reed Hastings: It depends. There is multiple windows and we will continue to have those negotiations as we get close to those launches. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Can you give us some color on how international subs breakout by market? Have you crossed the 2 million sub number in the UK? And then perhaps also a comment on profitability in the UK and Canada if you are there yet or how far away? 
David Wells: We really dont breakout by country for competitive reasons either the profitability or the number of subs. We have said in the past in there or probably two years ago that Canada broke even within two years, but beyond that, we are really treating international as the segment again for competitive reasons. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: You might have ended up. 
David Wells: Sorry Rich. Doug, this is David. I would just say that for those that have been following us for a while. I mean, we have been making consistent statements about improvements in every market. So we have given some color in terms of if you have tracked the history from launch, where we might be along the way and you should get some confidence that there is improvements in every market we made that comment in several quarters. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: So there is no way to read into the UK since you havent broken or since you are not giving any detail. We shouldnt assume that, that market has not broken even already, because you are just no longer ever going to comment on individual market profitability outside of Canada?
David Wells: Were going to think about it which is you dont really care if were profitable in London but not in England, but not in Scotland or vice a versa. In other words what we care about is the total P&L and much of the licensing is either when we think of originals you know were really multi-territory. So what were managing to is the overall P&L and then with international you can see just incredible progress we have made over this last year in terms of lowering the, improving essentially the contribution margin and we will continue to make progress on that. So were making good progress there. 
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Can you talk about the sort of early returns on the set top box integrations in Europe particular through the middle partnerships? How those are working so far? If you could comment a little bit on the economics and then also what you think the potential is for future deals that are similar going forward? 
David Wells: Sure Doug, Im not going to comment on the economics but our big first one was with Virgin. Virgin has always been an innovator in the UK market. They are really strong cable company. Lots of fiber, they have done lots of investment to have some of the highest speed broadbands in Europe and in the world. Were thrilled to be working with them, it's on the TiVo platform. It's been a really great reception. It's just very convenient for people use Netflix right on the same input and the same device that they are used to using it on and of course we have had several years of history of working with TiVo so the application works very well. So were excited by that, were open to doing more. Were definitely talking to a lots of people throughout the world and I think what an MVPD sees is that people are going to use Netflix anyway and I as an MVPD would rather have the music on my remote control in my box than get used to the Smart TV, the Apple TV, the Roku. So they see that these things are going to exist anyway so they might as well have Netflix right on their box integrated, better consumer experience and the consumer stays within my remote control say if Im an MVPD. So I think it's a win-win all around and we will see it start to expand. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you look at the MVPD you know the cable companies that I cover and look at it seems like a no brainer, this is clearly positive for them. It simplifies the user experience which is what everybody is looking for but a big piece of this is the programmer and the programmers try to differentiate where they make content available and the more of that I can easily choose watching Netflix in the evening, easier and easier versus watching CBSs new programming in the evening. That would seem like a meaningful threat if I were an executive at one of these big content programmers in the U.S. How do you address that? 
Ted Sarandos: It's a stroke of the remote control Rich. So the idea that like Reed said most of those viewers are doing it now and they are exiting the cable eco-system to do it which I think is much more disruptive than the idea of giving ease of use to the consumers switch back and forth but yet stay within their eco-system. So right now I think when you look at the numbers of a cable show people are tuning on a Sunday night often the number, a single show on Netflix could dwarf that number. So I think it's already being kind of changed in that way and the way people get there. I think it's in everyones best interest to keep in mind consumer convenience. So staying within the eco-system with an easy push of the button, I think it's great for everybody. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: So you talked a lot about personalized merchandising and these two [ph] to back it up as well. Can you talk a little bit about how much better your predictability algorithms are becoming, can you quantify the improvement over the past year and how much room there is to go? What this means for the business going forward? 
Reed Hastings: Well if you think talk about how much better has Google search gotten over the last 10 years? It's pretty hard to quantify. Would you say it's twice as good, three times as good? It certainly is a lot better and I think it's like that for us which is it's tremendously better than 2  3 years ago. It's continuing to get better. We can measure it in the narrow when we do an A/B tests. So everything we will have several tests running, we will figure out which style [ph] actually works better for consumers. But then that means to an accumulation of improvement and then it's anybodys guess if in total thats twice as good or three times as good as a couple of years ago, but its continuing to improve where our guys are coming up with new ideas all the time about how to improve it. So that the effect of it is that when you turn on Netflix on your tablet or on your TV that shows on the initial screen are almost always like three of them, you are like oh, I want to watch that. Thats what we are looking for is that sense that you turn on Netflix and there is just already, you got a couple of shows right away that you want to watch. 
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: With net adds accelerating year-over-year, how do you  despite the size of your subscriber base, how do you think about the total addressable market in the U.S.? Are you starting to rethink what the upper boundary is or I may use to put a pretty wide range on it? Are you getting more comfortable with the upper end of the range and I guess just to frame that a little bit larger, when you look at you versus

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Kasenchak - Director of Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer, Vice President - Content
Analysts: Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan
Operator: Good afternoon. I am Erin Kasenchak, Director of Investor Relations at Netflix. I would like to welcome you all to our third quarter 2013 earnings interview. During today's discussion, we may make forward-looking statements and our actual results may vary from those statements. With me today, is Reed Hastings, our CEO, David Wells, CFO, Ted Sarandos, Chief Content Officer and helping to facilitate our discussion is Rich Greenfield of BTIG Research and Doug Anmuth at JPMorgan. Let me now turn it over to Rich for our first question.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Thanks, Erin and thanks, everyone from Netflix for being here. We are going to switch questions tonight between me and Doug. I think the first question, though, really for Reed is, when you look at the investor statement, your stock is up a lot, year-to-date and you actually make a comment about the fact that it is a little bit of a sense of euphoria like there was in 2003. Normally, you have always said that you leave it for Wall Street to determine what happens to your stock. Why did you make the comment this time about your stock and specifically about euphoria?
Reed Hastings: Well, Rich, every time I read a story about Netflix is the highest appreciating stock in the S&P 500. It worries me, because that was the exact headline that we used to see in 2003. You can definitely, we have a sense of momentum investors driving the stock price more than we might normally. There is not a lot we can do about it but I wanted to honestly reflect upon that.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Go ahead, Doug.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Great. So our next question, we are going ask you a couple about 3Q in particular. So, Reed, can you help us understand what kind of impact you think Orange Is the New Black had on subscribers and in 3Q you pointed out pretty early, obviously, in the letter, and maybe if you could compare to some of the initial impact that you have seen from other originals this year?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think Orange was a great success for us but we don't have a way of separating out, is that why we did well, you know where the top half of our U.S. guidance or how material it was. It was also our overall content improvement. There was the general brand improvement. Then remember we have a soft comp from last year. So being up, year-over-year is not as tough this quarter or in Q3. So it definitely helped. We are thrilled about it. But there is no clean analysis and we are not particularly trying to - we are trying to do more great content like Orange, but we don't need to know, was it 2% or 5% or 10% of our sub-goal.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And from the standpoint of the Chromecast, you announced an offer during the quarter where Google, I believe, was funding some of the subscriber acquisitions for Netflix. Was it a material - you didn't really make a lot of comment about it in the press release. Just curious, how significant that was and how do we think about those type of offers going forward? 
Reed Hastings: Well, we would like to see more of those types of offers. They work particularly well for consumer electronics companies, selling smart TVs and other things. But it's pretty small today and it was not material on the Chromecast, because most of those three months went to existing subscribers. If you think about the kind of person who orders a Chromecast in the first three days, you are pretty into technology and gear and most of those people were already Netflix subscribers, so it was a nice way to get a jumpstart for Chromecast. We are very excited about the in the long-term, but it was not in this instance material to the membership growth.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just a quick follow-up on Chromecast, can you help us understand how the economics work there?
Reed Hastings: Dave, what did we said so far?
David Wells: Yes. Doug, it's no different than other devices. So, we don't talk about the very specifics of all our deals, but it's no different than the economics of other devices that we have had out there.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: In the statement, you make a comment about Latin America, that you had a significant number of what you would call low quality promotions in the market. It looks like if you are doing the math right, that it added somewhere around the [$200,000] to $400,000 if you compare the growth in total numbers versus the paid numbers, you lose a few hundred thousand plus subscribers. Just wondering why did you do the low quality promotions? What was going on there? Give us some background.
David Wells: This is David, I will probably take that one, Rich. It's not that we did low quality promotions. It's that we are continuing to optimize and hone our payments in Latin America. It's something that we had been challenged with. We were first in the market and we optimized how much we are validating upfront in terms of methods of payment both, on direct debit card and on credit card and you can make choices to let in a number of subscribers that you think might be a high percentage of fraud, in which case you have got a lot of people in the free trials that aren't become paid subscribers. You crank down on that and you run the risk of blocking a few people that are going to be paid subscribers, so you are always optimizing between the two, so our statements were more about the continual optimization and the fact that in September we had a fair number of folks, say, less than 20% in our Latin American free trials that were - we were in a state, where we didn't think that we are going to matriculate to a paid subscriber.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Just one more related to 3Q in particular for you David. Can you help us understand the breakdown in the amortization cost and the library between domestic and international?
David Wells: Sure. I mean, you have got some that in our cost-to-revenue breakout in our financial statements, but if you are referring to the change in the amortization, the $27 million in additional amortization, $20 million was domestic and $7 million was international
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Moving on to Q4, now when you think about Q4, you are looking for a notable improvement in Q4 profitability internationally in terms of streaming. You didn't really give much background in terms of what was driving that. Is it just that purely a subscriber growth in no new market launches or is there is more to why international profitability is starting to really improve?
Reed Hastings: You have got right synopsis of it, Rich, which is about growing the revenue and we don't have a new launch country, so on the natural, on a sequential basis, you would see it steadily improve absent additional launches.
David Wells: The only thing I would add to that, Reed, this is David, is that with more and more markets, if you have got a small improvement in each one of those additional markets, it's just the nature of having multiple markets that when you stack them all together you see a total that actually improves sequentially. That's a little bit of easy math there, but it is part of that picture.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Reed, just a question on 4Q and the outlook in particular, you talked about in 3Q having the easier comp from the summer Olympics. Why not expect 4Q U.S. streaming net adds to be above the 4Q '12 levels given the way content has improved over the past year.
Reed Hastings: Well, that's where I started our internal forecast discussions, because you know we have had three quarters where we have been above past year, so it makes sense that you know we would all think that but it really does turn out that in Q1 we were ahead of year ago because of our subscriber redefinition we did in the prior quarter. In Q2, with a launch of Arrested, which is the only franchise that already had a big market upfront, and then Q3 we have the soft comp, so that's why we will be quite pleased with steady year-over-year out for Q4 and that's a underlying belief system and that's what we are tracking too also in the first three weeks of the quarter.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And when you look at that, we move on category wise in domestic streaming, when you think about your comments about margin improvement, I think on the last few calls you have talked about 100 basis points, you shifted 100 basis points to 400 basis points year-over-year for each quarter and you said that that was really [contingent] upon your ability to continue to grow subscribers domestically at the same rate that you have been. When you look that you seem pretty good confident in your ability to keep that going, going forward, should we take that to mean that you think that you can continue to add 7-ish million subscribers in 2014 and beyond? Or does margin improvement have to slow as you move into '14 or '15?
Reed Hastings: Well on this calendar year it's about 6 million domestic net additions, not seven, but if we are able to continue six next year then we believe we can keep the margin continuing to grow. So that's what that says is that, we really need that 6 million next year consistent with this year and then the margin can continue to grow the 400 basis points quarter-over-prior year quarter. Does that answer your question?
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Yes.
David Wells: And Rich, this is David. I would add to that that we are also growing content expense. So the growth that we were talking about allows us to expand margin and also grow our context expense.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: When you think about domestic streaming and, for Reed in particular, you have talked about 60 to 90 million U.S. subscribers potentially at some point. Do you think about either the quality of content or the technology as being the bigger inhibitor toward reaching this goal overtime?
Reed Hastings: We have that same debate internally and the metaphor I use is that it looks like a plane with two big engines and you want both engines working as fast as you can. You don't really know which one is contributing what but we want to have the most incredible technology that we can in terms of on-demand, the personalization and that makes a fundamental difference and we want to have the most incredible content that we have, both licensed and original. And if we can do both of those really well for the next couple of years, that is very optimistic for us and would lead to a big growth. The third one that we are getting better and better at, is our advertising. As you can see we put in some links in the script and you can get the feel and sense of the improvement in our ability to market our content and really develop that connection. And why don't I flip it to Ted for a second on kind of what you see Ted as kind of content growth improvement because I think Doug is talking about that.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, thanks, Reed. And Doug, I think that the content continues to improve and I guess, as David pointed, out in the current forecast it includes room to continue to invest. What we have seen is, is that some of the original content has got a particular halo effect on the brand that creates a stickiness that we are liking the signs of, for sure and that's why we are continuing to invest in that space. So it is like one of those things where evolving Netflix from being a place where I can see a lot of my favorite shows to the place where I can see the shows that I love, I think is a big investment that we are moving towards. So it is all dependent on having the great delivery technology that keeps that kind of in the background for consumers, when they define how Netflix works, that's where you lose them. So it is fun to know, you just push play, and it works.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: So you launched personal profiles in the quarter. That's something that has been talked about for a long time getting to more an individualized basis. Did it have a notable impact? Are you seeing most consumers set up personal profiles? Or is it still something where it's an education process? And just attached to that, you haven't updated in, I think, six months now actual usage of Netflix from a global standpoint. I think in Q1, you said 4 billion plus hours were streamed after House of Cards aired. Any update you can give us on those numbers?
Reed Hastings: Sure, Rich. We did about 5 billion hours in the last quarter. It's continuing to grow. On profiles, we are seeing continued growth in the adoption. It's mostly targeted at new member signing up. Most existing members have waited. They use Netflix like they used to and a few highly motivated of those will set up a profile but most of it comes in the initial set up screens and hence targeted largely at families where you want to set up a profile for one of you kids or all of your kids and keep the kids viewing separate from the parent. So there is a little more use of profiles. In that, you can use them in various ways but that's the initial big focus. And there have also been great - yes it's been talked about a long time and we are really excited to actually have it out in use.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: A question for David. Can talk to us more about how you expect streaming margins to scale overtime and do you believe you can get to the current margin levels of pay-TV cable networks?
David Wells: Sure, Doug. What we said in our long-term letter and previous questions we get, and as we don't really have a long-term margin target. We think as long as we are able to continue to grow at the rates we have seen this year, next year we can continue to expand and investing content and grow margins. With continued scale and growth, our margins should continue to grow, but we don't have a long-term target.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: You know when the studios, if we are going to kind of move over topic wise over to your actual original programming strategy. I was thinking, when content is commissioned, you end up with people watching a whole number of episodes at once. It really is up to the consumer to choose how they want to watch and what they want to watch. The average broadcast show is actually, I think people try it and generally get only a couple of episodes in before they end up usually giving up and it is a very rare show, where people end up watching an entire season of content. For Netflix, when you say that your content is going to "successful" and I think all of you talk to a kind of five-for-five batting average. Does that assume that the average consumer is watching all of the episodes or your average Netflix subscriber who starts House of Cards has actually watched the whole series, or they are only watching say six or seven of the shows. How do we think about that?
Reed Hastings: Rich, we have a remarkable complete rate and that's one of the metrics we talk about. We talk about success, because it's a pretty safe bet that if somebody watches all 13 episodes of a show in a pretty short time span if they love that content, so it's a good leading indicator for us that we are doing okay with them. I know, to your point where there is a traditionally a pretty bailout rate after the third or fourth week of new show and what we see is a pretty kind of steady growth as people both, been drive out of the gate and then settle into a more comfortable viewing pattern, so we do have I think a favorable complete rate to anything that I have seen on television when I check the ratings.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Just as a follow-up on original, Ted. You said in the past that, each subsequent show has been better or had more viewing than the one proceeding it in terms of originals. Can you just talk to.
David Wells: first week. That's comment was that in the first seven days of each of the new shows.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Okay. Can you tell us how audiences are building for some of the early originals for example like of House of Cards?
Ted Sarandos: In what and what patterns are they building?
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Well, just in terms of how the show continues to build audience even after the initial run?
Ted Sarandos: They are continuing to build. I mean, we have this kind of burst of excitement at the beginning usually tied to the marketing that we are doing and also the positive press event that's going around the new shows in their first couple of days, but unlike other shows it tend to lose audience week over week over week. We cumulatively kind of gain audiences as we go along and House of Cards get another unique bump when the show was nominated for the Emmy Awards. It was a measurable bump in both, users and hours watched as people discovered the show for the first time and or returned to the show after having tried it at the beginning, so we are seeing kind of - they are certainly not dead after the first couple of days or the first couple of weeks to the show and they continue to find unifying new audience. The way we do for a licensed content too where we saw lots of audience build around Breaking Bad early seasons as the last season came on air was receiving a lot press attention, so no different than that.
David Wells: One of the things that we will see for the first time next year is what we are able to do with Season 2 of these shows, so when we have Season two with House of Cards, we are going to be doing a lot to get people in to Season 1 in the beginning and to really complete that, so we think we will get a big boost in Season 1 viewing as we are remarketing the brand House of Cards and really gauging the excitement around Season 2.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: You recently announced that, I think Ted announced actually when he was speaking that you are increasing your investment in originals. You had before said that it was maybe kind of under 10% and now you seem comfortable with a number larger than 10%. Our overall programming eventually over the next couple of years being original programming, curious I assume embedded within that as now in the Season 2 all the shows we just mentioned, but also the new damages writer show that you just announced with Sony. Then just curious you also had a show, I believe, from the [Whitehouse]
David Wells: Yes. We announced that a few months ago. Right.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: That's also a 2014 show, because that wasn't in your press release. I am just wondering what is actually in your expectations for '14 original programming and why the change in the level of spending?
David Wells: Well. I would say remember that we are kind of trying to optimize for a high-quality shows, so they take a long time to discover, they take a little bit longer to build and the delivery time becomes a little bit longer to build. And the delivery time becomes a little more elastic. So we have announced last year, we expected Sense8 to land in the end of 2014 and we still do. It's subject to move a little bit, I imagine. We do expect the KZK show to deliver in '14 as well. I know we have some other announcements coming along the way. So to your earlier part of your question, we said it's a doubling of where we are at today. That includes some of these shows, some shows that we are yet to announce and then including some big shows that have yet we have to launch like the first wave of the DreamWorks Animation deal, the season two is another of the content. So we are trying to move as quickly as we can and we think that, its not that we are beginning comfortable with the number if begin in 10. We are comfortable at the number that we are currently sitting at and where we are currently looking to grow to and we are going to keep reviewing it. So HBO, as an example, about 40% of their spend is on original programming. So there is a big gap from where we are to where we could be.
David Wells: And Rich, this is David. Just at the risk of repeating a little about what Ted just said. To reconcile some of those comments our intension is, as we have said, to double it. The expense, it will still be a sub 10% likely next year. It just takes along a long time in terms of the lead time to get the shows out and with the commitment to quality to get those out but the doubling of expense over time is certainly there and we have talked 10%, 20%, 25%. We don't know what the right number is but we know that it is going to grow over time and with the success we have seen to-date we are going to continue to expand it.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Just along those lines, would you even want to own content outright? How do you think about ramping up your own production capabilities to control a series completely? What would have to happen for you to shift the model more in that direction?
Reed Hastings: So we would like to control the territories and the windows that we need and we could either achieve that through owing it out right or by negotiating with third party producers to end up in the same place. And I am a little indifferent between the two. I think in our early goings we were protective and trying to kind of hedge our bets as we stepped into the content and certainly do want to build a big infrastructure around ownership. Something we would be much more comfortable doing today and could, particularly considering the complexity of new territories as we open them up.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: When a company fails in the original production business, all of your peers, Ted they end up taking an immediate write down of the content. They really have to expense it right away. Given your model where it's all part of the subscription process, how does one determine whether a show would have to be written off and given the long life of being able to be on the Netflix "shelf", will we ultimately see write-downs from Netflix, because obviously everything you won't make won't be in a five-for-five batting average range.
Reed Hastings: Yes, I will probably take this, Ted. Rich, likely you won't see many write-downs, in the sense that we have already got a shorter amortization period than the license period. But if we feel like the hours viewed are not going to be generated from a particular title or PC content, we would look across that category, we would look at the title and say are we materially off of it and then we would have to make a judgment. But generally, we are already sort of shorter than the license period. So there is a some conservatism there. And then we would look at our projections to see how far apart we are but generally it is about those hours coming in spread over the life of the term which is less about whether you have a piece of content that you think is going to be viewed half than something you expected before and it is more about the pattern of those hours.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: How quickly the viewing happens right?
Reed Hastings: Right, and so there is an opportunity cost though. If we do have a show that is performing significantly less than we expected that will obviously crowd out other investments that we could be making in other content that we could be making.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: This one is for Ted. You have obviously already broken new ground in terms of releasing all the episodes of a particular season at the same time. How do you think about breaking further convention and perhaps releasing a second season or next season of the show sooner than that tradition 12 month Hollywood cycle?
Reed Hastings: Yes. We are very excited about trying to do that, in terms of when we go to into a show, particularly if we committed to multiple seasons upfront, then we would accelerate the production schedule. But again we don't want to loose track of quality. So we want to leave time for the writing to be as best as it can be and also for the talent to rest in between seasons. But ideally we would like to reduce those cycle times between seasons beyond the tighter than the one year we are seeing today.
David Wells: We went to a second season of Orange Is the New Black early because we have seen all 13 episodes. We are highly confident the forecast models and the quality of the show and it enabled us to move into production sooner and close the window between Season 1 and Season 2, so you see in that show already.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: If we look at the content beyond the TV series that you are creating and think more broadly, I asked you at the end of the last conference call about movies and it seems like over the last few months more and more of people in the movie industry keep expecting you to do something in the movie business. Curious what's stopping you? It seems like you seem to have quite an interest in breaking into the movie business. If you did it, what would it look like? Documentary, 100 million-type? We talking Avengers? What do you want to doing and why would you want to be in the movie business?
David Wells: We are looking at all those things you just described and we are actively looking right now to few documentary projects that will premier on Netflix versus more traditional windows. On the movie side, I would keep my mind wide open to what those films would be and what they would look like and really the driver of it is like we are able to kind of break convention on television by operating all episodes at once, hoping that consumers have really loved we like to do more of that in the movie space. In that today we are kind of held to the traditional pay model meaning the movies are not coming to Netflix, until they hit pay television almost a year after they are in theaters. Even through that window is moving, I don't know if it moving aggressive enough for people who really do have experienced more in demand and on-demand lifestyle around their content, so I think that the more we would be aggressive with windowing by taking more control over the content earlier in the process that would be good for our members.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: There is an increasing talk about the NFL looking to sale certain digital rights to other providers. Can you talk about your appetite for a live event and sport content and how you might be able to use that potentially as loss leader for sub-acquisition is a possible you can even make the economics on that content itself workout.
Reed Hastings: I would say we are in the same place we were Doug, we are still not interested in sports. What we bring to the table is a lot of improvement, because of all the attributes are on-demand and I don't think that brings much to sports viewing which is primarily a linear experience.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: A topic that I think is near and dear to everybody right now in terms of Netflix is, your MVPD, ISP relationships and kind of how that plays out. I think Doug and I have a number of questions on that topic. I think first off, John Malone was in New York for the Liberty Analyst Day, obviously representing [Charter] and he basically said that riding on the pipes of the ISPs for free is "simply unsustainable". He was hoping from kind of a big picture response from Reed.
Reed Hastings: Yes. I mean, when you look at broadband collecting $40 to $60 dollars a month for operating broadband and not having to pay content cost, I could say, well that's unsustainable. They have to pay some of the content cost. In fact, the arguments works both ways and we think it will work out in the long-term best if there is neutrality and that if we bring the bets there is an interchange and that there is no charging at the interchange and this the architecture that's allowed the growth of the global Internet which is not taxing each other, so we are very optimistic that that will continue. There are people who say own cable companies or own content companies who aspire on the other side to collect I don't think it's going to happen. It's definitely still emerging and growing. In general, with our Open Connect, which is free to all our ISPs, we are seeing a great adoption. It's nearly every single ISP outside of the U.S. and its many of the smaller once inside the U.S. so we are definitely making some real progress there and I think it will leave room for great consumer services from broadband companies and from content companies.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Along those lines, can you help us understand how the recent deals are structured with Virgin Media and in the past I believe you primarily paid for on devices and subscriber acquisition on more of a per sub basis. Are we seeing any more of a shift toward recurring economics with these kind of deals going forward?
David Wells: Yes. Doug as you would suspect I can't get it into the individual terms. What I would say is that we are really set to try to that help Virgin expand their footprint. They are doing a leading hedge job with their MVPD and what we hope to do is be able to use their quality of experience that they are generating to help them grow share because of course then other MVPDs so long to do that also.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you look at the U.S., what are the biggest challenges? Google Fiber has you on their box. They actually in some ways sell their box to the consumer. Others are leasing the boxes. Is it possible for you to be on a Comcast lease set-top box or does it have to be on a box like the Roku or an Apple TV? Can you just walk us though what are the biggest hurdles to replicating this in the U.S.?
Reed Hastings: No, I am sure we could be on a Comcast box. So the real question is, we have to figure out deal terms that make sense for both sides. And it's been an ongoing discussion with many of the MVPDs not limited to Comcast. But I have a X1, the Comcast box at home. It's got an apps and I listened to Pandora on it. I think personally, I would like to be able to watch Netflix and that will keep me on the Comcast X1, which is a great product. So I am really hopeful that we can do that with both Comcast and other people in the industry.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: But David, I think was speaking at a conference just a couple of weeks ago and said that, some of your programming deals make that very challenging. Could you elaborate?
Reed Hastings: Sure. I don't think at this point it would be a problem to be on a Comcast box and presumably others. So, historically there definitely were some concerns but I think we are through that at this point.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just following-up on that, just the CDN you built play into implications for getting wholesale deals done?
Reed Hastings: A little bit, because what we want to do is have a great experience on these boxes and the ISPs that directly interconnect with our Open Connect CDN get a better experience, higher video quality, less rebuffering. And so with Virgin, we are integrated all the way through and it creates a better experience. I am not sure that what everybody wants is a better experience.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Could you talk about your ISP penetration rates? Do you see notable difference in terms of cable operators versus telco fiber versus DSL? Are there real differences at this point? And are people looking towards the highest quality charts that you roll-out each month in terms of who's the best?
Reed Hastings: Yes, let's say a few consumers look. But I can't say that people move in droves from one to another just based on our comparison. But what we really see is that ISP's, especially cable and fiber, want to invest in the next generation architecture to be able to offer 100 megabits, a gigabit and you are seeing this. This is a very highly profitable businesses, if you can get them to scale and there is a no point for a consumer getting a 100 megabit pipe or gigabit pipe if doesn't get to places like Netflix and YouTube quickly. So it's both the on ramp that's the speed that's rated and just how well interconnected it is and that's why we developed this free Open Connect program to be able to supply those highest possible speeds.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just shifting gears to talk about international streaming a little bit. How should we think about the relative degrees of profitability in the international markets? How many, perhaps, are currently profitable and how do you think about the general timeframe to reach breakeven?
Reed Hastings: Go ahead, David.
David Wells: Either one us can answer that. But Doug, we have said, for competitive reasons, that we provide additional color on the markets. You can take the information that you do have, which is the progress of the overall international loss getting better each quarter and in our statements that we are growing net additions or members in each one of those market. So both of them give you an indication of improving pictures in each one of our markets.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you look at the top 10 broadband markets, I think Netflix right now, if you look at total household subscribers in millions, Netflix is only in three of the top 10, the U.S., the U.K. and Brazil. That leaves seven very large broadband markets that you haven't attached yet. The markets that you have actually entered most recently, leaving of Latin America, are actually relatively smaller in terms of total broadband subscribers. When do you go for the big ones? What's holding you back from getting into some of those very large broadband markets?
Reed Hastings: Well it is definitely something we are looking at, Rich. We definitely have been being a little more cautious since the price change two years ago and our thinner base in the U.S. Now we are gaining momentum there. We expanded in the Nordics a year ago. Netherlands, recently. And so when we look forward to next year, we will definitely be looking at some larger expansions, in terms of their size of broadband markets.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just following-up there. You highlighted the initial response in the Nordics and the Netherlands. Can you talk a little bit more about the experience you have had there so far, the characteristics in those markets that have made them potentially off to a faster start than some of the other markets that you see?
Reed Hastings: We really we have great and consistent success across all of the markets except for the payments issue that we underestimated in Latin America. We have been straight forward about that. We are making progress on that. And over time, Latin America will be an enormous success for us. It's already growing rapidly, the number of broadband households in Latin America will exceed the U.S. over the next five years, so it's really a huge and broadband household is subscribers' household we have enough money to pay for broadband, so that kind of evens up the count and Latin America will be huge in that category and huge for us. But other than the payments issue, we had a very consistent reception across all of the markets. People want on-demand and everybody loves, not everybody but in every market there are a lots of people that love Hollywood content. Then we are continuing to argument that with lots of local content.
David Wells: It's probably worth point out too, Reed, that, House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black particularly, but also Hemlock Grove and all the original shows have been remarkably popular in every territory we operate in. Even on much lesser market expense. So we have been thrilled that we have been able to find some real scale, international scale with the original programs as well.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: And Ted, while my Brazilian is not great or my Portuguese is not great, it does seem like from reading some of the local papers that you have done a little bit of local programming in Brazil. Wondering if you could talk to us about that? How significant spend wise and is this the start of much larger local programming strategy overseas?
David Wells: Rich, it's pretty much a scale problem. So you have to have enough people there to program for them specifically order produce for them specifically. I would say what we are doing in Portuguese local language content in Brazil is very much at the experimental stage and we think given the indicators that we are seeing in Latin America that's it's very feasible that we can make the economics work for the local productions in some of these territories.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just one more on the international markets, do you ultimately believe that most of these markets can look the U.S. in terms of penetration, usage assuming the technology. The broadband capability is ultimately on a comparable level or do you think that there is something else unique about the U.S. just in terms of penetration or usage goals that would make this market different?
David Wells: No. I don't think there is anything fundamental that's different about the U.S. If you look at YouTube usage, it's about 80% international. If you look at Skype revenue before they were acquired, it's about 83% international. Given the relative size of the economies, the U.S. which is 5% of the population, generates more revenue than its population count in the world, but it should be around 20-80 in the long-term may be 30-70 since we started so U.S.-centric and DVD-centric, but those are the numbers that they are the large internet firms have.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: If we shift over to competition, we have new management now at Hulu, new cash infusion of $700 million at Hulu. Amazon supposedly it seems like worst-kept secret is rolling out some form of set-top box. Wondering when you look at 2014, are you expecting a more aggressive domestic competitive landscape than we have seen throughout 2013?
Reed Hastings: Not particularly. There are certain markets like the U.K., that are very competitive with BSkyB and Now TV. There are other markets, well, all of other markets really are pretty competitive. Remember, we don't just compete against say other $8 to $10 video services. We compete broadly I guess cables and satellite, we compete against video games, we compete against just browsing time killing time on the web and so it's because we compete so broadly that we haven't seen any material effect as competitors more direct competitors have risen and fallen in the last two or three years. There is a lot of competition for content, but then if you think of our originals, there we compete with about 40 different cable networks that are producing original, so if you are a writer, you have the great idea you know you are biting it all broadly to see who will buy it at the best price.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just one more in the competitive front, Reed. If we look at Google Searches for Netflix, it looks like they vastly exceed those for LOVEFiLM right now in the UK. What do you think is driving the success that you are having there relative to lot given that they were earlier to the market?
Reed Hastings: It's a really tough thing doing a hybrid play with DVD. People associate you with DVD and the branding of LOVEFiLM Instant is impossible to deliver on. It's a congruent that we figured out that we were doing both, so LOVEFiLM people are meant DVD is supper broad selection and LOVEFiLM Instant which is the brand means all that but now streaming and for a series of rights issues no company can deliver on that. And so Redbox Instant has the same problem. The brand, fundamentally, is not correct because they can't deliver on that promise, as exciting as it sounds to consumers. So that's a big tension. Now Amazon is having a lot of success on the pay-per-view side and on streaming inside of Prime. So I think those are really the areas of focus for them and they are very successful in those areas.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Playing though, is that thing what you just said, Reed and shifting over to your DVD business, Netflix really has become synonymous with streaming on a global basis. Is your DVD business at this point strategic? Are there other ways to best create value out of that business for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: I think the best way is within Netflix and it's running as a standalone group. It's doing great work. We have got over 7 million people that are very excited to have that breadth of selection including all the HBO and Showtime series on DVD. So it's just got a super selection. But we don't market it a lot partially because of that brand confusion problem. So it's really, it will shrink a little bit every year but I think the best way to monetize it is going to be keep it as it is.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Reed, you have only talked about users preferring to watch Netflix content on their large screen TV's. Google, the other night, said that 40% of YouTube usage was now coming via mobile. How much of Netflix's total viewing comes from mobile devices currently? And how much of a driver do you think mobile ubiquity is just in driving new subscribers and also reducing churn?
Reed Hastings: Well there is mobile on cellular networks and that's fairly small for us. I think it's a combination of the long form content and the data caps that are one those plans. Then there is mobile within the home where it's on Wi-Fi and it's the device you watch in bed, you watch curled on the couch and that's been quite large for us. So it really depends on the sub category but fundamentally where Netflix works best is with a Internet screen that's got on Wi-Fi rather than on cellular networks.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: And when you think about those devices, could you give us any color on, is tablets now getting the in-home viewing, is tablets now a meaningful percentage and do you see differences between - are people using it more on iOS than on Android? We have heard from some people, Alan from Machinima the other day indicate that most of their viewing actually occurs on tablets on iOS devices. Are you seeing similar type patterns where there really is skew?
Reed Hastings: Well. We don't give that individual breakdowns, either on devices or on OS'. But in general, I think the competition between the Android family and the iOS family and the Windows family is creating a great bounty for consumers because of the low prices and attractive usage patterns. And then Netflix, YouTube and others benefit from all of those usage patterns. So tablets are growing, mobile phones are growing but frankly so are smart TVs is going very rapidly for us.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Can you talk about what kind of lift you expect to see in 4Q from the new gaming consoles and is this as material now as it was in the early days of streaming when you were just beginning to get distribution?
Reed Hastings: Doug, I think we will see very little lift from that because the people who buy the PS4 and Xbox One are the people who already have the PS3 and the Xbox 360. They are the hardcore fans who want to get the coolest, latest thing to play more games. So the first way does not expand the market for us or for them. So it's really a question of, do those companies, over time, pioneer a model where instead of 60 million or 80 million as a lifetime, they get to 200 million or 300 million units. If so, through some combination of price and utility and then it becomes expansive. But that's a couple of years down the road.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: When you look at the overall viewing that you have, you have talked about three quarters of it coming from your recommendation engine. Just curious, when you look at that recommendation engine going forward, can it still get a lot better? I think in your press release you talked about or actually, the update to your long-term view, you actually detailed that you are increasing your spending on technology up to like $400 million from $350 million was in the prior long-term view. Is that to make things like the recommendation engine better? What are you trying to do in terms of make the product better? Like what's not good right now in terms of baby offering?
Reed Hastings: Well, the recommendations are getting better and better which is a combination of the data that we can collect and then how much CPU intelligence we can put in terms of processing that. And so its got a long way to go. If you think about where we will be in 5 or 10 years, how much better will Google Search be? How much better will Netflix's recommendations? How much better will Amazon will be? All of the different businesses are getting better at processing these large amounts of data to synthesize better and better recommendations, so, I am very optimistic about it over the next couple of years getting to where there is half dozen recommendations that we offer that are cherry picked and that a large percentage over time one of those half dozen or exactly what you are looking for.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: A question for David just on the balance sheet, what are your thoughts on the strength of the balance sheet currently? If you had access to more capital, how would you potentially look to deploy this in terms of either TV production moving into movies, perhaps more directly or expanding international quicker?
David Wells: Well, Doug, we haven't used any cash this year. We started year with the February raise we were about $1 billion. Now we are about $1.1 billion. The two primary things that continue to be a use of cash are our international investments in the sense that they run, we run negative on those and there are on a loss on a consolidated basis and our content spending and that's predominately originals and output style deals and we will continue to assess these, but we are pretty comfortable where we are right now. Obviously, the market conditions are attractive in a number of different places, but we still continue to assess and be pretty comfortable with where we stand.
Reed Hastings: Just a follow-up, last quarter I think you made a comment that there might be a need to tap the markets to move faster. Is that something that you think about? I guess, given where your stock is, given where debt markets are, why aren't you trying to move even faster right now than you are in terms of international expansion? I mean, debt is cheap and your equity at all time record highs. Just why not faster I guess it's really the open question.
David Wells: Well, I think Reed and I can take a piece of this together, but I would say that we don't feel capital constrained right now in terms of our pace of expansion. If we did, we would go out and tap the market, but Reed if you got a follow-up for that too.
Reed Hastings: No. I would say the same thing which is, we think we are going at a great clip. We wanted to get back to solid profitability, be able to fund our international work. If we weren't much faster on international, we would drive the global P&L negative, which is not something we have been comfortable with, so on a practical basis we are more P&L constrained on the international. On originals, Ted knows. He has got the cash if he needs to use it to be able to get the right talent on the right projects, so there is no particular constraint there. The only reason frankly that we haven't raised more money is, we don't see the need right now, so then we just balance what's a good security market and we think we are pretty comfortable, but you can certainly make an argument we should, given all the conditions you said, take it up a little bit but it will be pretty immaterial if we did something.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Just following-up on that. In the past you have talked about running the overall business on a breakeven basis. Of course, we see in the domestic streaming business the 400 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion and being reasonable obviously in terms of how you are expanding into international markets. How do we think about that statement of running breakeven going forward?
Reed Hastings: Well, we definitely say running profitable now. Keeping the business profitable, so that's how we have evolved that statement.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you think about Aereo, they have kind of defied the logic of the broadcast and seeming to prove themselves legal to-date in the courts. Well I know that you look at yourselves as a cable network or digital cable network much like HBO, the combination of an offering of $8 a month for a DVR with a bunch of broadcast television stations as well as deep catalog and great original programming from Netflix does seem like a pretty potent combination for a good chunk, maybe not 10s of million, but certainly millions of consumers, is an alliance or some form of greater working arrangement a possibility for you as you look forward?
Reed Hastings: Well Aereo is both opportunity and threat. To some degree it's opportunity that more people get used to on demand and love that. It's also a threat because the natural course for them as they get to a couple million subscribers is first to license other cable networks trying to build the better package. Then ultimately become a competitor for Netflix. Now, there one competitor or many of competitors as I talked about so we don't spend any particular time on Aereo. Think of it as the entertainment time pool for money and time. It's very large. And so no one competitor really has seemed to be able to effect us either positively or negatively. So I would really doubt that we notice anything specific about areas growth upon Netflix, either positive or negative in the next couple of years.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Just a question on cord-cutting, Reed. Can you just talk about your current views in terms where we are with cord-cutting in the U.S.? What do you think the trends are there? And if you have any kind of idea in terms of how much of a driver this is for Netflix?
Reed Hastings: Well the trends have been quite clear that there is zero cord-cutting. We are at $100 million on a year-over-year basis and Q2 does down a little bit every year as students move but it same as Q2 last year. So right now there is zero cord-cutting. The question is, well, will that last? And that really depends on does cable continue to get better. Cable is taking share from satellite, fiber is growing a little bit a too. So there are some important and interesting secular notes in that. But in general consumers are getting a lot of content on cable and that's doing well for them and our market has not been the cord-cutter market. I mean if you think about it domestically, as we have grown from zero to 31 million and there has been no decline in MVPD household. So it really seems pretty strong that consumer see as complementary to MVPD rather than a replacement for it.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: From an HBO standpoint, you have passed them now in the U.S. I know that certainly the media blogosphere seems very excited about that statistic, but it seem like in shareholder letter that you seem more focused on a much bigger long-term opportunity, which is the international subscribers of HBO at a 114 million and obviously with your international business where it is now you got a long way to go but it also sounds like you have some big plans for international market launches in the next 12 to 24 months. Is it years away? Meaning five plus years away to be bigger than HBO globally? Or could you actually get there even faster than that given the pace of broadband adoption on a global basis?
Reed Hastings: It will get probably take longer than that because they are continuing to grow. You know the thing about us is, as we grow HBO is really focusing on doing incredible work. They will probably do some of the best shows they ever do in the next five years. They are expanding more aggressively in international. So I think what we will see is they grow some. We hopefully grow a lot and I don't know when we will catch them. It is going to be a long time. I mean at 114 million, they have been at it since 1972. So that's 40 years and we have been at it, in the streaming sense, only seven years. So I am really happy with our progress to-date they but we do have a long way to go catch up to them.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: A question for Ted, just on originals and other content. Can you just talk more about, obviously, since you have had the originals over the last six to nine months or so, this particular wave, how much that's opened up the door for writers and producers to come to you directly where you are on inbounds and how that's changed the environment for you?
Ted Sarandos: So both the success of the shows, in terms of the launching and certainly the success at the Emmy Awards was helpful. But mostly, I think, content creators are really attracted to the notion of creative control and being able to come here and make the show that they intended to make without a lot of creative interference. So we get a lot of inbound traffic. I would guess that on most major projects, we are the first and not the second stop for these content creators because I think they are mostly incredibly enthused about the idea of how we make and release the content and how we support it once it's live. So far it's been incredibly door opening which was the intent of doing high profile shows like House of Cards, right out of the gate.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Kind of a housekeeping question for David on the amortization change that youve made. You talked about that 27 million number. What was the offset? Because you are obviously ramping your marketing spend that Reed talked about. You are continuing to ramp your technology spend. You, I assume, didn't know heading into last quarter when you gave guidance that you were going to have the step up in accelerated amortization, both in Q3 as well as in Q4. Where is the offset? Is it just purely on a subscriber growth number that you are making it up or how do we make up that delta?
David Wells: Sure. So you are correct that we didn't know heading into guidance. 20 million of it is domestic and about half of that we were made-up in terms of our performance with subscribers, revenue, lower content and some marketing expenses that got pushed. The other half we were able to adjust marketing spend, and so you will see some of it get shifted into Q4, some of the discretionary items that we were able to shift some of the other money around, so we made up the difference that way.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: The question just on the DVD front, can you talk about where you are now in terms of distribution centers compared to where you were are the peak and other things that you have done in terms of the improving efficiency there?
David Wells: I will probably take this one, Dough. We were about 39 centers and I think we peaked out at about 48 and maybe around 50, so probably about 20% less, but we still continue to reach a great percentage of the U.S. in one day service, because even if we drop a distribution center we will add a shuttle which still gets the nail to that local postal center, so it's not a one-to-one relationship when we close a distribution center that folks in that area get two-day service. It has a large part to do with the U.S. postal system and what's happening there, so when they close distribution centers, there is only so much we can do in terms of moving things around, but we are still pleased with how much of the U.S. we get in one day service.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Shifting over to Open Connect. Reed, you mentioned it before, when you had this video hang out the last time, I believe you were acquiring Open Connect in order for people to have access to your highest quality content. It seems like youve dropped that mandate in order to get higher quality content up into the market. Could you just discuss that change in strategy?
Reed Hastings: Yes. We realized with 4K coming, we want to be one of the big suppliers of 4K content next year that we want to not to complicate that as to which networks that was available on and not and if we are going to have 4K available everywhere. We should have super HD also available, so it's really driven from the impending next year 4K expansion.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: David just a follow-up on the amortization, so you pulled forward the $27 million in 3Q, can you talk just a little bit about over the few quarters how we should think about that impact?
David Wells: What we said was, we are not coming off our targets, so the impact is absorbed basically right now. You shouldn't think of there being any impact. Obviously, there is some hit to the international side and so that's part of the losses of the international, but overall, I will just remind folks that it's still less than 10% of our overall content expense. Even though there is this change, the majority of that was catch up amortization related to titles that were released prior to Q3.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: When you see a show like Walking Dead versus let's just say House of Cards, you are seeing a dramatically different profile in terms of viewership, in terms of people are watching House of Cards basically within a few month window where something like Walking Dead every night, the most watched episode is still the first episode of Season 1 and so you are seeing that define trend change or do you think that once you launched Season 2 of House of Cards, that's going to actually change back to more of the Walking Dead like modeling, change in the amortization policy may have been too early to adjust if that makes sense?
Ted Sarandos: Yes, well it is possible, Rich, that will be true, but we have to do what we can based upon estimates that we have. The difference is not so much on kind of what happens to the tail. Remember with The Walking Dead, we don't get it on the same day as the new episode comes out. We get it following season, so you are tapping into a much more stable part of the demand curve in society, whereas, when we released House of Cards, we create a fervor around it as the new episode of the new show, and so think of it as when with content that they have used on Netflix, there is surge of viewing in the first couple of months that's quite strong. Then so, we allocate the cost on that basis. Whereas, when we get prior season from anybody else then it's not the amount of backup promotion going on about that show is less for the prior season, so it's a relatively stable demand and that's the fundamental difference in the linear versus accelerated.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Just the question regarding social and Facebook in particular, any update just in terms of social sharing and how that's driving engagement currently?
David Wells: Well, we are continuing to work on it, we have got some big tests that are in flight now, trying to find the right balance, the right consumer model that people are excited about, but so far no big news to talk about.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: We have gotten several questions from investors asking about Carl Icahn and what your relationship with him is now and if you have any sense of just how Carl thinks about what you have done in a fairly short time of his investment.
David Wells: Well, he says he likes people that make him money. So he is happy with me for now. But I would have to refer you to him in terms of how he feels about the investment.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG Research: Just a question on pricing. Reed, you make it pretty clear in the letter that the $7.99 price point is working well in terms of members and contribution margin growth. How do you think about that potential to change further out?
Reed Hastings: Well we are always looking at ideas and thinking about it, but we are not on the edge of doing something. So the $7.99 is working for us very well. We will continue to monitor the trends. We have got many markets around the world. So we are able to potentially look at some different avenues. We did do a price increase in Brazil that was necessary relative to inflation and it is something we can look at if we have to. But right now the $7.99 is working great for us.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: And when you look at international markets, we have got a couple of questions that both point to in terms of what you are looking for now? I mean obviously you chose to go into some relatively smaller markets. But what are the key things now as you go forward that you are looking for in terms of which markets to launch and will we see kind of groups of markets like Scandinavia and Latin America or should we expect more targeted individual countries going forward?
Reed Hastings: Ted, do you want to take that one?
Ted Sarandos: In how we are looking at? We are looking mostly at markets that have all those characteristics that we have looked for from the beginning. Really active online consumers, sophisticated payments structures that we can tap into. So well established e-commerce behavior and a good healthy appetite for Western content. I think our programming has been, like I said, so for has been really successful wherever we go. So we are looking for markets where that programming will travel incredibly well and continue on that path.
Reed Hastings: Well, you guys are almost set here.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: We have one more. Well, at least I have one more question, and Doug has one more as well. But the one question that everyone wants to know from Ted and this is very important. Something that Ted is really excited about. Breaking Bad, when are we going to see the final season of Breaking Bad on Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: It has a DVD cycle that we need to honor with Sony who puts that through. So I don't have the date in front of me but it's going to be open in few months
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Before the end of the year or probably after the end of the year?
Ted Sarandos: After the end of the year.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Alright, great, I think. We are good from my end guys.
Reed Hastings: Thanks
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan: Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-22 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Kasenchak - Director, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chief Executive Officer David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Ted Sarandos - Chief Content Officer
Analysts: Julia Boorstin - CNBC Rich Greenfield - BTIG
Erin Kasenchak: [Abrupt start] Director of Investor Relations. Welcome to this live video interview for our 2013 second quarter earnings results. We may make forward-looking statements during today's interview and results may differ from those statements. Now I would like to turn it over to Reed Hastings, our CEO.
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Erin. We focused on efficient and effective investor communication for a long time. We worked through our shareholder letter, our long-term view. In terms of the Q&A, we have always admired the fire side chat format at investor conferences as being the most dynamic and interesting. And this is our attempt to bring that value to the broad online public. Now we are on our webcams on our laptops and on YouTube, so I hope the quality is acceptable. And we look forward to any suggestions from you afterwards. With me today from Beverly Hills is Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer.
Ted Sarandos: Thanks, Reed. I am glad to be here today.
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Ted. And also with me is David Wells, our CFO.
David Wells: Thanks, Reed. I think at this point we will start the questions. I am going to turn it over to our first interviewer, Rich Greenfield from BTIG.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: I think we will have Julia start off. Julia, why dont you kick off?
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Thanks, so much. Julia Boorstin here from CNBC. I just wanted to say that Rich I have been emailed and tweeted a wide range of questions from a range of institutional investors, individual shareholders, sell-side analysts, and also other companies in the media industry. Now because there was a lot of over allotment of questions, we are not going to be attributing individual questions but rather trying to compile them all and get through as many as possible. We have received emails of a very wide range and a lot of questions. So we going to get right into it. And the first question is about the format of the call. Reed, this question is for you. You alluded to it a little bit but there has been a lot of criticism by your decision to format the call this way. How do you address concerns that it actually minimizes the ability of investors to communicate directly with you?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we should process that after the interview and let's see if it's productive and useful for investors and see what they think.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Rich?
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Reed, why did you not reach the top end of your domestic sub guidance? We talked about where you have seen the success of your original programming. You have been Emmy nominated. You have gotten a lot of free marketing in the quarter and yet you did not get up to the top end of your sub guidance. Could you give us a sense of why that didnt happen?
Reed Hastings: Yeah, when we do our forecasting in the beginning of the quarter, when we know all of the factors going into that, we try to set the range so that we come in in the middle of the range as we did. So we are really happy with the progress in the business. We are happy that net adds were higher than a year ago in our domestic business, and much higher on the international business. And so we are feeling quite good about the business.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: You alluded to the impact of Arrested Development in the quarter but you didnt actually specify how much it had? Could you give us a sense of how many of your subscribers came from adding that programming?
Reed Hastings: When we look at original content, whether it's House of Cards or Arrested Development, we are just in a very early innings of this. We are figuring out how to promote them, what the ongoing value is. And what we see is, if we do it right these will turn into real franchises. That is House of Cards Season 2, Orange Season 2, Season 3, Season 4, will be just tremendous assets to the company. Arrested was a unique look forward because it already had a developed brand and we were bringing out Season 4. And what we did see was a little rise in gross additions which translated to net additions, more than the weekly pattern would have suggested. But it was not, particularly it was enough to move our net adds higher than last year, but it was not tremendously significant in the short-term. And in general remember that people subscribe and retain with us for a variety of content, not just a single show. So they might be become that Arrested Development was the excuse to join but then they start watching all of our great content. So think of it as just part of the content mix. And I dont know, Ted, do you want to add to that all?
Ted Sarandos: I would just point out that with every series that we have launched, both the viewing audience and the total hours viewed has grown sequentially with every single -- with every series that we have launched. So remember we launched from kind of ground zero with the first, both in the concept and in the show itself, and then continued to grow it and grow it and grow it. So I agree with Reed that these are going to have very long term implications. And we have been saying from the beginning that they have subtle impact on subscribers over time because you are realizing it with things like brand halo and reductions in churn that happens certainly and over time.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: But you chose to single out Arrested Development. Does that mean Arrested Development is responsible for say 15% of the subscriber growth this quarter? Can you give us any number to actually quantify what you indicated in the letter?
Ted Sarandos: I believe we just pointed it out because it breaks the seasonal pattern in a way that can be attributed more directly to that.
Reed Hastings: Julia, when a subscriber or a new member joins, they dont say its because of Arrested. Theres a whole wide variety of reasons, and Arrested again is unique because were starting with already created brand. The general case with Hemlock, with Orange, with House of Cards is for us to be the first season in debut. So think of Arrested as an unusual nice opportunity, but the general case for Netflixs original programing is more like House of Cards, Hemlock and Orange.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: So does that indicate that you expect to see an uptick for House of Cards second season for example?
Reed Hastings: Yeah. I think we would probably see a little bump there in our numbers. That would make sense and hopefully by the time we get to Season 3, 4, or 5, if were fortunate enough to get there, then we turned it into a Harry Potter-esque global massive phenomenon, when is the next season coming and then we certainly would. Again weve only made some progress on that. Weve got to see  weve got to make Season 2 as great as Season 1.
Ted Sarandos: May I even point out that even the most iconic TV brands like the Sopranos and Seinfeld took several years before they became brands.
David Wells: If I could just add to the comments. This is David. Weve said consistently and I say consistently that it will take several shows for folks to be engaged in Arrested Development and other types of our originals. Its not going to be one show. If you think about whether you join HBO or Showtime because of one or two shows, Game of Thrones is the only example where people have thrown out that its a single show. Otherwise its multiple shows. It will take us a while for our originals to get there.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Moving on to some more questions about the most recent quarterly report, your investor letter indicates that Q4 margins will decline dramatically despite the fact that you project margins to improve 400 basis points for the whole year. Is this is the beginning of a problematic trend in the fourth quarter?
David Wells: I dont think that we put in the letter any implication that our margins would decline. What were talking about is our progression, our expansion of margin and the fact that over the last six quarters weve actually over delivered on our target of about 100 basis points a quarter. And so content deals are lumpy and its hard to predict that and also plan to that gradual expansion. So there are quarters where were going to be over. Therell be quarters were under but on average well deliver about 400 basis points a year as long as were able to continue to grow at the rates that weve seen.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: But adding up the math, the fourth quarter does show -- is going to show a decline in margins. I guess my question is, how much of that is due to an increase in additional content spending compared to an anticipation that youre going to have to accelerate the amortization of the originals in the fourth quarter.
Reed Hastings: Julia, for the fourth quarter, were targeting a little over 400 basis points over the fourth quarter a year ago. And that doesnt apply a reduction and certainly not a dramatic reduction of the margin. So theres just math there in the question.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: Reed, just to be clear, weve got a lot of investor questions who though the 400 was 400 for the full year, not 400 in the fourth quarter as they were looking at your out performance in the first three quarters and assuming that meant a very large fall off in Q4 to stick to the 400 for the full year.
Reed Hastings: I see. Well, thats where a good Q&A session like this is useful. So let us disambiguate that and were looking at it quarter over quarter. So our target for the fourth quarter this year is 400 basis points ahead of the fourth quarter last year.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: So that 400 is not for the full year, just to clarify because theres a lot of confusion among the analysts questions and investor questions.
Reed Hastings: Correct. Apparently we accidentally created that misunderstanding with per year, but meaning quarterly year over year.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Got it. Thank you. Rich?
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: So when you look at originals, youve called out a couple of them in terms of House of Cards and Arrested Development. Youve got a bunch of those still sitting around in the pipeline and now youve got Orange is the New Black. When you look at the Q3 guidance for subscribers, is there a benefit from originals because you seem very excited about Orange is the New Black. How do we think about that?
Reed Hastings: Ted, why dont you take this one?
Ted Sarandos: Sure. Rich, like I mentioned I think that weve had this compounding positive effect. They are subtle effects, but theyre compounding, meaning that when we launched Orange is the New Black, surprisingly it drew as big a first seven day viewing as any of the other original series and actually had been growing every time, which we have to leave you to believe that people are taking more confidence of the idea of Netflix Originals which is creating some excitement for upcoming seasons as well and upcoming new series as well. So the brand is starting to mean something to viewers already, even though we only started doing this in February. That's what we're enthusiastic about.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Now, obviously, Netflix is proud of its Emmy nominations. Why don't you tell us how much -- how many people watch those shows that were nominated.
Reed Hastings: We said publicly, well we continue to say publicly that we are not releasing viewing numbers. Our actual ratings would be apples and oranges comparison to what happens on a network. We view the viewing over a very long period of time. We'll tell you though, that you should look at our renewal of a show to a second season as a very positive sign. Because if we're renewing shows that people aren't watching in big numbers then we're creating a huge opportunity cost in our content spend. In other words, we won't have money to spend on things that people watch. So these shows are performing really well for us. They are hitting our numbers with remarkable precision in terms of what we forecasted enough, so that we had confidence to renew Orange Is the New Black, based on our viewing models even a few days before we launched the show.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Final question on Q1, and this is for David specifically. There is a footnote one that talks to a restatement of your contribution margins related to an SG&A shift. Could you explain why that was made and what happened?
David Wells: Sure. That's related to our global spending on marketing overheads of people. It's really marketing folks. They are working on projects, on branding projects that are for the Netflix brand, a brand across the globe. So they're not working on things that are specific to a particular territory or operating segment. So we felt like we wanted to treat them like we do our other content folks that are making our content deals and we treat them as a global cost and that those costs were moved down from the marketing line which was a cost of revenue down into a G&A line.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Now just moving on to actual questions in categories. We're going to try to break these up into big topic categories. The investor letter starts off by talking about a saturation based on competition. And I wonder, since Reed you've talked about this 60 million to 90 million potential for Netflix, why are you even talking about saturation given where Netflix is today?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we never know when and how saturation will hit, and what we are trying to be clear on is there is a couple of different forces. One is that our content is getting better, our service is getting better. And the other is that the larger we get, of course the harder it is to grow and also the longer time goes by the better competitors are. So those are the opposing forces. And given those forces, we're extremely excited to have our net adds be at the same level as last year because that implies that there is no near term saturation.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: And are you still comfortable with the 60 million to 90 million ultimate market potential?
Reed Hastings: We are. We're feeling very good about that. Because what happens is, by the time we get to 40 million and 50 million, we get the content better and the service better. And so it's not 60 million or 90 million for the current service, it's 60 million or 90 million for the future service that's much improved. That maybe a lot more originals and just incredible streaming.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Many investors have shared a concern that virtually every one in your potential market has already tried Netflix at least once so you have very few actually new customers. What is your level of churn?
Reed Hastings: You know what we really focus on is the net adds. Because someone has tried Netflix before, they're probably more interested in trying us again as the content gets better, as the streaming gets better, as the play back software and the devices gets better. And so there is lots of people who tried us and then they will try us again to see if we meet their future needs. So we're feeling very comfortable about that.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: I understand you stopped reporting churn but can you tell us anything about the churn and what that might reveal about future growth?
Reed Hastings: I can tell you that as the CEO of Netflix, I focus myself. I don't even look at the churn numbers. Essentially, I'm looking at net adds all the time, because you get various trade-offs, and really what we care about is total growth. And so it's bringing the world in line with how management looks at it, which is in terms of net additions which we do check every week, every day.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: And -- no, go ahead.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: If consumers are now watching over 90 minutes of Netflix a day, why is that household churning. Like what else do you need to do if you're already at 90 minutes of household viewing per subscriber in the U.S.?
Reed Hastings: Well, let's say, if that household that's watching 90 minutes a day probably isn't cancelling. But that's an average, so I think of it as a bell curve of usage. And the people at the lighter end that are not using Netflix much then they're more prone to cancel it than someone who is watching a lot. So we constantly just try to make the service better which is what we've been doing over the last five years.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: We received a number of questions and concerns about your free cash flow. Over the last few quarters you've had a disparity between net income and free cash flow suggesting that you're really making an investment in your streaming migrate content. But the question then is, what is the duration of the content that you're investing in and when should we expect it to run through the income statement?
David Wells: I'll probably take this one. This is David. So we've been very, very clear and very transparent about the fact that our content investments are going to run ahead of our P&L expense and weigh on our free cash flow. And we were pleased this quarter to actually flip to positive. Likely we'll continue to make investments in originals and other content that will continue to weigh on our free cash flow. But we're very comfortable with where we are today. We think that the viewing that follows from those content investments, our accounting has to follow from that viewing. So to the extent that the industry is set up that more of the money is paid upfront in order to fund production, that's something that we can only affect a little bit. We have to be competitive buyers in the industry. So we have to meet those payment terms and a lot of these deals are more cash upfront loaded.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Well certainly, but some investors who we've spoken to calculate disparity between that income and free cash flow at over $2 per share. Will we see that pressure EPS?
David Wells: I am not sure about the $2 per share. What we've said is that our free cash flow runs ahead of our P&L expense, about 20%. So the ratio of cash out to P&L expense can run 20% above that P&L. And that's typically holding, even with some of our more cash upfront originals deals. You'll see some of that start to unwind as we get older and a lot of the deals start to mature down the road. But while we're expanding content, you should expect and investors should expect that to continue to weigh on our free cash flow.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: But David, when you look at the original programming, the amount of spend versus the amortization, your website spends a lot of detail going into how that's amortized. But what is the actual cash outlay? You talked about it being higher. How should we think about how the cash for these originals and even some of your new deals like DreamWorks, how does that actually flow into your actual cash position as we think about your balance sheet?
David Wells: Theyre a little bit different. So generally we take -- we make payment partially upon delivery, and then another section it depends on the deal. And we don't talk about deals specifics, but illustratively it could be 18 months, it could be 3 years. It depends on the license period. So again it really depends on the delivery of that content and when it comes in. And for output style deals, that really depends on the size of the box office card that we're paying. So, again it depends on the content as it comes through, but we've been fairly conservative I'd say in terms of preparing for this. We raised debt earlier in the year. We restructured some debt. We feel pretty good about our cash position. And we put in our long-term letter, depending on the expansion of originals, we may need more capital down the road, but right now we're fine.
Ted Sarandos: And Rich I'd say too that we've been able to get very favorable cash terms from our suppliers or most of our deals. And I'd say that the more high profile the programming is the more likely it is original and exclusive, the cash outlay has accelerated versus some of the very deep catalog that pays out very smoothly over several quarters.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: When you drive more subscribers at a lower price, or generate a higher profit margin at a higher price, it basically -- why is $7.99 the right price?
Reed Hastings: I would say $7.99 is pretty close to the right price. I don't think we could be certain that at $6.99 or $8.99 it would be a little bit better or a little bit worse. But once you've picked a price, there is a tremendous value in consumer stability. And we're growing very strongly at the current price. And so we feel great about that situation.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: But there is an overwhelming number of questions from investors and other analysts of are you going to be forced to raise price? Because you literally can't afford your content commitments, so either you need to raise equity or you need to raise the price of your service.
Reed Hastings: Well, if you look over the past three years, we've raised the contribution margin in the United States business from sub 10% to over 20%. And so I think there is plenty of evidence that we can grow revenue faster than we're growing content costs.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: But a specific question that was asked by a number of people is, given the negative operating cash flow trend, obviously our cash flow is positive this quarter, but given those trends and the high costs for original content and also exclusive content, what is the probability that you'd either be forced to raise debt or subscription prices in the next 12 months?
Reed Hastings: Well, let's see. Let's separate the two factors. One is domestic, where we're hugely profitable in growing very well. And the other is international, where we're growing extremely strongly. Revenue was up 155% over a year ago but it has negative P&L, we're in investment mode. So we've got the strong U.S. business supporting the investment in international. In terms of the likelihood of raising debt or prices, I wouldnt have anything more to add to that then what we said which is we're very comfortable where we are in the $7.99 price point, and we're growing very strongly. And in terms of debt, it would be pretty unlikely in the next 12 months.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: But I guess looking beyond that, beyond the next 12 months, over the next couple of years, many investors and analysts who you know, said they believe you will need to execute as stock sales to pay for content obligations. What is your outlook in terms of your plans for potentially a secondary stock offering in the next three years to four years?
David Wells: It's too far off to speculate on. At this point what we can say is what we've said.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Would a price increase be a way to avoid a capital raise?
David Wells: We're very comfortable with our $7.99 price point and with the growth that it generates.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: Schwartz believe that your stock is exceedingly expensive. When you look at the valuation of where you are now, how do you get comfortable with the growth potential of your stock from these levels?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think management is probably not the greatest judge of their own stock price and so we try not to comment specifically on that. We try to provide lots of information to investors and then there is a natural process through that of the price getting set. What we focus on is how to grow the subscriber base, how to expand internationally, how to improve the content. Those are all the things that we're focusing on.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: For investors who've been on a roller coaster ride with Netflix over the past two years, what would you say to tell them or reassure them that what happened two years ago is not going to happen again?
Reed Hastings: Stocks go up and down, our stock has been so volatile. I mean a year ago we were at $80 now we're over $200. Five years ago we were at $30, we went public at $7.50. So the general trend is quite positive but there are a lot of ups and downs. And it's been a very volatile stock because we're growing so aggressively. We're choosing a business strategy which has a split essentially all of our domestic profits into international expansion. And that's the right move, but it definitely takes a strong stomach on the part of investors.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: So, Reed, really following up on that international point. What is the strategy? I mean do you want to essentially grab as much market share over the next five years as you can without regard to profitability or do you think you are actually going to start showing meaningful international profitability before going to too many more markets?
Reed Hastings: Now what I said is the statements we have put in the long term letter, which is we are investing substantially all domestic profits in international expansion. And we think that's very smart. If you look at our international growth, it's tremendous. We think there is a huge opportunity around the internet in the international markets and we're investing for the long term in that. And I think we've been very clear in that for almost three years now.
David Wells: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that, Rich, is that we have demonstrated good progression in terms of operating losses, reductions in international. We're 25% down year-over-year and we're very pleased, as Reed said, with the growth in those international markets. So it's more about the progression of our existing markets and the path we're on than it is about an overall line.
Ted Sarandos: If I could also add too, the success we're seeing with our original programming we're seeing in throughout our international markets as well. That proportionally to our sub base, our subs overseas are excited about these shows roughly the same level as they are in the U.S.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Shifting gears over to your license content spending. With two of the last three DreamWorks Animation films disappointing at the Box Office, underperforming DreamWorks Animations average. Do you have an [out] of the big deal that you announced with DreamWorks Animation.
Ted Sarandos: I am sorry Julia, you're talking about the series deal or the film output.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: The series deal and the -- I mean the larger deals.
Ted Sarandos: Look I am very comfortable with DreamWorks performance at the Box Office even this weekend. Yes, Turbo opened a little soft but it came out with CinemaScore ratings of A, with very good word of mouth. Likely to hold up -- likely to continue to expand the box office. Cruise was a nice a little hit actually at the end of day for DreamWorks. And there is a rate card that regulates the fee for those shows relative to their box office performance. So we're thrilled with DreamWorks and the performance of their films and the quality of their films. And they translate to very high viewing on Netflix, even in movies that don't perform as well at the box office.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: But the fact that Turbo has been such a box office disappointment, specially compared to all the other DreamWorks animation movies, doesn't that diminish the value of that DreamWorks animation content on your platform? You said that it would be a game changer, that this additional content is a game changer. Doesn't this diminish that?
Ted Sarandos: Julie, if it does, its reflected in the rate card. So the rate card adjusts up and down with the performance of the films. And as far as the series deal is concerned, these are very iconic characters that tend to last a long time, way beyond opening weekend performance. Our series will launch post the DVD release of these films so they get a whole second wave of marketing out of them too.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: I am sorry, go ahead Rich.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: I was going to just say, Ted, when you buy content, do you see a point where youre going to be buying globally versus having to buy in the U.S., buying in the UK, in every single market? When can you scale buy globally?
Ted Sarandos: Well, increasingly all of our original deals we're doing globally. We have been doing all of our independent, non-studio deals globally. And we're doing a much more multi-territory licensing as well. So, sometimes global plays out to our favor, and sometimes you don't really achieve the scale of it. So right now we're trying to weigh through that and see where we can pick up global efficiencies.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: Can you give us an example of where youre seeing the benefit?
Reed Hastings: Rich, even when we're global, for example in Asia where we're not currently, well generally sell off the rights there. So even when you talk about global, if not exploiting it globally, it's really multi-regional.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Moving on to -- quickly before we move on to original programming spending, can you tell us how many subscribers quit Netflix after you chose not to renew Dora the Explorer and the other Viacom content? David Wells
Ted Sarandos: You saw it in the net adds. We grew.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: So moving on to the original programming spending, Netflix and Reed often draw the comparison to HBO. But unlike HBO, Netflix does not own the content. It doesnt profit from licensing it to other outlets. It also doesn't have exclusive rights. For instance House of Cards you can buy elsewhere, though Netflix does have the streaming rights. How do you justify reinforcing this parallel to HBO when HBO does have a different business model?
Ted Sarandos: Julie most original programming originates in this way, which is you want to hedge your bets a little bit on building the confidence and building up before you build out the infrastructure. So you step in and do more licensing deals, which is how Showtime does most of their deals, which is how HBO did in their earliest days, how AMC did in their earliest expansions. So this is not unusual at all. And the more confidence we build, the more likely we are to take a full ownership stake and to take -- and to build out more infrastructure around it.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: So, does that mean --
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: Starting to? Have you started to build out infrastructure that is?
Ted Sarandos: Well, we are managing a broader set of rights today than we used to for sure.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Does that mean --
Reed Hastings: Sorry. It's Reed here. Think of it as a broad expansion, which is HBO has a lot of licensed content, for example all the movies. So it's only the originals and only some of their originals that they own. It's natural for us to grow into that over the next couple of years. So it's part of our long-term view.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: So do you have specific plans to move into full ownership in the near term?
Reed Hastings: Absolutely. It's something we're looking at and there are so many gradations between what full ownership is in every territory. But think of it as over time well do more and more of that and the content will be more and more exclusive to Netflix. But while we were getting started, it was really smart for us to work with Media Rights Capital and Lionsgate and others to be able to leverage their skills and competencies.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: Reed, do you think that you have a structural advantage in creating original programming versus your peers, whether that's the releasing pattern, whether it's the data, or whether it's the fact that you're commercial free?
Reed Hastings: We have some advantage in creating it, but I think the biggest advantage we have is in matching with the content and distributing it, essentially monetizing the content. And you can see that with the breadth of our success. So, one view of our four for four and are starting our five for five, if you include Lillehammer is Ted's God's gift to programming. And I think that's probably true. But the second part of it is also that we've got this online performance matching where the content is selectively promoted to each subscriber appropriately and that helps tremendously. And it's not really important for us to tease apart which is more true. We want both excellent, excellent programming and we want to do amazing promotion and we get stronger from that without worrying too much about which side is contributing more or less. You do see that Ted has an Emmy next to him in the frame, and it's got a little story for you in that.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. The Emmy we brought along today. I think it's a great example of Netflix to strive to be excellent as both a technology company and an entertainment company. And fitting to that, this Emmy was actually awarded to Netflix on the technology side last year for the advancement of television. And so actually the first Emmy came from the tech side of Netflix.
Rich Greenfield - BTIG: But I guess I don't understand, how do you define a hit? You said Ted's five for five, Reed. How do you know Ted's five for five?
Reed Hastings: Well. The easy one is, a hit is something we want to renew. And, thus, five for five is we want to renew because the economics for us are good.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: A question about your content cost, just to follow-up on that. How do you know you want to renew it? Is it the percentage of your subscribers who are watching? Is it subscriber bump (inaudible) slightly inflated. So how you know that you want to renew?
David Wells: Relative to how else we would have spent the money. Relative to spending it on license content, did we get an increase in viewership, did we get an increase in some of the intangibles like brand halo publicity, and the bring the brand more in focus with our consumers. So, relative to how else we would have spend the money on other programming, we think it was a big hit. And by the way without giving total, without giving ratings numbers, I would tell you every one of these shows are drawing TV size audiences. So you know that House of Cards is a hit because when you walk in to Starbucks people are talking about it. You know when the show is being spoofed at the White House Correspondents' Dinner and 3,000 people are laughing at the slightest references to the show, you know that people are watching it and you know people are talking about it. So without the precision of a number, you know that these shows are hit too.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Okay. Well we're going to keep on asking for a number and it's (inaudible) you will give one to me.
David Wells: Fair enough.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: So a question about content cost. Seemingly every network, cable, and broadcast and all of these new digital channels, are all spending aggressively on original programming. Doesn't that threaten to drive your content costs spiraling higher and what kind of threat is that to you margins?
David Wells: How would it drive them higher?
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: If there are so many people competing for content. There are new buyers for content.
Ted Sarandos: (Inaudible) over license content.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: (Inaudible) Yeah.
Ted Sarandos: With so many people producing original programming, it creates a lot of competition in the market for license programming in their season after model. And in terms of competing for original programming, I am much more comfortable, to Rich's earlier question, around some of our structural advantage about not having to have a bunch, a lot of performance pressure on a show on its first week, which actually drives the ability for consumers to find the show overtime before we have to pull the plug on it, the way many other broadcasters force do in your television.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: But to raise the question about competition you have Amazon which is investing $1 billion in licensing content. You have Hulu which has got $750 million from its parent companies to spend on content. The influx of all this cash for content both licensed and original, doesn't that threaten to push up prices?
David Wells: Yeah, maybe. And I could tell you that in the more exclusive deals that we've been negotiating, the one thing that's nice about that is you get to know what the walk away prices are. And I can tell you in everyone of those cases we've been comfortable at the prices we walked away from and comfortable at that level -- at the pricing that our competitors are paying for that content. So, yeah, there is definitely some competition in the marketplace which does raise the prices, which is good for the producers and eventually good for consumers too.
Reed Hastings: I'll add to that, that it's great for content owners and it's great for creators. That there is renaissance particularly in serialized TV. So on one hand, it's top on us that Amazon and Hulu and others are bidding. But there are so many great stories to be told that it's exciting. And if the prices are going to go up, than we as one of the major scale players have a big advantage. And so, it's good for the creators, it's acceptable for us and we're seeing this total renaissance in television. Unfortunately, I have to tell you we're down about two minutes left. I did set this up as a 30 minute view. If it's very successful and investors like it, we will try to do a longer session next time. But let me hand it back to you for the closing two minutes.
Julia Boorstin - CNBC: Okay. I hate to say it. We were emailed so many questions by investors and analysts, I wish we had a little bit more time. But I'm going to ask a quick question about competition. You mentioned Amazon and Hulu, both of them are stepping up their investment spending. What kind of threat do they pose to you in the next, I would say starting in 2014 once we start seeing impact of that?
Reed Hastings: Well, we don't really know. We always take them very seriously. They're very successful. But if you look at Showtime in HBO, when Showtime does great work it doesn't take away from HBO. And we think that Hulu and Amazon will do great originals, it will grow the whole internet TV market. And then what controls our destiny is, do we do great programming? Do we have a great user interface? Do we have incredible streaming? And so we really just focus on maximizing that opportunity by making our service the best it can be.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: We were just talking about incredible streaming quality, but the issue really is most of your viewing occurs on fixed line connections because that's where the quality of the experience is good. International -- Im sorry, wireless isn't that good. Do you think that over the next few years we're going to see a sea change in the wireless industry? Softbanks Masayoshi Son is putting a tremendous amount of capital just buying Sprint. Do you think you're going to see a big shift in your business towards wireless over the next few years?
Reed Hastings: Think a bit like tablets. As tablets have come about theyve been a growing proportion of our viewing and that helps the ecosystem. Better and cheaper connectivity, more competition for broadband, that's all very positive. But these are gradual multi-year effects. Five or 10 years from now consumers will have incredible devices, incredible broadband at low prices and that's very favorable in the long-term. But I don't think it's a short term catalyst.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: Is tablets even 5% of your viewing today?
Reed Hastings: We don't disclose the specifics.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Reed, a question about the business that you are starting off with, DVDs. Many investors have pointed out that you seem to be allowing your DVD business to atrophy. Do you plan to shut down that legacy DVD business?
Reed Hastings: No. We've got over 7 million members who love the service. It's got incredible selection, every movie and TV show ever made. So it's got a great part of the value equation for over 7 million members and that will go on for a very long time.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: Reed, one last content question.
Reed Hastings: Go ahead.
Rich Greenfield  BTIG: One last content question. Weve got it from a lot of people. You've gone into original TV series. A lot of people are asking would you go into the movie business and create movies? Would you create talk shows in the evening like a Jay Leno type show? Would you do a news program like the evening news that people could watch for 24 hours on the subscription service? Like what other content makes sense for Netflix?
Ted Sarandos: Rich, in the letter we mentioned that we're going to expand in the coming months into original standup comedy specials and documentaries that will premiere on Netflix to be exclusive to Netflix. There is no reason we wouldn't do some of those other -- those things that you've listed, including movies. If we can bring too it something like we did with original series, change the distribution model in the favor of the consumers with things like launching the whole season at one time and things that give us advantages over other forms of distribution.
Reed Hastings: If you look at HBO and Showtime, they also do quite a bit of sports programming and live sports. So theyre basically in the membership happiness business. Now, we don't anticipate getting that far from our core brand, but it's a very flexible relationship, where we can have lots of types of content over the next 5 or 10 years if it makes our subscribers happy. We're fundamentally in the membership happiness business as opposed to in the TV show business. And so we do have a lot of flexibility. But in the next -- in the short term we're focused on learning this craft bit by bit and having our current shows be wildly successful.
Julia Boorstin  CNBC: Can you tell us how many more originals you plan to launch over the next two years and how much you plan to spend on them?
Reed Hastings: Not, precisely but we can say we're continuing to expand that. And it's a great wrap-up question. I want to thank all our investors for participating in this. We look forward to your feedback on the format. And we'll try to just keep on improving it to make it efficient and effective for all of you. Thank you very much.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-22 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Kasenchak - Director, IR Reed Hastings - Chief Executive Officer David Wells - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Youssef Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald Carlos Kirjner - Sanford Bernstein Mark Mahaney - RBC Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Richard Greenfield - BTIG Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray John Blackledge - Cowen & Co. Doug Anmuth - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Netflix First Quarter 2013 Earnings Q&A Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Erin Kasenchak, Director of IR. Please go ahead
Erin Kasenchak: Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix first quarter 2013 earnings Q&A session. Im joined by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the first quarter at approximately 1 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q1 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are also available at the companys Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to ir@netflix.com. After e-mail Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines for additional questions not covered by the e-mail Q&A or letter and the dial-in number is written within our investor letter. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 1, 2013. A replay of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific Time today. Now, lets move into questions.
Erin Kasenchak: As is our standard practice, weve organized the questions by topics as weve received them this afternoon. The first question is in regard to domestic streaming. How do you think about the risk in allowing domestic streaming margins to rise too high quickly, example enticing more competition or under investing in future growth?
David Wells: Hi. This is David Wells, the CFO. Well, we think that, with our growth, we are able to do both, and we dont think that we are raising margins very quickly, so we are taking a measured approach and with the growth we are able to do both.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Do you believe you can maintain domestic streaming marketing costs in 2013 flat with 2012?
Reed Hastings: We will take that, its Reed here, well take that quarter-by-quarter, but as our reputation improves from the service improvements we are making and we get great PR around the original content, then that is what gives us a larger presence despite steady paid marketing spend.
Erin Kasenchak: Do you see direct correlation between the time and consumer spends using Netflix daily or monthly and their propensity to churn?
David Wells: Yeah. We do. We said this before, and it still holds that the more a subscriber watches, the better they retain in the service.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. When you think about drawing your domestic subscriber base, how do you prioritize, one, reaching first-time streaming subscribers; two, finding a way to bring back consumers who have tried the service before and left; or, three, reducing churn to maintain your current subscriber base. Have you seen any notable changes in these three groups over the past several months, if so, why?
Reed Hastings: Well, lets see, in the rejoin case, most of what we do is improving our service, so that it works better for them. And so, someone who is rejoining wants to hear about the contents gotten better or the device-based streaming is better, or the iPhone interface is better depending on the reason that they cancelled. In terms -- and you cant move a rejoin very much with paid marketing, because they have a pretty firm idea of what Netflix is. You move someone and rejoin because you can change, if you claim the benefit that they didnt perceive before by those examples that I had. With new member marketing, they have a more hazy idea of what Netflix is, and so paid advertising can have a bigger impact in changing their perception to be something that they are interested in trying for free. And so, when we advertise, we think of it mainly as this great service applying to new members. But of course, there is a spillover benefit to existing members that are still on the service and to rejoin, but the fundamental of it is to never join.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Another question as it relates to marketing. Your marketing campaign has evolved pretty dramatically over the past year as we have illustrated. Could you discuss why youre taking brand marketing and commercial so much more seriously?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think weve always taken it seriously and our demographics have evolved. And so, our advertising evolves as we become more streaming instead of hybrid and as we get bigger. So I think its a natural outcome as well as just great execution.
Erin Kasenchak: How do you think about shared accounts? It grows your brand, yet it is revenue loss. How do you think about the need or importance of cracking down on shared accounts?
Reed Hastings: It depends what you mean by shared accounts. We usually like to think that a husband and wife can share an account, and thats perfectly appropriate and acceptable. If you mean, hey I got my password from my boyfriends uncle, then thats not what we would consider appropriate. And so, we focus on serving the immediate family. Weve got -- our standard plan has two simultaneous streams, and that serves the vast majority of families around the world quite well. There are a few times when the family of large that two streams doesnt work, and so were now offering or will be offering shortly a four-stream option for about 50% uplift. But again as we said, we expect a fewer than 1% of our members to take that plan. So the core focus is on the immediate family, and we really dont think that there is much going on of the -- I'm going to share my password with marginal acquaintance.
Erin Kasenchak: What do you see the realistic TAM for Netflix? If you look at other premium networks, they tend to peak out at about 30 million subscribers. If you get to that point, where your net ads start to slow down, would you put in place price increases, especially since HBO retails for $15 and you only charge $8?
Reed Hastings: Well, first we started streaming at $7.99 three years ago when we introduced the streaming plan. Weve kept the same price for the last three years. We are very happy with that price. Weve improved the content significantly, improved the devices, and weve kept the same price, $7.99, and thats provided us a lot of growth. So, I dont see any changes in the near term coming in that. Second, in terms of the total available market, weve generally described it as best we can as two to three times that of HBO linear. HBO linear is at about 30 million and our best guess is that market for service like Netflix, because its less expensive than HBO, it has got more content. Its all on demand. Its personalized. Its on multiple devices. Its somewhere in the two to three times HBO or 60 to 90 million, and well really only know that with any confidence when we get there.
Erin Kasenchak: What was the biggest driver of domestic streaming subscriber upside in Q1, higher growth additions or lower churn versus your internal projection?
Reed Hastings: Well, we dont really talk about the individual. I would say that weve gone to great lengths to raise the content and the quality of the content on the site. And Id say that was the biggest driver in Q1 overall. More people really engaged in the site and with the content.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Moving onto questions about content, based on the greater than $4 billion streaming hours reported by Netflix in Q1 2013, we estimate the average Netflix subscriber is streaming 87 minutes of content per day. However, when we analyzed [Sand Wine] (ph) data related to overall bandwidth consumption, we have noticed a dramatic difference between the mean and median, but the median only one-third of the mean. Is Netflixs median monthly streaming dramatically skewed from the mean?
Reed Hastings: No. Median typically is less than the average because of the heavy users, but its not dramatic.
Erin Kasenchak: Have there been any notable changes in third-party content negotiations since you became more active with original?
Reed Hastings: No. I would say the only thing thats noticeably changed in the last 12 months is Hulu and Amazon bidding more aggressively, and that thats made content owners much happier and has made the prices to us higher than they would otherwise be.
Erin Kasenchak: How many users access Nickelodeon and MTV content monthly?
Reed Hastings: Well, Im not sure. We dont look at it that way of how many users, but its been part of our service for the last two or three years. And as we stated in the letter, we have some bids in on particular shows, and so we will see how that works out.
Erin Kasenchak: Also, on the Viacom relationship, as you moved from a global licensing deal with Viacom to one covering specific titles, can you provide some color on the magnitude of impact this could have on the money you spend licensing domestic content from Viacom?
Reed Hastings: Well, I dont think you will see any change. You are not going to see any blip in what we spend or in contribution margin, for example in Q3.
David Wells: I would say that the content -- our content acquisition has already factored in, what may or may not happen, and weve got things in the wings that we can add. So you will continue to see us invest in content.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Lets move on to questions about originals. Why wouldnt we expect Arrested Development to drive significantly higher net additions in Q2? The guidance implies rather modest sequential gains.
Reed Hastings: If in Q1, we had seen, for example, the week before House of Cards launched and the week after of the Spike, I think then we would be forecasting bigger numbers around particular titles like Arrested Development. But what weve seen with House of Cards is a very nice impact but a gentle impact, not one thats an overnight impact. And Arrested Developments coming in at the end of May, and so its going to be great for us, but its not a step function where on that day, weve had no evidence or no history of it being a step function. So we are comfortable with the projection being our median probability.
Erin Kasenchak: Releasing all episodes of House of Cards, Hemlock Grove and soon to be released Arrested Developments clearly puts the consumer first, yet the social media buzz appears to die off very quickly. In contrast, when you look at TV series, especially HBO and Showtime, which it appears Netflix is trying to emulate social media buzz benefits notably from the weekly release of a new episode. Why are you so confident in your all-at-once releasing strategy?
Reed Hastings: Well, I would put the buzz on House of Cards, and I think we are going to see that with Hemlock. As we mentioned in the letter, Hemlock viewing has been fantastic for us and as fantastic as the House of Cards is, Hemlock is getting viewed by even more subscribers in its first couple of days in opening weekend than House of Cards. So we are feeling very good about our original strategy including the release strategy of being focused on all episodes at once.
Erin Kasenchak: Next, there are several questions about how to gauge the success of House of Cards? Would we share any metrics like what percentage of the base watched one or more episodes, how viewership of House of Cards compared to other top shows on Netflix? And if not, how do we convince someone that it was a good investment?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think, when you look at Netflix you get to invest in Netflix, not in particular shows. So, what an investor cares about is that Netflix is a good investment as opposed to say House of Cards. And then individual marketing programs, individual shows, individual regions are really what we have to do as management in terms of making good tradeoffs to make Netflix more valuable overall. And on that basis, we are feeling very excited about what happened with House of Cards and with Hemlock, whats coming with Arrested Development and Orange Is the New Black. And I think over this year with continuing rollout of these original shows, you are going to see a very nice redefinition and broadening of what Netflix is to our members. But it is something we will take a step at a time. As we mentioned, our total P&L spending on originals is still single digits, it will still be single digits next year, so its growing, but it is still relatively modest part of our total content then.
Erin Kasenchak: House of Cards is available for pre order on Amazon.com, can you explain where your rights for the show stand in relation to sales of the show on DVD and Blu-ray, do you receive a cut for each one sold, and if so, how much?
Reed Hastings: We are not going to comment on the specifics, each deal for original is a little bit different, MRC developed House of Cards, and we were the first window licenser in certain territories, and then they have the other rights with certain hold backs. And so, occasionally youll see something where the DVDs out earlier than you might otherwise expect.
Erin Kasenchak: With House of Cards you promoted the show in a very visibile way when people logged into their Netflix account? Should we expect ongoing Hemlock Grove promotion in the same way?
Reed Hastings: Only if your demographic profile and what youve been watching includes things like Vampire Diaries and such shows, because what we do is match it to the person and to their viewing history or someone in your household is watching that, so we try to be very good about matching the right promotion to the right person.
Erin Kasenchak: Looking over the next few years, how many original series do you believe you would willing or able to produce?
Reed Hastings: Well, well start this year with just our six or seven seasons, and then well take that up a little bit next year, and then well see as we go in terms of what we learn, what experience, so there is no set number we are trying to target, and it will depend upon the results that we see.
Erin Kasenchak: How do your originals perform in international region versus the U.S.?
Reed Hastings: Well, weve only got three so far Lillehammer, House of Cards and Hemlock. And I would say each one is unique in its territory. So we do program for these being good internationally and some of them have been really big hit and you may have notice that with Hemlock we did one of the first premiers for it, premier party in Mexico City. So thats indication that we really focus on the global attractiveness of the content.
Erin Kasenchak: Regarding the expensing of original content such as House of Cards, over how many month, quarter, years, does Netflix anticipate amortizing a cost of the content, that is what is the expected life of original content, also does original content generally carry a longer useful life relative to other purchased content?
Reed Hastings: It doesnt generally carry from an amortization period longer than other content. We could discuss whether not the actual useful life of that content might be longer, but we dont have any history, so were little bit conservative at this point and the typical license period or typical amortization period is over -- straight line over the license period.
Erin Kasenchak: Looking at the costs produce very high quality content like House of Cards. Do you think that cost will increase, decrease or stay about the same overtime?
Reed Hastings: Im not sure, it hasnt move dramatically despite digital film making and if any thing the scale of distribution drives both movie production cost per hour and television cost per hour up because the value of great product with a large distribution channel has increased, and that effect has over overwhelmed what some people thought well bring down the cost a lot of production through a digital film making techniques.
Erin Kasenchak: With the success of House of Cards and your growing stable of originals has movie became a less strategic assets in Netflix?
Reed Hastings: Sure hope so given -- sure hope not given how much weve signed up to spend with Disney and we very much our investors in the movie franchise both in the U.S. and around the world and big believers in the role of movies on a service.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Lets turn to question on competition. Amazon has clearly bid up some popular title, are you seeing them be highly competitive in most of your negotiation or they just stepping up for select content?
Reed Hastings: It varies quite a bit by region and by type of content, but certainly all the sellers of content want to have many active bidders, so they are approaching everybody Redbox, Google, the cable networks to try to get bid to be competitive.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Lets turn the question on international. Do have a set reinvestment plan for international growth, meaning is there percent of cash flow generated domestically that you will invest annually into international. Do you envision continuing to add new overseas market ahead of getting the entire international business to profitability? Meaning should we expect overall international losses to continue for years to come in aggregate?
David Wells: Well, weve said in past that whats our -- been our approach with international that well take a measured approach dated by global profitability and our overall confidence in the growth of the existing market that we have today and that hasnt changed. So, I think, it is safe to say that you will see another couple of years of international losses as those markets mature and grow towards profitability, and as we launch additional markets. And as for going forward, we will continue to take that measured approach. We will have to gain confidence in the new markets as we address new opportunities and go from there.
Erin Kasenchak: Sort of a follow up, any update on the profitability timeline for individual international markets like Latin America or U.K. specifically?
David Wells: We dont give specifics. Weve given some directions in the past in terms of those markets being competitive and taking longer than Canada and Id say thats the lag here.
Reed Hastings: And we said specifically that all of the markets are growing and thats we are profitable in Canada.
Erin Kasenchak: Would consider setting down the higher loss territories like Latin America?
David Wells: Well, we are still making very good progress. Again, we said that we are growing and we are reducing losses in those markets. We are not losing out to any competitors and so if we get into a situation where we thought we are losing to competition we have to consider that but thats not where we see ourselves today.
Reed Hastings: So the simple answer is, no, we wouldnt.
Erin Kasenchak: Should we model the initial spend for the European launch to be comparable to other international launches, will this be Q3 or Q4?
Reed Hastings: We said second half, well stick with that articulation and sure, you could model at about like other launches.
Erin Kasenchak: Turning to a few questions on DVD, do you believe that you have less visibility into the subscriber and revenue elements of DVD business? Is that the factor in reducing the guidance disclosure?
David Wells: No. We dont, in fact, we probably have more visibility into that and we did say year to 18 months ago. The reason we dropped the guidance was because profit is what matters and that really is the only thing that matters at this point. Well continue to report subscribers and revenue, but well only give guidance on the profit.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Have youve been able to relatively maintain -- you have been able to relatively maintain strong DVD contribution margins even with declining subscriber level. At what level of DVD sub would that ability to leverage fixed costs breakdown and lead to a meaningful step down in overall profit margins?
David Wells: Well, we took the DVD business profitable at around million subscribers and given that weve got a large investment in equipment that we wont have to continue to invest in our content library and our DVD content library, we feel pretty good about our ability to maintain those margins going forward.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Lets turn to some questions on product improvement. ISPs up here increasingly open to the idea of offering promotions incorporating Netflix as a benefit to their own subscribers for paying us the premium service higher speed tiers, how do you think about this opportunity?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think, ISP business is turning out to be extremely profitable because ISPs dont have content costs and if they can get their customers to purchase higher bandwidth packages that almost pure additional margin for the ISP. And one of the major reasons that our customer might do a higher bandwidth package is to use video from us, from Google, from Amazon and others. And so the more that our network integration is highly effective that they are integrated with Open Connect then more their customers will actually get the benefit of our faster less mile. So there is a nice synergy there us together providing a better and better experience for their end-users.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. A question social. While you succeeded in wining a change in DPPA there does not appear to be a meaningful amount of Netflix subscribers choosing to share their streaming activity within their friends on Facebook. Do you think consumers simply are not interested in being that open with their social network?
Reed Hastings: I think it will evolve overtime, the core focus right now is not so much sharing on Facebook the viewing history, in fact thats not the default, the default is that it shared within the Netflix interface, so if you get the permission, the default permissions, you and your friend share within the Netflix user interface, what your friends are viewing and get ideas but not in the Facebook ticker and feed?
Erin Kasenchak: How does the profile feature work for household with the Netflix subscription. And what was the early response from the testing?
Reed Hastings: Its been positive. The key use case is between kids and parents. Right now, parents will say that the experience is suboptimal because the kids viewing is also their profile. And the kids similarly dont necessarily want to see what their parents are viewing. So thats the biggest use case. And so it will be really be targeted at families.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Lets look at a few questions on financials. Could the company please quantify its off balance sheet content liability, specifically interested in those the total amount of obligation is outstanding, as well as the amount currently outstanding that is not on the balance sheet.
Reed Hastings: So Ill answer this in total to because usually how we get this question. We had $5.6 billion liability -- $5.6 billion in commitment as of the end of December. That moved to $5.7 billion in commitments as of the end of March, $2.4 billion being part of liabilities on the balance sheet and $3.3 bill not on the balance sheet.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Do you believe the company can fund its liabilities without an additional debt raise. Would you consider raising capital given the low-rate environment?
Reed Hastings: Well, we just did raise capitals. So yeah, we would consider it. And I would say that we are fine on capital at this point.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. You had anticipated that free cash flow in the quarter would be more negative than the prior quarter. And it ended up more favorable than the prior quarter. You acquired less than $600 million of streaming content this quarter less than your quarterly run rate last year despite the payment for House Of Cards. For any content acquisitions deferred to the June quarter, is this a good run rate for content acquisition or was it a low quarter?
Reed Hastings: So no content payments were deferred. I would say that we anticipated a bunch of small items stocking on each other in the first quarter that didnt happen. So well be less lumpy than we previously anticipated. And then the second part of that question was
Erin Kasenchak: Is this a good run-rate for content acquisitions?
Reed Hastings: Im not sure how to answer a good run rate on content acquisition. I would say that we continue to expand our content. And youll see that expansion has declined over the last year and two years. So the rate of expansion has started to slow but well continue to invest in content.
Erin Kasenchak: What was your effective Q1 tax rate? Whats the tax rate that we should use for the second quarter and the balance of the year?
Reed Hastings: The balance of the year should be between 34% and 35%. We had a very strange tax rate in the first quarter. Because of the retroactive reinstatement after Federal R&D tax credit. So I think it was over 100% in terms of, sort of, strange rate. But that will flip back to us, sort of, normal rate going forward.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. At this time, Id like to turn the call over to the operator and began taking questions from the phone.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Youssef Squali from Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Youssef Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Thank you very much. Just couple of questions, please. You guys spent a little more on DVD content this quarter than we were expecting and you also lost a fewer DVD subscribes than we thought. So was there a correlation between the two. Im assuming there was but we got something that you guys are now kind of baking into your business going forward. And second, can you extend on the profile function -- profile function, you guy spoke about in the letter. Vendors that launch and what efforts would -- what effects would you like to see from it?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, its Reed. Ill hit the profile. It will be sometime this year. And if not second with effect to financials, its example. One more product feature thats useful. But there is -- nothing going to be nothing material to affect the business about it off itself.
David Wells: And then Youssef, this is David. On your DVD context question, I wouldnt draw a direct correlation. The first quarter is always the high-release quarter from new releases. And typically, it depends on the release dates with studios in terms of what they put out. And we sort of set those amounts well ahead of the quarter. And so I wouldnt draw direct correlation. I would say that in general, we were pleased as well that DVD subscribers declined at a slower rate than we anticipated and we continued to work hard to make sure that those folks who continued to choose physical have a very good service.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlos Kirjner from Sanford Bernstein. Your line is open.
Carlos Kirjner - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you. Have you deployed Open Connect to major domestic ISPs such as Comcast and on a cable, charger and if not, why do you think thats the case and how do you describe that, which are of view that Netflix is good for them because it helps them differentiate their offer? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Carlos, Im not going to comment on the specific deals but we are making progress with ISPs. We started mostly in Europe first because we were just ramping, so that helped with the capacity we could handle the capacity and weve got the majority, or the vast majority of Europe traffic is now in Open Connect and growing percentage of that traffic is in United States. We certainly think that over the next year or two, we will be able to work with all the major ISPs to get the benefits to both of us and Open Connect.
Carlos Kirjner - Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from RBC. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC: Great. Thanks. On the new customers to domestic streaming customers, is there anything you can tell about their usage patterns versus customers you brought in the past that they seem to be consuming content similarly to similar cohorts in the past? And in terms of international marketing costs, is there a way to strip out the new country launch cost from the other marketing costs? Once if you take those out, is it that international marketing costs are kind of a steady ramp, is there something to suggest that they could flat line or is that way too early in each of those countries experienced for that to happen? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Mark, on the domestic side, the new members were performing consistent with the historical trends, which is weve steadily been able to increase viewing as the content and product improves. And so P1s today are little better in usage than P1s a year ago, that kind of things. And then second on the international marketing, yeah, there is a launch marketing and then a run rate marketing just as you would expect. But since weve got and you will see that a little bit when we have launched quarters, you will see the marketing be larger than you might otherwise have thought.
David Wells: Its a little too early to tell if that run rate marketing is going to go up down or flat. I would say flat is a safe assumption at this point.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Thanks. You were talking in the shareholder letter about a decline in your willingness to pay for non-exclusive, bulk deals. And now you have an increasingly diverse content portfolio between TV movie kids and originals and your sub base is much larger than competitor. So, theoretically, you would think that you have the ability to amortize the content that you spend over a larger base of sub. You mentioned earlier in the call that its not been the case yet that youve been able to get favorable negotiations based on this diversity of content now. I just wonder if you can talk a little bit about the future to the extent that that could change over time. And then secondly on an associated topic. Ted has been quoted recently in the media discussing extending the original portfolios of levels of north of 20 per year, which is quite a bit higher than where you are now. Im just wondering if you could clarify that comment to the extent that you think this 20 plus is a reasonable level and if so what type of timeframe of getting there? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: Starting on the second part, it all depends on the timeframes. So in the next two years, it modestly increases if that it will widely successful for us as the first three shows have been, we could continue to expand to 20 or north. But that would be dependent on all of the -- what happens rest of this year. What we dont want to do is on the back of three shows, one of which has only been out for four days suddenly take our commitments up to that kind of 20 plus level. So thats in a longer term and I think its appropriately ambitious. In terms to the first question, I think we are focused on moving towards more and more exclusive content, which reinforces a reason to join Netflix, a reason to subscribe to the degree the content not exclusive and its on cable and on other services than it might be pleasant to watch on Netflix. But its not really reinforce of why stay with Netflix or reinforce what you would loss if you were not on Netflix. And so weve been, I think, over the last two or three years evolving towards more and more exclusivity in that content.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Greenfield from BTIG. Your line is open.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG: Hi. Could you give us more info on kind of why the Open Connect initiative is so positive for Netflix? And then, just kind of tied to that, cable operators that showing you like within their actual commercials now in marketing you in their mailers, is there a way that they could basically promote Netflix or give away Netflix or passthrough cost of Netflix, the way they do and give like each six or 12 months of HBO or Showtime, how could that work, and is that something we might see in the next year?
Reed Hastings: See Open Connect is one of our investment to improve the Netflix member experience, long form content has some unique aspects that you can tailor at low costs on the CDN it do not also serving short form content like the general commercial CDNs are optimized for. But in this scheme I think its pretty modest relative to our P&L, its not particularly significant. In terms of the second question which is kind of commercial integration with ISPs and broadband. We havent seen a lot that is particularly effective. Weve seen somethings where some companies will purchase gift certificates for Netflix and then advertise that if a person signs up for service or buy the device, they also get three or six months of Netflix which is a gift certificate that they bought. And some of those are working quite well. But I doubt that you will see anything in the way that you typically would have seen for HBO or Showtime marketing with cable where you get those up big free period in exchange for signing up. The business model we have now works very well for us and since its working very well we are more likely just to focus on executing it extremely well rather than making it say more complicated with those types of interaction.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks. I was -- if you could give us a sense even if it just sort of high level what share of the current subscriber base you feel like will be impacted or interested in the multi-tier subscriber or multi-stream subscription plan in order to -- would need those in order to maintain their current level of usage?
Reed Hastings: Do you mean the four out 1199 plan Heath?
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Right. Right.
Reed Hastings: Less than 1% of our members.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Hey. Good afternoon. It looks like originals are having success out of the gate and as your library of exclusive content grows? You could argue that subs will perceive higher value in the subscription. So under that assumption as we get further from the PR issues over a couple years ago, will you look more seriously tweaking up pricing?
David Wells: I think we are pretty clear in our letter about that.
Reed Hastings: So we are pretty happy with current $7.99 price.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from John Blackledge with Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
John Blackledge - Cowen & Co.: Great. Thank you. Two questions. If you could just provide an update on the brand, is it recovering more quickly than you anticipated since the brand hit following the split of the streaming and DVD service in 2011? And then secondly, the 2Q 13 you assuming net add guidance at the midpoint is bit above 2Q 12 net adds. So that appears moderately more positive than commentary from the 4Q '12 letter which suggested 2Q ' 13 net ads will be below our 2Q.12 levels. So, was original programming Im driving moderately better guidance or are there other factors involved? Thanks.
David Wells: John, I think the second part of that question which is our 2Q net ads guidance. I would say that ordinarily we would expect because of seasonality to have a lower Q2 than prior year but weve seen a lot of improvements. We talked about that in the letter. Weve seen a lot of improvements in our product, in our content and the interface and in the brand recovery. And I think those are carrying through. So we're anticipating being slightly up year-over-year. And Ill let Reed comment for the brand recovery as to whether thats a head on tracker about as expected.
Reed Hastings: And on the guidance, we have arrested development in the end of May, which will be in absolutely spectacular phenomenon, where we've got an established brand. Thats a cult favorite and off the air for seven years. And Mitch Hurwitz and the cast have done just a remark able job. So were likely to have that again in Q2 a year from now. And I think well return to the seasonal pattern where Q2 is less than the prior year In terms of brand recovery, its been just as we had hoped and thought and expected, which is sort of over three years, where you get the bulk of that in the first part and were making steady progress and well continue to work hard to make steady progress going forward.
John Blackledge - Cowen & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask two things, first how do you compare Netflix's ability to curate and influence original content relative to other pay TV networks. How important is that to producers when youre talking to them about originals? And do you think thats an area where you would expect Netflix to bulk up in order to work more closely with creators on content. And then secondly just a question on mobile. Any color on a percentage of usage coming from tablets and smartphones? Do you think there's any chance here going forward that we could see mobile smooth out some of the seasonality that you typically see during the summer months? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: In terms of mobile and tablets, its continuing to grow whether it smooth outs seasonality, Im not sure. Most of the quote mobile use is on Wi-Fi. Its sort of home use and rather than over to say, the networks which have fairly low data cap. And then, what was the first part? How we work while we are up? With producers, yeah, we are getting I think more sophisticated in terms of working with producers and the creative community. I think weve got a great start, what weve done obviously and we well continue to learn as we do more. And as we bring great success to the creators then certainly that increases our reputation in the creative community.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Thats all the time we have for questions today. Reed, would you like to me some closing remarks?
Reed Hastings: Thank you all for your support. And I hope everyone gets a chance to see Hemlock Grove.
Reed Hastings: Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in todays program. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 18:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ellie Mertz  Vice President-Finance and Investor Relations Reed Hastings  Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer David Wells  Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Mark S. Mahaney  RBC Capital Markets Douglas T. Anmuth  JPMorgan Securities LLC Youssef H. Squali  Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Scott W. Devitt  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tuna N. Amobi  Standard & Poors Investment Advisory Services LLC John R. Blackledge  Cowen & Co. LLC Carlos Kirjner  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Nathaniel H. Schindler  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research, Inc. 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference may be recorded. Its now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellie Mertz:  Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. Im joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q4 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the Companys Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to ir@netflix.com. After e-mail Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines for additional questions not covered by the e-mail Q&A or the investor letter. The dial-in number is in our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call 760-666-3613 if you would like to get in the queue. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the Companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Now, lets move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: As is our standard practice, weve organized the questions by topics as weve received them this afternoon via e-mail. First topic, questions on the domestic streaming. To what extent would you attribute the growth in subscribers to mobile, particularly tablet adoption? How much of usage is over mobile devices, same question for connected television.
Reed Hastings: Both the rise of tablets and phones and the rise of smart TVs are very helpful to us and they are really the beginning of a trend around Internet-connected ecosystems with devices. And certainly, the more convenient those devices get, the more people will be comfortable watching and enjoying content on a wide range of devices, someday including Google glasses, Internet watches all kinds of scenarios over the next five years and as well as a multi-screen scenarios where you use your tablets or phone to choose content on your TV. So, what we will see over the next couple of years, and we saw in this fall also was more and more consumer adoption of Internet-connected streamings which on both tablets and smart TVs.
Ellie Mertz: What is the percentage likelihood that you increase the price of your streaming plan over the next 12 months or even over the next 24 months?
Reed Hastings: We are happy with $7.99 and not speculating on the future.
Ellie Mertz: Youve talked about improvements in both voluntary and involuntary retentions. can you give us some color on where churn levels are relative to historical numbers? Are you back to pre-fall 2011 levels?
Reed Hastings: That is a really different business when it includes DVDs. Some, Im not going to focus on that comparative reference, but what we are doing is seeing nice improvements, and again relative over this last year when weve been on the straight streaming side. And well continue to look at that. The fundamental though is not to focus or we dont focus on churn, because we really want to make it easy to quit. I know that sounds strange, but we spend a lot of time so that if you leave, youll have a really good experience, and that makes you much more likely to come back in. And we think thats the right way to build a long-term growth in paid ads but it does result in easy access.
David Wells: And I would say that regionally it continues to be a very strong channel for acquisition and that continues to be the case. Weve seen that in Q3, Q4, all the way through the quarter, and as a function of that, people flowing in and out of the service, and because we make it easy, they dont feel trapped by a contract and its really easy for them to come back into the service when their lifestyle warrants signing up again.
Ellie Mertz: How much confidence do you usually have at this point, going into Q1 relative to other quarters, given all of the sub-ads that come in early January from holiday devices?
Reed Hastings: Its marginally better than other quarters in terms of percentage of the quarters numbers that have come in by the 20-F, but it is not hugely material.
Ellie Mertz:
 :
Reed Hastings: Well, the way pay one deals work is you pay for some and so the flow in 2016 as it hit in the second half of 2016 are relatively small in total payments, and you dont really get a full load of the payment until 2018. So its a long way off, weve got a lot of content to look at between now and then, in terms of what generates the most viewing and satisfaction and a lot of flexibility to build the best service that we can by that point.
Ellie Mertz: What changed the attractiveness of the Disney content, which last year only accounted for 2% of your streaming hours, was it fully the ability to be exclusive? Was it the Lucasfilm acquisition?
Reed Hastings: It is pretty amazing that the Disney content, but it was on our service from Starz was only 2%, and it just shows you how much incredible great content that we have that content as good as the Disney content could only be 2%. And going forward, in addition to the straight Disney content where the Disney Marvel content and the Lucasfilm. So it will be bigger than it would have otherwise. But the rest of our content is growing. The big thing what were excited about is the Disney content, once it eventually flows in it is fully exclusive to Netflix. and as weve been talking about, were more and more interested in exclusive content until it hits that point of differentiation that weve articulated before as part of our content strategy. And that exclusivity allows us to have a differentiation in the long-term.
Ellie Mertz: How are the terms and conditions of exclusive pay one deals such as the recent Disney deal similar to or different from typical content deals?
David Wells: We dont typically discuss the terms on individual deals, I would say that, deals like the Disney deal and other output style deals tend to be more cash intensive upfront, but other than that are not remarkable anywhere.
Reed Hastings: And pay per film based upon the box-office performance.
Ellie Mertz: Are there any material holes in your content library? So in terms of studios and categories, do you feel you need to have?
Reed Hastings:  I would say, not more than holes. There is vast amounts of additional contents that we want to acquire as we grow and the virtual cycle for us is to gain more subscribers and get more content, gain more subscribers, get more content and what propels our growth is that continuing content. Theres no specific holes that as wed like to get more movies, wed like to get more privacys in television. Wed like to have more originals. And in general, as we grow, well be able to deliver on that more and more for consumers.
Ellie Mertz: Netflix described its library in terms of free groupings, movies, serialized TV and proprietary contents. The first two buckets are extremely large compared to proprietary contents. Should we expect a large proprietary content that launches in the future? Does your hierarchy suggest that despite being small, the proprietary contents value is on par with movies and serialized TV?
Reed Hastings: Well, its early for us on the proprietary original content. You will know a lot more, maybe on the July call after weve launched House of Cards and after weve launched Arrested. So well be able to comment a little more and at that point may make decisions about how much we want to invest in it, do we want to increase the investment, keep it about the same to last and we have a lot more knowledge. So, well take our time and towards the next six months just focus on the current originals.
David Wells:
 :
Ellie Mertz: These are more questions on originals. this year you will have four new original series on Netflix plus Lilyhammer. What are your plans for 2014? Presumably, we have some idea now, given the long lead times on original programs. What percent of content cost do you envision for original programing next year?
Reed Hastings: Again, we have made the decisions for next year in terms of what percent of budget will be original content. Were going to look at the results, look at the viewing and overall press attention, subscriber acquisition trends all of the factors before making those decisions.
Ellie Mertz: Have you planned to market House of Cards? What is your approach to marketing the show different from how traditional cable networks market their shows? Do you envision creating a section for highlight original programing within the Netflix service over time?
Reed Hastings: The huge benefit is that we dont have to advertise 8 p.m. on the Thursday night tune in. We get to let people know about the show and they can watch it anytime at their leisure. And so that lets just be much more efficient in our marketing and much, much focused on a specific date and time. Mostly, were going to be able to generate tremendous demand through our service by targeting the specific online ads on the service, the content for the people who will be relevant for. so we get tremendous viewing from our 33 million global members. Then in addition, were also generating a lot of attention in certain cities doing a highly concentrated, large scale promotion to be able to see what the effects of ours to stimulate the creative community awareness and generally build a lot of buzz around those shows. So were very much looking forward to that launch.
Ellie Mertz:  For a few of Netflixs upcoming original programs, can you discuss the specific rights Netflix owns and the monetization strategies of the other right holders, which monetization channels, if any, does Netflix view as most complementary to its streaming business over time?
Reed Hastings:  Well, I think thats something weve learned over time. If you look at HBO, they experimented and have had great success with DVD as a channel for their content. They did some syndication, but then they pulled back on some of that. And Im sure well try some of the same things and trying to see what makes sense. The current originals mostly where our first window licenser and for example, on House of Cards, Media Rights Capital owns the other rights and will be monetizing those downstream from us. So well try different structures as we go forward, but primarily a focus on monetization on our platform. 
Ellie Mertz:
 :
Reed Hastings: Well, its a great question. In the case of Hemlock Grove, its a new property like House of Cards, and the same with Orange is the New Black. So that will take sometime to develop for those shows. Arrested is unique, because its already got a big brand, and so its good to be more front-loaded in its overall viewing and attention. In terms of high data, its very hard to predict what will happen in terms of membership in Q2. So I think what well do is, well be cautious, and its not particularly built into our forecast. And then we will see what happens in Q2. And then from that basis, well have  be able to project going forward.
Ellie Mertz: A question on accounting for originals. Over what period of time are you amortizing the upfront cash spend on important originals this year, particularly Arrested Development and House of Cards?
Reed Hastings:  Well the accounting for originals is similar to or is consistently the accounting for our whole library, which means we amortize in straight line over the license period. I would say, the question was asked about amortizing the cash. Its not the cash that gets amortized; its the extent of that full title. And so when we have quarters like Q4 and you talked about Q1 being intensive for originals, well pay depending on the terms of the deal, heavy upfront payments, even upwards of 50% and then that content will come into window later in the year. So youll see the cash come out in terms of the cash flow, but theres no offsetting expense. Some of that flows into prepaid content as you see and youll see that cash be less as we go through the year and the expense starts to catch up.
Ellie Mertz: As you look at original Netflix content, what are your expectations or how it will perform in the U.S. and International market?
Reed Hastings: Very strong.
Ellie Mertz: How do you decide which original programming to invest in and stream? Do you look to reach certain segments of your sub-base or best available programming or other factors?
Reed Hastings: Well, again, were at a very early stages, I think Teds done a  Ted Sarandos has done a great job on different types of content; Hemlock Grove and House of Cards are quite different. I think youll be very pleased with Orange is the New Black. So, and of course, thats the development of U.S., a huge winner. So I think its just too early for us to have any great confidence. Were staying flexible, learning and well grow into original program step-by-step.
Ellie Mertz: A few questions on competition. Do consumers need to choose between Netflix and Amazon? In the past, youve referred to HBO and Netflix along the lines of baseball and football. Do you feel that way about Amazon too? As Netflix and Amazon both have exclusive content and original content, will it make sense for consumers to have both rather than choose between them? Do you think the two services will take on different identities and be the two leading digital cable networks in the future?
Reed Hastings: Well, some of this is already happened in the UK, where LOVEFiLM, Sky, TV NOW and Netflix has nearly no overlapping content. And as the press tone is shifting in ways to be getting both, theyre getting three, as there are different channels, basically to surveys someone totally. of course, not everybody has infinite budgets ready, but his budget is tight as real competition for choosing us, if you need to choose. But I do think that many people will choose to get multiple services like we compete with HBO, that is well all have different shows and I will be competing for dollars and attention. But not have the same content.
Ellie Mertz: Can you help us understand the methodology behind the top 200 title comparative analysis? Do you use ratings, actual viewings et cetera?
Reed Hastings: We used actual viewing hours and again, in Q4 on our Netflix service in U.S., those would be for each title in there, not just a season, but a title of an entire show, how many hours that was viewed basically during Q4 and thats the methodology behind that?
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions on international. on previous calls, Reed has stated his intentions to continue to re-invest in international expansions or once to get back to profitability. Can you update us on your current thinking on this topic?
David Wells: I can reiterate what we said last quarter, which was these two gating items or grating conditions, one is global profitability, which were really pleased that we continue to demonstrate even with the modest launch in Q4, and the second condition being that were pleased with the path of our existing investments. So those two conditions still hold.
Ellie Mertz: Two quarters ago, Reed spoke about raising the content spending in the UK. Give a sense where the extended offerings in the UK have impacted subscriber growth or churn in any meaningful way?
Reed Hastings: Yeah, absolutely. Weve continued right from inception. And frankly, in all of our territories in Canada, Latin America and the different nations in Europe to expand the content and expanding the content has definitely increased viewing, decreased this churn, made this better. So were very eager and ambitious to get more and more content on all of the services including the UK.
Ellie Mertz: Has the competitive environment in the UK evolved over time? In the UK, are you seeing different levels of net ad, churns et cetera given potentially more competitive environment?
Reed Hastings: The only change in the UK, and welcomes in there from our launch at the same prices have always been at, has been Skys and TV Now, which launched in the fall. So thats increased. There is active marketing going on between us. As far as we can tell, both services are doing well also. It comes back to us; it may not end up as some game, we want to get the biggest piece of the pie. But it may be that people subscribe to multiple services.
Ellie Mertz: Can you tell us if the procurement changes made in Latin America had a material impact on sub-growth in Q4 or whats held for Q1 number?
Reed Hastings: I helped on a little bit in Q4, well help a little bit more in Q1 and weve still got projects to go.
David Wells: That was an incremental improvement.
Ellie Mertz: What penetration of sublevels that you need in any given country in the Europe or Latin America to reach break-even, roughly what is the time to achieving that now?
Reed Hastings:  It will depend by markets and in some markets, youll get that relatively quickly, others will take longer. And theres no precise level of penetration. It depends, for example, in Latin America, well end up at break-even at lower overall household penetrations, because the Internet is at lower penetrations. So I would say each market is unique in this way.
Ellie Mertz: In the past, youve said you believe Netflix can grow its domestic sub-base 2x to 3x out of HBO long-term. what are your expectations in the various international markets that you have entered?
Reed Hastings: So, lets see our hopes would be that we should get to similar house Internet or broadband household penetration levels as we can in the U.S., but until we actually prove that thats possible, were a little cautious on forecasting it. So in principal, when we look at Internet usage or YouTube usage or television, pay television and free television. Its pretty ubiquitous across all these societies. so the notion that over 10 or 20 years, Internet TV is that strong around the world as it is in the U.S., its pretty sound.
Ellie Mertz: Can you achieve long-term international contribution margins equivalent to U.S. without the same amount of scale in the single-digit?
Reed Hastings: Yeah, I think we would need the same amount of  the contribution margin is a factor of the scale. so I think we would need to get to that at scale. Its fairly competition, I mean I would just add, add-in competition. So those two things are the primary determinants of long-term margin.
Ellie Mertz: You expect more modest quarter-over-quarter improvements in international losses beyond Q1? is that because of lower sub-ad expectation or an increase in spending relative to sub-growth?
Reed Hastings: A little bit of both.
Ellie Mertz: And a question on the DVD business; you appear to be marketing DVD subscriptions to streaming only subscribers again. But now we see more e-mail promotions, offering a free month trial to the DVD program. You really want to push people back to DVDs? Isnt that a bit confusing to consumers, given your intense focus on streaming being the future of media consumption?
David Wells: I would say, this is David here. I would say it was a program that we did around the holidays and into January. I think youll see us view this sporadically, I wouldnt describe it as a large program. It was incrementally positive to our DVD subscription. And we gave a lot of credit to them, 12 to 18 months ago that we werent doing enough, in terms of monetizing some of the sales search opportunities on the DVD, on the website and so forth. And I think weve cleaned a lot of that up, and e-mail programming campaign that youre talking about is an evidence of doing a little bit. We test a lot of this, and usually when we do something, its going to be an incrementally positive.
Ellie Mertz: So a question on Open Connect. could Super HD and 3D streaming periodically be expanded to ISPs without Open Connect, without significant engineering investment? Ask another way, is Open Connect a prerequisite for technical reasons or more for strategic reasons?
Reed Hastings:
 : 
Ellie Mertz: A question on change in delivery cost. Did Open Connect drive delivery cost down in Q1, or should it in Q4 or is it better pricing from suppliers?
Reed Hastings: The delivery cost, Im not sure you can believe into that as a result. I would say that our Open Connect program has investments that are front-loaded. So to the extent that were rolling out our Open Connect program, theres a little bit of expenses that are loaded into Q4 and into 2013, depending upon the pace of our rollout and that those flow should moderate going forward. I think the question is in reference to letter, we said that our U.S. contribution marginally better, because of just some delayed expenses that will show up and relative to planning in Q1 and Q4.
David Wells: Thank you the clarification. Yeah, some timing allowance expenses for Q4.
Reed Hastings: In general, delivery is something thats relatively small percentage of our total cost, it works quite well. So its relatively inconsequential.
Ellie Mertz: A question on the social fit. Please discuss Netflixs experience with social media integration in international market? could you provide some common examples of how Netflix uses social media in international markets? how do you expect social integration to impact your U.S. business?
Reed Hastings: It will be a nice thing for us. I dont think its going to be huge. It hasnt been huge for us internationally. Its certainly segmented. Theres a section of the group within each country that loves social and they are really into on Netflix and probably, every other sites that they use. and then theres a lot of people for whom thats not why theyre there, Netflix in terms of a social aspect. And of course, over time, those ratios will shift. But for now, all of our social work really caters to a little specific, typically younger, but very social centric demographic. So its a good investment. Its making good progress. Were thankful the DPPA passed the change to it and well continue to make progress on this front.
Ellie Mertz: Some questions on the financials. how should we be thinking about 2013 in terms of profitability and margins, similar to 2012 as a heavy investment year or here well start seeing leverage in the models; if so, how much?
Reed Hastings: Well, we should see leverage in the model. we havent made decisions in the back half of the year on international expansions. Obviously, that will matter as well.
David Wells: And we probably have 7 million reasons not to give full-year guidance right here. So well avoid doing that this year.
Ellie Mertz: We might also make a point that we thought, considering the leveraging in the model in 2012, $106 million segment where we saw 700 basis points of margin expansion.
Reed Hastings: Yeah. we can be confident that it wont be as big as that.
Ellie Mertz: As profits overall are somewhat exceeding guidance, do you think you might increase investments in marketing, content and your additional country rollouts in the near to medium term?
Reed Hastings: No. Thats not directly affecting us. As we outlined in the letter, were feeling good about those plans.
Ellie Mertz: You talked about the goal of 100 basis points of contribution margin expansion sequentially in domestic streaming, but you dont indicate how far out that goal extends. Can you talk about what youre thinking is related to long-term i.e., multiple years out, domestic streaming contribution margins?
Reed Hastings: It will be a function of competition and how much of the market, the total addressable market that we can collect. So right now, were focused on the target of expanding that routinely by growing faster basically in our content, but expanding our content expense.
Ellie Mertz: So this is the size of the off balance sheet content liabilities.
Reed Hastings: So I think the question usually I get on is related to the contractual obligation table. The streaming obligations were $5 billion as of $930 million as of the end of Q3. That corresponds to a $5.6 billion number as of the end of 12/31. $2.5 billion is added on the balance sheet to $3.1 billion thats not on the balance sheet.
Ellie Mertz: Do you expect to be free cash flow positive for the full year?
Reed Hastings: We dont provide full-year guidance on that.
David Wells: Can you give a sense of how much money you plan to raise in the debt offerings? Did you consider you being soft, with the potential new debt financing be straight debt or could it be convertible debt. When would it occur?
Reed Hastings: The no on stock, no on covert, I think the plans that we put in there are still sort of an opportunity in exploration base. Its really based on the 20 plus year low that we see in the debt market. Its a good time to lock in very low-cost long-term capital. So wed be remiss not looking at that opportunity.
David Wells: Will additional financing be needed if you decide to open new international markets in like 2013 or early 2014?
Reed Hastings: No.
Ellie Mertz: The marketing cost in the Netflix streaming has fallen 24% year-over-year. Yet, youve been able to grow your top line significantly. How sustainable is your Q4 marketing spends and how do you think youre gaining efficiencies in marketing?
David Wells: Very sustainable on the Q4 marketing spend and the second part of that, late efficiency; the late efficiency comes because most marketing is on members telling their friends about Netflix. Its not the ads that we pay for. And as we have more and more members and as they are happier and happier with the service, the net benefits to growth and then dont need as much paid marketing.
Reed Hastings: I would say also  but in the letter about if were expanding our content expense and that has benefits in terms of getting people excited about the sign of retaining better, all of that is a quasi marketing expenditure. So the rest are developmental marketing expense or content expense.
Ellie Mertz: Will the company break out cost of subscriptions versus fulfillment expenses for the quarter?
Reed Hastings: Not likely. Fulfillment has grown to be a pretty relatively small portion of our cost of revenues as our DVD business continues to scale down with small portion of content revenue.
Ellie Mertz:  Great, thats the end of our e-mail questions. Now Ill turn it back over to the operator to take live calling questions.
Operator: Yes, maam. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Mark S. Mahaney  RBC Capital Markets: Hey, great thanks and congrats on the quarter, I dont think Ive said that on an earnings call in five years. Reed, I know you dont run the business near term, but congrats on the quarter anyway. In terms of rebuilding the brand, Reed you talked a year ago, year and a half ago and said, this will be a multiyear process in terms of rebuilding the brand. As you think about and survey your customer base now, do you think youve rebuilt the brand hit that you  do you think youve recovered that brand hit that you took in the wake of the controversies?
Reed Hastings: No, not entirely Mark, theres still an echo in the grove. And so we still are extremely thoughtful and careful about what were trying to do because it wouldnt take much to have the issue flare up again or for us to lose track. So you might say were on probation at this point. So were out of jail. But weve still got, as we had initially talked about a two years timeframe, we still got a year-and-half of probation.
Mark S. Mahaney  RBC Capital Markets: And then one follow-up question, in terms of the content requirements or likes, the wants of your subscriber base, have you seen a noticeable change in the satisfaction level of your subscribers with current content or do you still see  there's always been a gap, but do you think that that gap has kind of narrowed a little bit over the course of the last three to six months? 
Reed Hastings:  Yeah, that would be mostly what drives the improvement in voluntary retention. Its that satisfaction with the content, in addition the satisfaction for the user experience, how quickly and easy it is to chose, how well the personalization works, how well the streaming works. So, that all comes together and gives them the satisfaction.
David Wells: And Mark, I would say that the other contributor to that is people two to three years ago, when they first experienced a streaming offering had expectations of a DVD full content library. I would say those people are starting to be a little bit more aware of whats available in an Internet channel and in an Internet network, offering like we have. So the expectations gap might be narrowing as well.
Mark S. Mahaney  RBC Capital Markets: Thank you, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Douglas T. Anmuth  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask about content costs, sort of the outlook for 2013, if you could give us some sense of how youre thinking about the increase here and perhaps, in relation to what you did from 2011 to 2012. And then just secondly, can you give us more detail on how you improved that involuntary retention? You mentioned processing payments and recovery members better, so if you could give us more color there? Thanks.
David Wells: Yes, Doug. In terms of content cost, we continue to expand our content libraries and we expect that to continue to increase. Its going to increase slower than revenue. So from that, you can infer that the year-over-year increase for 2013 would be less than the increase that we saw in 2012. And then the second piece of that question was around, how we improved the involuntary retention numbers and that we drew looking at a number of optimization in terms of how we handle folks that go on payment hold.
Douglas T. Anmuth  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Youssef Squali with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Youssef H. Squali  Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you very much. Hi, Reed and David. Just a couple of questions to follow-up. Reed, you spoke about offering more personalization on the sites and if my memory serves me right, I think last time youve talked about it, it was several quarters ago. And I think you talked about maybe offering personalization at least of queues by year-end. So one, I wanted to see what the hold up there was and the second, what other ways can you improve personalization on the site? Then I have a follow up.
Reed Hastings: Youssef, were still in testing on the features of some Netflix profiles, where you set up an exclusive. Id say you and your kids, your spouse and then each person gets their own area. And were trying to find models that give great benefits to consumers, but are also very simple. And so thats where were involved in a lot of testing and when we get that to a great state, then well roll it out to upfront.
Youssef H. Squali  Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Is that still an imminent turn off the launch or has the date on that been announced and put back on hold?
David Wells: Its not the M&A. Were still in testing mode. We think we got to do something like that. You dont want to roll it out and then change it a lot. So you want to do a lot of the tuning in test mode. So sometime over the year, Im sure well want it and so when you find out a model that works really well without testing, but its not imminent.
Youssef H. Squali  Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, great. And then just lastly have you integrated with Facebook for more sharing of social personalization? I was wondering if youd have any interest in participating in Facebooks Gifts program, which is something, Im sure youre aware that they launched lot too long ago and they have other retailers like iTunes et cetera. Is there anything that would preclude you from wanting to participate or being on that program?
Reed Hastings: No there is nothing that would preclude us.
Youssef H. Squali  Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Is there interest on your end? 
Reed Hastings: I should know more about it as a Facebook Board member. But its very new. And so Ill take your hint, that its a good thing and Ill go and spend some time on it.
Youssef H. Squali  Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, thanks a lot, congrats.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Scott W. Devitt  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. Reed, now that the U.S. business has gotten back to this level of strong growth, I was just wondering if you could revisit that U.S. market opportunity, how you're thinking about it, that $60 million to $90 million figure and the points of friction that you're facing from here to grow that U.S. sub-base to a much larger level? And then secondly for David, in the 1Q guide, I think you noted that you're not specifically attributing any subs to Arrested Development, but is that also the same thing for House of Cards? Is there no specific attribution for House of Cards in 1Q? And are you planning any specific TV spend for either of those two shows? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: Scott, think about it in terms of the content layers. So were $27 million domestic now. So the question is do we have good enough content to say, get to $40 million. And then with that incremental content budget, can we improve the content, such that with that incrementally better service, we can get to $50 million. And then similarly, we got more money we can spend on more content. So thats one big a growth factor. And second is the overall change to Internet TV. Its not just us thats benefitting from this. If you look at Hulus numbers over last year, they doubled from 1.5 million to 3 million subscribers. So people around the world are interested in Internet television since you can click, watch, pause, control, choose; its just a better paradigm. And so as that tailwind continues to develop, thats very helpful. And then finally, its what happens in the consumer electronics space. It was only six to seven years ago that the iPhone came out. Weve had tremendous, right now on iPhone 5. So if you think about 6 or 8 years from now by extension, well be at the iPhone 10 and how incredible will that be for not only viewing video, but maybe controlling video around all of your house and choosing and how immersive and all of that helps Internet video services like our own. So those are three big factors, the content growth as we grow, the general trend towards Internet TV and the consumer electronics ecosystem.
David Wells: And then Scott, on your second set of questions on House of Cards, we think it is going to be a pretty small benefit for Q1. Weve talked about how  overall its a generally small share of ours, really happy about the quality and the fan fare that were getting with the show. And now we think that those would be but overall pretty small benefit we think to subscriber editions. And then TV spend for House of Cards, there will be some media spends likely very little TV, like focus again on sort of influences in big markets.
Reed Hastings: So would it be fair to say David, that its a very small impact of House of Cards thats modeled into our guidance forecast?
David Wells: Yes.
Reed Hastings: And since we have no data to base it on, thats the conservative and correct approach. But some of us are optimistic that it may in fact be substantial. But we really dont know and we dont want to count on it until it happens.
David Wells: I would say thats fair revenue.
Scott W. Devitt  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tuna Amobi with S&P Capital IQ. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tuna N. Amobi  Standard & Poor's Investment Advisory Services LLC: Hi, thank you so much. So again, this question is for David. Im thinking about how you manage your working capital and swing that are logging from the content licensing payments for regional? Im just kind of wondering if there is perhaps, a better parameter back in 08, kind of reduced the swing of free cash flow, not necessarily quarter to quarter. But as you think about some of the leverage that you might have, for example perhaps deferred revenues and some of their items, Im wondering if its the best way to think about that, just kind of managing it to the P&L expense as opposed to something that kind of gives you a little bit more control, granted that the originals are the highest swing factors. Any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Reed Hastings: I think its the only  not quite clear on your question. But if we looked into alternative methods in terms of joint ventures and other vehicles to reduce that cash consumption upfront might be the only available method to assume that. We prefer the simplicity and we may get there sometime down the road. But in terms of the present course, overall the content spend on a regional is a relatively small part. Its outside in terms of our cash because its so lumpy up in the first couple of quarters.
Tuna N. Amobi  Standard & Poor's Investment Advisory Services LLC: And just a follow-up on that  how you think about managing the risk of your original content in terms of showing that you actually collaborate with third-party producers versus showed that you actually own outright? And how does that factor into your calculations of cost per viewing hours in terms of your commitment to either kinds of shows? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Its Reed here. The good news is, any one show isnt an ongoing commitment. So its a relatively fixed bound. And it might be that at some point, we produce the show thats not very good. But what that really means is, we only get a little bit of viewing on it as opposed to a lot of viewing. And when you think about the size of any single original and the size of our total multi-billion dollar per year content budget, its not a huge risk.
Tuna N. Amobi  Standard & Poor's Investment Advisory Services LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes form the line of John Blackledge with Cowen & Co. Please go ahead, your line is open.
John R. Blackledge  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Two questions, the first on streaming content spend; given the current level of streaming content spend after several years of large step ups; is there a normalized longer term rate of growth or range of growth of that we should be considering or will we potentially see lumpiness on a year-in year-out basis, depended on available content? And then for David, as we think about a potential debt raise, is there a certain level of cash on the balance sheet that youre comfortable with? Thank you.
Reed Hastings:  In terms of the lumpiness, I presume there will be some quarters where it got a little bit lumpy, where we signed a big deal, but generally any big deal, we would know about several quarters in advance, so we would have that visibility to build in and to let everybody know, and then return to the kind of margin expansion that were targeting. And were feeling our way along as we grow in the market in creating the service and thus far were focused on the 100 basis points a quarter versus some specific operating model, because we want to get the operating model to be better and better and better. And to do that, we have to really feel our way along and make sure that its consistent with increasing viewing, and with really good or improving on voluntary retention, Ill turn it over to David on the cash.
David Wells:  And John, on the cash as long as the cost are low, more cash is better, but I would say this is again as the opportunity presented by the debt market, and the ability to get really low cost long-term capital, and for us to preserve the flexibility, if we feel massive success with original to preserve the flexibility to expand that program, and to develop more down the road. So I dont think there is a magic number this is about sort of long-term planning for the business.
John R. Blackledge  Cowen & Co. LLC: Thats great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from the line of Carlos Kirjner with Sanford Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Carlos Kirjner  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you. I have two questions; one on content, one on the market potential. First on content, when you lost Starz you said that it accounted for a small portion of viewership time and benefit slots that really impact on customer acquisition churn et cetera, suggesting that no specific content deal has material impact on the customer metrics. If you cant lose any specific content deal, which will immediately impact on the metrics. How do you think about the positive impact of content dealer such as Disneys or Time Warners, where presumably you are paying a premium, for example for exclusivity or even how do you think about investments in original content? On the market potential, if you grow your content offer as you described a few minutes ago and succeed in getting 50 million or 60 million households in the U.S., how do you think the cable companies would do which changed their broadband pricing levels or structure? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Sure, Carlos, thats a good question, which is why do we talk so much about increasing the content about propelling our growth, but when we lose content, we say it doesnt matter. And I think the insight is your part about any specific piece of content, I think if we lost enough content that would definitely decrease viewing. And similarly, when we increase content, we have to increase it by a lot to make a difference, adding just one movie here or something like that or one show isnt going to make a huge difference. The general view, we have is sometimes the content additions are so small, 1% of viewing that we are not to see a big difference, but that will increase, and if we do a lot of that that will help. And then second on in terms if we get to 50 million or 60 million how does the relations with cable networks change. I think we always were building great audiences for them, if you look at what weve done for Breaking Bad in terms of building a bigger audience for viewing on AMC, and if you look at Mad Men, thats a great win-win, where we are incredibly good at the prior season. They have got the current season and they get bigger and bigger audiences. And then second, if it's off air like ADC's lost, then I think it's pure incremental money for them, the fact that we will have to monetize it down. So we don't see a huge conflict there in that licensing dynamics.
Carlos Kirjner  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Reed, do you think there is a conflict potentially with the cable companies like Comcast and Time Warner Cable in COGS? If you increase your subscriber levels and using their price to transmit the bids for the year, and it could increase the pricing of cable broadband access?? 
Reed Hastings: The cable broadband is very profitable for them and the more that people want to do high definition Skype and high definition Netflix, it's inevitable that there is going to be new high speed packages that are more successful for those ISPs. And so they have got an incredibly profitable great business moving data, and that's great for them. It doesn't conflict with us. In fact where we like high definition Skype are the critical applications that help them drive more adoption of the higher end packages, and in that way we work really well with them.
Carlos Kirjner  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tony Wible with Janney. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi. Do you guys believe that Amazon was in their bidding for the Disney content and what's your appetite for chasing down Sony Pay 1?
Reed Hastings:  Tony we don't know on Disney Amazon and Sony Pay 1, our appetite frankly was for Disney, it's strong and were interested and we will see how it works out. There is no specific piece of content that we must have, and that's just the bidding negotiation.
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Nat Schindler with Bank of America. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Nathaniel H. Schindler  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. So if you look at your net sub adds, and then estimate some growth sub add that you had coming in for the quarter. In domestic streaming, you said in the past of 30% of those or third roughly you touched within the last year in our returns, has that number changed, and could you think that longer than a year, how much of your market, the total market have you touched at this point, do you believe over the course of your business?
Reed Hastings: It all depends on, Nat on how you count an entity. You count a household where you will make out and they try both under separate email. Lots of people have multiple email addresses and several of them are willing to enter multiple credit cards to get multiple free trials. So there's no clean motion of that. We can tell you how many email addresses have we touched, but mapping that into people and households is pretty tricky.
Nathaniel H. Schindler  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Makes sense, thank you. 
Reed Hastings: Yes. And Nat on your first question, it stayed roughly, about the same in terms of percent
Nathaniel H. Schindler  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our next question comes from Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research, Inc.:  Thanks. Good evening. Thanks for taking my call. Three questions if I might, first kind of big picture on, how you're looking at the business and growth. Profitability has been reasonably above expectations in the last couple of quarters, and guidance for the coming quarter? Historically you guys have tended to manage perhaps not making too much profits and always willing to invest in growth, and how you are thinking about that in terms of new market rollouts or acquiring new content to really continue separate yourselves from the competition sort of or on investing on your product expectations versus growth investments? And then secondly in a related comment, back in the day, eight, nine years ago, we use to kind of get market-by-market updates, you are at X percent penetration in San Francisco and we got the profitability in X number of months, can you give us some sort of directional color like that on some of the international markets in Europe and maybe an update on Latin America there? And then third sort of viewership question, I know people asked of this before generally and could use a lot of color. But what kind of is the mix of viewing between connected devices to the TV, the Xbox, and there is an Apple TV and DVD players and TVs that have Netflix built in versus tablets, and I think computers and how that looks domestic versus international, where perhaps all those devices are less connected to TVs in Europe or Latin America? Some color on how that, mix in usages fits. Thanks.
Reed Hastings:  Daniel, you started pretty awfully nicely about talking about growth of above expectations last year, but I think you were obviously confused with the different companies, since last year was difficult on that front. But in general, we are pioneering this new service, Internet TV as are other firms, and from a macro level there is a lot of great growth factors because Internet makes certain user experiences, much more enjoyable at lower cost, and Netflix is propelling our growth, and we are very excited about the growth. In terms of penetration, in the DVD days, we were operating in the San Francisco Bay Area for several years with local delivery, before we were doing the rest of the country. So thats why weve used that as the comp. We dont really have an equivalent each, the U.S. is reasonably uniform in terms of DVD viewing. Each nation is quite different, and we wouldnt want to say every nation is going to be like Canada. So theres no useful proxy in that way. Then finally, your question was on viewership, and some nations are more Smart TV centric, and some are more PS3 centric, and Xbox centric. But overall, you see a lot of similar trends, which are tablets, are growing somewhat in the absolute and somewhat at the replacement of laptops. Smart TVs are selling to people who want to use and Netflix is the most important application on a Smart TV. Then all of the individual devices like an Apple TV are really cool and doing well. So, the whole internet getting to every screen is just a big secular story that's happening and benefitting us.
Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research, Inc.: All right, thanks. Really, but just to clarify, we were talking about the last couple of quarters being profits above expectations, and your guidance there for the next quarter?
Reed Hastings:  Yeah, Dan let me take a stab at that, in your part A. In the past Netflix has been very good about thinking about that net incremental $1 million or $5 million investment. It's better in content. Its better in marketing. It is better in improving, our interface and our products. We continue to do that. We are never perfect in sort of finding out that optimal frontier point, but we still continue to think like that in terms of that additional investment whether it's better place in an existing market in a near market and product or in our content offering in the Netflix or international
Ellie Mertz: Great, thank you, thats all the questions we have time for. We really like to offer some closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Youssef if youre still on, we are on Facebook Gift and Im sure its a huge opportunity. Thank you all for visiting Netflix teleconference and we look forward to seeing you.
Operator: Thank you again. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellie Mertz Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee David Wells - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Anthony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Netflix Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce the host for today's conference, Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. I'm joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the third quarter at approximately 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q3 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. After email Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines for additional questions not covered by the email Q&A or the letter. The dial-in number is within our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you'd like to get in the queue. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Now, let's move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: As is our standard practice, we've organized the email questions by topic after we received them this afternoon. So let's start with questions on domestic subscribers. Question one. Your original thesis was 3 years for full brand recovery. Is this still the case? Can you recover faster?
Reed Hastings: It's Reed here. I'd say the 3-year model is consistent with what we're seeing. We've made substantial progress. As you can see, in the engagement metrics, we feel really good about the originals, particularly Arrested Development, because of its broad existing reputation in terms of burnishing our reputation. But 3 years is still the right timeframe.
David Wells: And this is David. I would add, like I've said before, that we are seeing recovery in our brand reputation metrics the likelihood to recommend, but it's not at the level that it was pre-price change in July of last year. So there's still some room for recovery, but we've seen it trend in the right direction.
Ellie Mertz: What changed, as you move through this year, that has caused you to miss your earlier guidance of 7 million net domestic streaming guidance by so much?
Reed Hastings: Well, we were within the range of our guidance from 90 days ago, but not within the annual guidance that we gave at the end of Q1. And roughly, I think we're feeling our way along as the streaming market grows, and we miss-predicted, but I would call that more of a forecasting error than anything else. When we think about growing 5 million net additions in this year, if we had predicted 5 million, I think we'd all be feeling good, that that's great growth. So we own it in terms of a bad forecast. But in terms of actual performance of the business to grow 5 million net adds, domestic, is substantial, and we feel good about that and about the growth next year.
Ellie Mertz: Follow-on question. What does the new subscriber guidance of 5 million compared to the prior guidance of 7 million suggest about the addressable market opportunity you have?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think it makes it all a little bit harder. We think harder about the 60 million to 90 million, and we'll approach it not as fast as we would have if we had done 7 million this year. But the long term of every household becoming an Internet video household, I mean, that's definitely happening and going to happen. People are using Internet video in huge numbers, and that's only spreading. And we continue to lead the market in a big way. So I'd look at the long-term picture as very strong and not changed.
Ellie Mertz: You predicted that the London Olympics might dampen subscriber additions and/or engagement in the third quarter. Did that play out in your actual data?
David Wells: Yes, it did. We had a strong July, a soft August, and then a slower bounce back in September.
Ellie Mertz: How can you improve involuntary churn rates in more mainstream, lower income households? Why don't I take this one? Some of the color that we've seen in terms of trends over the last couple of years is an increased use of debit cards and prepaid cards over credit cards. And the unfortunate thing about these different payment methods is that they have lower approval rates. And so what we've been doing is looking at a host of different things to improve those approval rates, and, in particular, looking to recover as many sale transactions as we can. So we're hopeful that there's a little bit of room that we have there to improve the overall involved churn rates. Let's move to questions about content. You have the advantage of perfect information on what your consumers watch. You have licensed a wide range of content, some of which is not viewed all that much. With this information, how do you intend to handle negotiations when deals come up for renewal? Would you pay less for a certain content or pay the same or more but require programmers to provide you with newer, fresher or better content?
Reed Hastings: We don't get the luxury of requiring programmers to do anything. We certainly look at the viewing as an indicator, and that limits what we're willing to pay for certain content. And if it doesn't present a clearing price and there's someone else willing to pay that much for the content, then the programmer will go to someone else. So I would say it's an informed auction market. We do have a lot of data that's very helpful in our overall programming. But it's a pretty straightforward auction, highest bidder gets the contents kind of market.
Ellie Mertz: Question on the streaming hours. You have not talked about monthly or quarterly streaming hours since your comment about June 2012. Could you update us on recent activity?
Reed Hastings: Yes, sure. We were over 3 billion hours in Q3, which we feel great about, and it's continuing to grow.
Ellie Mertz: With 2/3 of viewing now television, are you limiting the size of the audience that you appeal to by not having the more in-demand or on-demand film content that help build your DVD and then streaming businesses? How would that impact your cost of content?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we're expanding our market with our TV series. If you look on cable or satellite, what gets watched more -- I mean, TV shows get watched a lot more than movies. So I think there's a big expansion in addressable market, both in the sense for any consumer's time and in terms of people who are interested in the Netflix service. And we're trying to be very strong both in movies and in TV shows, and we're only getting stronger as we grow.
David Wells: Just a reminder here, too, that even in our DVD business, about 1/3 of the DVD shipments were new releases and 2/3 were things that didn't fall into any release category or older content. So many subscribers just want something good to watch, and they're less engaged in terms of caring about the freshness of the data or the content.
Ellie Mertz: Next, a question on fixed versus variable licensing. [indiscernible] some of its recent deals a ethic [ph] to have a variable component on pricing based on subscribers. Given the lack of visibility you now have on future subs, is this something you would be willing to do? You've always resisted and it has worked to your advantage as you grew faster than content providers anticipated.
Reed Hastings: Now we're very happy with knowing exactly what our commitments are, and we don't have any plans to change our licensing structure. And the people that we generally bid against other networks are in the same model, where they're bidding fixed fee.
Ellie Mertz: In terms of the goal to focus on licensing, only the contents of viewers, when you negotiate with these videos to license content, their goal is to bundle together as much as they can to maximize the value of the deal. How do you balance your desire for more efficient spend with the studios' desire to bundle more content?
Reed Hastings: We really look at packages as a whole, so we'll estimate for a given package how much viewing it will generate, which includes the stuff that's most appropriate for our members and the stuff that's less appropriate, and then try to figure out a clearing price for that set of content. And then, there's a back-and-forth of how well if you added this or took out this, depending on are they revenue-motivated or packaged-motivated, and that's all part of the give-and-take across the hundreds of different agreements that we have.
Ellie Mertz: Disney's current output deal with Starz ends in 2015 with the [indiscernible] through Starz until the end of 2016. Why should Disney choose Netflix versus renewing with Starz or starting their own streaming movie service?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think in each market and country, there's a different set of content at a different time. But in the U.S. context, the Disney deal comes up in 2015, so it's a little premature. But we would certainly be bidders for that or other pay one deals as we have been in the past.
Ellie Mertz: Can you discuss the device mix of content consumption? How are tablets and smartphones faring in terms of consumer hour streams?
Reed Hastings: Tablets are growing. And the smartphones are growing, you probably would expect that. Tablets are a little bigger than smartphones for us. But the big viewing is really on the television, smart TVs, game consoles, Apple TV, Heroku, Blu-ray players, all the things that bring Netflix to the big screen.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about original content. How do you quantify the success of proprietary content in terms of consumption and financial investment?
David Wells: Well, we look at originals like we do third-party license content in terms of how much it's going to be viewed or how much it is viewed relative to its cost. So that's the primary measure. And then outside of that, we do expect some ancillary PR value, public relations value, and subscriber excitement around the originals, but we don't rely on that in terms of the primary relative measure.
Reed Hastings: Yes, so I think that's right. The base case is that it's good content that we're producing, and the upside is that it transforms the consumers' relationship with Netflix because it's only available on Netflix, it's not also on cable and also on DVD and also on pay-per-view. It's really, fully, totally unique only on Netflix within our territories.
Ellie Mertz: Investors are quite surprised that you're releasing all the episodes of House of Cards at once, ensuring they will watch all the episodes over a weekend or 2 and then churn off. We're excited that Netflix is the first TV producer to put the consumer first and give them the content the way they want to consume it. How do you look at the trade-off between churn and hooking people on Netflix's other content if you're willing to bomb through 13 hours of House of Cards?
Reed Hastings: Well, we do want to hook people, but we want to hook them for the long-term, and we hook them for the long-term by treating them right and making all those episodes available at once. And obviously, there's later Arrested Development and Hemlock and Orange is the New Black and then a season 2 of House of Cards. So if we do our job right, there's always a reason to be a Netflix member on the original side in addition to the license side. So I don't think that it will be material, they join only for House of Cards and then exit. And so that makes us comfortable with this very consumer first trade-off.
Ellie Mertz: The original content efforts, to what extent you have ownership rights that could generate additional revenues, syndication, DVD, licensing, et cetera?
Reed Hastings: It's a great discussion item for us over time. But on this first round, we're a licensee in a certain window and so we're not essentially a producer that then manages and profits from those ancillary rights.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about international. Recently, you commented that the Nordics have the most content of any international launch. Can you quantify the level of content and/or magnitude of that spend versus other regional launches?
Reed Hastings: No. We've been very successful in the Nordics. We're very happy with that, but I don't have any specific quantification in terms of dollars or title count that would be helpful. We do feel like, market by market, we are learning and getting better at the right content mix, both to attract the subscribers and economically, and we look forward to having a fuller update for you on Nordics once we're a quarter in, in January.
David Wells: And I'd say that the basis for making those statements is an amalgam of metrics, it's not any one particular title count or dollar spend. Our experience has been, when we look at box office or Nielsen ratings or other types of metrics, that it's a combination of all of those in terms of the subscriber perception of content quality.
Ellie Mertz: In its early years, Netflix incurred significant losses in starting up its DVD-by-mail service. As you look at international streaming, do you see parallels to the startup of DVD, or are you encountering significantly more challenges?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think it parallels with DVD or parallels with any successful business, which is you establish a new market and there's losses for some time period. And then, the key thing is the durability of the profit stream after that. We never invested in having DVD expand around the world because, number one, of the mail system's difficulty; but two is the profit stream wasn't going to be that long. In contrast with streaming, if we're able to establish a significant market share and franchise in a market and we manage that well, that should be a multi-decade profit stream, and so the DCF on that is enormous, which is why it gives us the confidence to make these big and aggressive investments in establishing our leadership in these markets.
Ellie Mertz: Have you considered taking on partners and structuring JVs in certain countries? It appears like it could have 3 benefits: gain traction in countries where you have no brand equity; minimize the level of investment; and could accelerate Netflix's global ambition.
Reed Hastings: Well, it's definitely a factor, for example, when we look at Asia and some of the more challenging markets where U.S. firms have had a tough time and had progress in that. In Europe, most of the consumer firms have really been able to execute much better, faster, by keeping those wholly-owned, and that's our model for now.
Ellie Mertz: Assuming that you are able to maintain positive consolidated earnings in 2013, what would be the maximum number of countries or regions you would consider launching them to?
David Wells: I'm not sure I would approach that in terms of a maximum number. I mean, we look at a territory launch, it could have 4 countries in the case of the Nordics, but it's sold as a content block. So I think what we've said is we're focused on global profitability, but also on a path to profitability for our large existing markets. And so those are the 2 gating conditions that we'll be looking for in terms of finding that next market.
Ellie Mertz: With regards to Latin America, what steps are you taking to improve payments? Have you considered withdrawing from any markets within Latin America? Have you considered bundling your offerings other than that market to improve your ability to collect? Second answer, on the payment side: On the payment side, we've been looking across a host of options to expand our ability to collect payments from subscribers, so let me we give you some examples of things that we're doing. In Mexico, what we found is that not all debit cards are accepted for e-commerce, and so we've been working directly with the banks to allow them to, at the -- I should say, allow us to accept debit cards online. And in Brazil, what we're looking to do this current quarter is to expand the payment methods that we offer, including things like direct debit [indiscernible] expand the addressable market of folks who have the ability to pay for our service.
Reed Hastings: And then in terms of bundling, that's not something that we're actively engaged in. We are looking at payment with other subscription services and trying to think that through. And then in terms of withdrawing, we're not thinking about that. All of our content agreements cover the entire region and are long-term in nature. So we're making great progress on the revenue side. So we're continuing to invest on that basis.
Ellie Mertz: If you return to profitability for the overall -- if the return to profitability for the overall business takes 3 quarters or more, is there a risk that you'll miss an opportunity to have first mover advantage in continental Europe? Or does first mover advantage not matter since [indiscernible] had first mover advantage in the U.K. and you came later and surpassed them?
Reed Hastings: It's a matter of debate for us. Certainly, first mover helps, but it really depends on how big a scale you get. So if a competitor gets to great scale in one of those markets before we do, we would tend probably to focus on other markets. So it's -- there's no easy answer to that one. It's something we try to balance, which is our rate of investments on the current business versus the risk of competitors getting ahead. So far, we'd like the set of trade-offs that we've made.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about the product. How do you think about improving the platform from here to stay ahead of where the competition is going?
Reed Hastings: We're making a great progress on the algorithms that drive the merchandising, and I know they're invisible to all of you just like the Google Search algorithms are invisible. The UI is not the main focus because it's pretty easy to copy, and our main focus is showing the right content to the right person. When you turn on Netflix, whether that's on an iPad or a PS3, you could see 15 or 20 block shots, and if those are the right 15 or 20 block shots for you, for your mood for the time of the day, we're very likely to get a play. If those aren't the right block shots, then we're much less likely to get a play. And then that builds our engagement, and the more people watch, the more they retain. And so that's really the importance of the algorithm development and testing that we do.
David Wells: I would also say that, for some subscribers, we're constantly testing user interfaces. There's a lot of exciting user interfaces coming up enabled by devices that enable gesturings, voice and other things. You'll see us continue to experiment and play with those types of interfaces in tests. And if we find one, then we'll continue to innovate in those areas.
Ellie Mertz: Amazon's Web Services had another significant outage this week. Did this impact Netflix in any way? If not, was that due to Netflix's planning for random outages or due to not using effective services in the first place? Do these events affect your confidence in using services like Amazon's AWS for critical infrastructure and customer-facing functions?
Reed Hastings: Okay. AWS has done a great job for us as they have for other customers by having an architecture that isolates faults, and so it's built upon the notion that occasionally data centers will go down, and they give you the components to build around that. That would be true if they were our own data centers or if they were AWS. And in recent outage that they had, our customers were not materially affected. The traffic switched over smoothly, as it's designed to, to other Amazon data centers. So we're extremely happy with the decision to expand within the Amazon Web Service's footprint.
Ellie Mertz: Next, some questions on competition. Can you compare the value proposition of your streaming offering to that of Amazon today? Is the gap closing?
Reed Hastings: Well, Amazon as Prime is 2 different markets that we compete with Amazon in, and one is in the U.K. and there are -- there's almost no content that's on both services. So think of it as 2 really different services in terms of content. And we believe our viewing is higher. We think our content is better. We're growing faster, but it's a real head-to-head battle. We're both at the same price point, roughly speaking, within 20% of the -- in standalone services. In the U.S., Amazon is bundled with Prime and it's got a subset of our content. And then depending on how you want to think about the price of Prime as an annual $79 payment or free, with free shipping, you get 2 different views on it. But as we said on the letter, most of our subscribers want us to have more content. They're not particularly motivated by a service that has a significant subset of our content. So at this point, it's not in anything that we can measure affecting us directly.
Ellie Mertz: Somewhat a related question. Reed Hastings recently stated in an interview that Amazon had thus far not had much of an impact on Netflix's growth trajectory. Yet given what we're seeing now, in terms of slowing subscriber growth and lower guidance, does this change Netflix's view at all in terms of how many customers may be choosing alternative providers?
Reed Hastings: Well, we ask ourselves the same question, obviously. But in every data source that we look at, unrelated. I think as Amazon builds out their original content, which they're very actively engaged in and they'll get exclusive deals against us, they'll more and more be a different service than ours. And then, many subscribers, potentially, will subscribe to both. So I think that's the way that it evolves over time, like it has in the U.K.
Ellie Mertz: Now a few questions on the financials. Will the company be disclosing its obligations related to original content production costs?
David Wells: Well, yes, we are in the sense that the obligations that we've signed up for on originals are included in our streaming obligation tables. So they are already in there. We don't break them out. We'll provide more color as they get more and more material.
Ellie Mertz: You talked about your expectations for negative free cash flow for the next several quarters as you ramp spending on originals. But eventually, you expect to return positive -- return to positive free cash flow. What gives you the confidence that you'll be able to return to positive free cash flow? Is it a slowdown in content spend or an acceleration in subscriber growth, or both?
David Wells: Well, I wouldn't characterize either of those that way. I would say that we're focused on 3 things from a cash flow perspective: One is our growth in profitability in the U.S. and what that looks like; the second is our international investments and the losses related to those and how they play out over time; and then, the third is our growth in originals, which takes more cash than ordinary types of content deals. So we put all 3 of those together, and we want to maintain a comfortable margin. And I think those statements are based on the fact that I think that we were in a position where we can grow next year under various scenarios and expand our content expense, not slow it down, but just slow down the acceleration of the content expense in addition to funding our international investment in originals.
Ellie Mertz: Can you help us quantify the original content cash outlays in 2013, understanding that they will be higher than the P&L expense?
David Wells: Well, what we said about those before is we do have some output style deals that have more cash than expense, and those are -- have been about 10% in terms of content cash relative to the expense. Originals only need that, that ratio goes up anywhere from 10% to 20%, but probably not more than 20%.
Ellie Mertz: 20% in excess of the P&L?
David Wells: Correct.
David Wells: How might we think of content spend growing year-over-year in 2013?
Reed Hastings: Hopefully, content spend will grow substantially as we continue to make our service better, and that's built into our plan, but we don't believe that we're overcommitted. We have some flexibility, though, depending on what the growth is because we're very conscious of the variability in our growth outcomes. And you can see that in the fact that while we're short on total subscriber growth this year, we are hitting our contribution margin targets. And so that's a demonstration of the flexibility that we have on the cost side.
Ellie Mertz: On CapEx, what was the driver of the uptick in the acquisition of PCNEs [ph]?
Reed Hastings: It's cash boxes related to our Open Connect program.
Ellie Mertz: And finally, there has been increasing talk that Netflix will eventually have to raise prices to increase ARPU. We've heard from management that this option is off the table, with the brand seemingly recovering from 2011's event. Is this something that is being discussed? Would it be unrealistic to expect an increase before 2014? Obviously, it cannot stay $7.99 forever.
Reed Hastings: Well, we're very excited about the $7.99 price point, and we have no plans to change that. Consumers valued the incredible bargain that, that is and that helps our growth. So we see increased monetization from increased growth rather than any change in price.
Ellie Mertz: At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to the operator, and we'll begin taking live call-in questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As the usage model switches more and more towards TV viewing, could you talk about the impact that could have on the business model in terms of margins, visibility into revenue and into profits, and maybe any pricing options that, that would give you?
Reed Hastings: Mark, there's no fundamental difference in the way that we license TV shows from the way that we license movies. In other words, it's a fixed payment per year or per time period. The only difference, I suppose, is we'll do a contract that will have, if there's a Season 3, Season 4, Season 5 that's built in. So I suppose there's a little bit of difference there. But fundamentally, it's content over some time period. And -- but the great experience about the TV shows in discovering them is being able to go all the way back to the pilot and really get a lot of fantastic viewing out of it, which creates a differentially better experience than any other provider. So that's the big asset of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I had a couple. First on the domestic streaming subs. You mentioned the Olympics as a factor. You also mentioned the change in seasonality earlier in the years, so I was just wondering, given the way that you exited 3Q and the very back-end loaded nature of 4Q, how you approach the fourth quarter guide for streaming subs? And on that topic, as it relates to early 2013 as well as more of the originals in the U.S. market, House of Cards and Arrested Development start to flow through potentially. Do you anticipate that, that drives subs above seasonal trends or is content and original content not necessarily a direct driver of subs? And then secondly, Fox I think recently opted to renew with HBO with an exclusive long-term deal. I don't know, it's like 2 to 3 years ahead of the renewal. Just wondering why you think they would opt to do that rather than giving Netflix a chance to bid for the rights?
David Wells: Scott, I can -- this is David. I can take sort of Part A and B, and I'll let Reed take the Part C. Part A, the seasonal pattern is still in place. That is that we still see greater sub additions in the fourth quarter and first quarter than in the second quarter and the third quarter. So I think even our midpoint of our guide implies that seasonal pattern will still be in place. The Olympics sort of affected the monthly progression of the acquisitions through Q3, but overall, seasonality of net additions is still in place. And then your Part B on originals and content, the originals we're very excited about we think that they will drive a lot of consumer excitement in it. But on a grand scheme, it's likely to be less than -- certainly less than 10% of hours viewed next year and maybe even less than 5% of viewed. So in terms of our planning, I don't expect that to drive a ton of additional adoption.
Reed Hastings: Scott, it's Reed here. You're very gracious because I imagine what you really feel is why do we make seasonality excuses and not Olympics excuses and aren't you getting tired of it. We are tired of making those excuses as opposed to getting back to our track record. On the seasonality -- or the originals, like David said, we may have upside from it, but we're not going to bake that into our spending plans. We're getting into unknown territory in terms of how many people come to us for House of Cards or Arrested or others. So we'll gain some experience in that, and then that will help us understand how much more investment we should do in originals after that. But at this point and in Q1, we will think of it just as upside. And then in Fox and HBO, I'm not sure. Maybe the deal from HBO is good enough, but I think you'd really have to ask them or Fox, and we'll take it from there.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I could squeeze one last one. The social integration update, and talked about historically there are restrictions in the U.S. Is there any update to that?
Reed Hastings: No, there's a bill in Congress now that is pending before the Congress, and it's anybody's guess if they're going to pass it in a lame duck session. And then that would enable all different types of consumer permissions for sharing, which would be useful in a Facebook context but also useful in any kind of meta-browse various types of scenarios where people want to allow a feed to go to a service to help them. So we're optimistic, but when we come to the Congress, it's hard to predict. And then in terms of outside the U.S., we're continuing to learn on our international markets. We've seen some nice take-up in Brazil, which is a very social place, obviously, as well as in the U.K. So we're continuing to work on it, but no one yet has correct formula, us or anyone else, in terms of real explosive generator. So it's in the category of a little bit positive, and we're continuing to work on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Youssef Squali from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: A couple of questions. The -- I want to go back to the one of the first questions that was asked about the 3 years needed to restore your image. How did you get to that determination that it should take you guys about 3 years? And why isn't it taking shorter since you guys have basically, arguably after a year, I think people start forgetting, and to the extent that the quality of content keeps improving, it would kind of get restored faster than that. And then I have a follow-up.
Reed Hastings: Let's -- Youssef, let's hope you're right, but it's not something we wanted to count on. 3 years was something we felt comfortable we could deliver on in terms of our reputation. And some people do forget in 1 year, other people take a longer time. We're just going to have to work really hard on providing a great value and stick to our knitting, and then the brand will steadily recover. And if it's sooner than 3 years, that's great.
Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: But you don't think that's an indication rather of just maybe perceived lower quality of content?
Reed Hastings: No. The best indicator of our perceived quality of content is how much we're getting viewed, how often -- you go home, it's Wednesday night, and you want to pick something to watch and you have to decide whether you're going to pick up your cable or satellite remote or you're going to put on a DVD or you're going to watch Netflix. And the more of those moments of truth that we win, the more people are engaged with our service and the more they retain and the more they tell their friends about Netflix. And so our primary driver is winning those moments of truth, which, if you think about it, is based upon your expectation of finding something good. And the better that those first 20 titles are for you, the more likely you are to turn it on, Netflix first, as opposed to one of the other entertainment options first. And so because our engagement is higher than it's been in the past, we're really confident substantially up over 30%, we feel really good about that in terms of our content mix getting better and better.
Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And, David, if I just may, can you maybe just talk about trends of usage and consumption of exclusive versus nonexclusive content, and maybe parlay that with the mix in your content cost between the 2?
David Wells: We're seeing engagement across both exclusive and nonexclusive categories. So in some cases, the exclusive content may cost more, but it's viewed more because it's worth more. The consumer doesn't -- isn't able to get that somewhere else. So you can infer from that, and some exclusive categories have higher viewing. But we're seeing user hours across nonexclusive content as well. In fact, at this point in time, there's more nonexclusive content on Netflix than there is exclusive content, and our hours continue to go up. And then your second part of your question was around cost, is that right, Youssef?
Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Right.
David Wells: In terms of -- there's an expectation that we'll move to exclusive over time, and that means that the cost will be -- will pay more for exclusive content.
Youssef H. Squali - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: But you feel that you're -- basically, if you look at ROI for exclusive versus nonexclusive, you don't think the ROI on the exclusive is lower just because you're paying more for it?
David Wells: No. I mean, we look for engagement across that category of exclusive, so we look for deals and types of content that works well relative in that exclusive class. And we think that there is a point where we're not going to be 100% exclusive, but we'll move more and more towards exclusive content as a differentiator. And it is important for us.
Reed Hastings: And, Youssef, it's Reed. You really want to keep in mind how many different flavors of exclusive there are. There's exclusive for online, there's exclusive against DVD, there's exclusive against cable -- cable with TV Everywhere and without. So there's a lot of different options and degrees as opposed to a simple nonexclusive, exclusive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask a couple of things. In your letter, you talked about the long-term domestic market opportunity potentially being 2x to 3x that of linear HBO. And I'm just curious how you get there. So if we think about broadband households, it would seem that the number is approaching the number of cable households, but at the same time, there's still a limited amount of time in the day and a limited amount of disposable income. So I'm trying to understand how you get comfortable with that market opportunity being 2x to 3x. And then secondly, can you just update us where you are in terms of your personalized plans, what you might do around dual streaming?
Reed Hastings: Sure. In terms of the 60 million to 90 million, we've got that online strategy deck, which outlines some of this. But I'll run through it quickly, which is if you think about us versus linear HBO, we're able to be consumed on multiple platforms: laptop, tablet, phone. We're purely on demand with an on-demand brand. We have much broader content range, including a lot of kid's content, and we have a lower price than HBO. So it's extrapolating those factors that make us feel comfortable about the 2x to 3x, or 60 million to 90 million. In terms of broadband households, we do have the assumption that all households become broadband households, and that, that will happen over the next 5 or 10 years. And so that doesn't become a practical limiter in the same way that cable is in every household. And so that we'll equal, essentially, HBO in terms of addressable market, but because of lower price and the other factors have a larger actual market. And then on the personal stream plans, that's still something that's in development. We've been prioritizing some other things because it's a fairly minor issue, so maybe sometime this quarter and next quarter.
David Wells: I think you'll see some testing this quarter, and then depending on the actual performance of that, we'll role that out accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. One, just the explosion of tablets. Reed, you talked before about how TV is still the primary viewing place that you need to get to, to drive your business. But we just with such -- we're seeing so many different companies launch ever cheaper and smaller tablets to get them into more people's hands across the globe. I'm just wondering how you think that tablet rollout impacts Netflix's subscriber growth over the course of the next couple of years relative to the importance you've place historically on the TV? And then just, too, somewhat related, you resigned from the Microsoft board. I just guess it would be -- a lot of people are curious what should we read into that, if anything?
Reed Hastings: Sure. On the Microsoft board, I'm on 6 different boards, and I felt like this is a good time, because Microsoft is strong coming out with Windows 8, for me to trim that back and to focus more on Netflix. So that's the story there. In terms of the tablet question, it's definitely growing for us. The question is, is it a straight substitute for a laptop as it grows, in which case it doesn't particularly affect us, or is it a net addition because it's a better consumption device than a typical laptop? We think there's some truth to the latter. The other scenario where tablets are really interesting are choosing on the tablet and then consuming on a TV. So one-second screen scenario that people talk about is you watch on the TV and then all the supplemental information, the history, the actors, et cetera, is on your tablet. And that's nice. But what we see is a big opportunity in using the power of touch to really choose what you want to watch, and then to be able to select it and then it's automatically playing on your TV. We've got a demonstration of that now on iPad and Android with the PS3, and then that's something we're working with all the CE ecosystem to build in so that over the next several years, this becomes a general capability for Netflix's choosing, which is to be able to get used to the power of touch in intimacy but then be able to enjoy the large-screen audio and video experience.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Hargreaves from Pacific Crest.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask on the international stuff. How long would you stay in the market before you decided the profit potential wasn't worth the ongoing investment if things aren't going the way you thought?
Reed Hastings: Andy, there's very little chance of that happening because we've got long-term content deals that we pay on, so it's not an active topic. As long as the revenue growth is good and there's no competitor ahead of us where we have to face a decision of doubling down or not, it's clearly the right economic course to push forward and to derive the benefit. And we look at Latin America will be an awesome profit source for us with a great service over time, like it is for DirecTV today. And then in the U.K., you know it's a more competitive dynamic, but we're really making great progress. And so both are really important to us. And of course, Canada, already, is very successful.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And on the U.S. marketing expense, it looks that's come down through the year just on a run-rate basis from where you were in Q1. Is that accurate, and can you just walk us through how you're thinking about your marketing domestically?
Reed Hastings: Well, in markets that we've already got a very large share, there's less need to spend in marketing on the margin than in new markets where we're just getting established. So you're seeing a little bit of that.
David Wells: Yes, we're just gaining in efficiency in terms of word of mouth being more and more effective.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then just last clarification. Was that 3 billion number you guys gave in terms of hours viewed, that was -- is that global or just U.S.?
Reed Hastings: All the numbers that we've been talking about are global, so the 1 billion for June, the over 3 billion for the quarter, Q3, are global.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Question about your comments about Hulu and the release, talked about it being a wildcard. And you said in terms of U.S. viewing, Hulu is your closest competitor. And so I just wanted to ask a little more about that. Is there anything that you can add as to why Hulu's programming is more substitutable for Netflix than, let's say, Amazon or HBO? And what makes them a global wildcard?
Reed Hastings: What makes them the wildcard is the ownership owned by 3 of the largest content companies in the world. And in terms of their viewing, I think they're closest to us because they focus on television like we do now, so they've got a good match in that way. And then they have the -- in addition to some of the TV shows, they have some current seasons in sort of catch-up mode, where they have last 5 episodes and then it falls off the service. But -- so they kind of have all -- you can think of it as almost 2 different markets or segments, but they get a lot of viewing on that new TV.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then one more. Just back to, I guess, one of the earlier questions about the studio output deals. It does just seem as though, with Epix and Starz and Fox and Warner, that many of the majors are spoken for. And so is there anything you can add to the comment that you plan to bid for further deals? Is it -- can you talk about other deals that could be coming up? Are they more so smaller studio output deals? Is it -- are we talking, I guess, Universal could be coming up? Can you just give us a little more in terms of elaboration on that comment that you wrote?
Reed Hastings: Sure. There's small ones potentially. Again, if we're -- I think you're probably asking U.S. because that's our biggest market. In the U.S., there's some smaller ones that we can work on. And then there's Universal, Disney, Sony, all of which come up over the next 5 years. But none of them are going to change, they wouldn't be live for us on the new movies in the next 2 years. So I don't think it's probably hugely material to your -- for this, for the long-term, good for us to be a bidder there.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Dreamworks Animation movies go live soon, is that right? Could you just remind us on that one?
David Wells: It's in 2013, Anthony, so we've got -- it comes up in 2013. So as soon as -- it depends on what your definition of soon...
Reed Hastings: We can find [indiscernible] what's the first one coming through on that deal.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. But it's for any movies released in 2013 as opposed to just starting in 2013. So, right, so it wouldn't actually be -- it would be any theatrical film released in 2013 be eligible for the subsequent Pay TV output window, is that correct?
Reed Hastings: That's correct.
David Wells: Yes, that's right. Anthony, just one final comment. We do have existing deals that have plenty of film output coming through. But you guys focused on additional things that we could add. But there's deals with FilmDistrict, Open Road, Relativity and others that are flowing film to the site now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer & Co.
Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Most of the questions have been answered. Just a quick one. So in the release, you do give some color about you don't see voluntary churn as an issue, and you continue to see gross acquisition up on a year-over-year basis. Do you have any regrets, just given the volatility in the stocks, for not putting out gross ads and churn anymore, just given that it would seem like additional metrics might help reduce the volatility in the stock and help people understand? And alternatively, how about providing churn kind of on a trailing 12-month basis or something, just to kind of get your thoughts about that.
David Wells: I don't have any regrets in providing it, Jason. I think the volatility was introduced in the 7 million and not meeting the 7 million, so I don't think that would have helped.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Wible from Janney.
Anthony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: In the past, you guys have given penetration of the service in the San Francisco Bay Area. Can you guys give what that adoption number is today for just the streaming component? And the second question is, have you guys seen any change in attitudes on the content producers in light of some of the recent ratings weakness? Have they been more eager to cut digital deals to kind of fiddle what may be a revenue shortfall, or are they becoming a little bit more weary? Any color would be helpful.
Reed Hastings: Tony, in terms of the regional penetration, we used to do that because on the DVD side, we had several years of overnight delivery in the San Francisco Bay Area but not the rest of the country, so it was several years ahead. There's not an equivalent market where we had streaming before another market. So we don't, internally nor externally, focus on a sort of market-level prediction. In terms of the content producers, you got a wide mix. You get -- some of you are concerned for all the reasons that you addressed, and some that are more interested in the digital revenue. So the great news for us is there's no single producer that's a material part of our content. There's many different producers for many different companies. And so that helps us, and they're all looking for the best dollar, and then we're a bidder for that content.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wondering if you could give us a bit of an update in terms of what you're seeing in the device ecosystem going into the holiday season. What kind of device penetration you're expecting, both television and as well as -- as well as to the extent that there's a mobile metric that you could provide, as well, relative to what we saw last holiday season, particularly for the remote Netflix buttons?
Reed Hastings: Heath, it's Reed. I mean, we'll have more Netflix buttons on more Smart TVs than we've ever had. Smart TVs, as you know, are becoming a larger percentage of all TVs. It's becoming pretty standard and built-in, so that's a significant positive. There's the Wii U releasing shortly, that's a new game console. And so we'll see if that takes off and provides us a special lift. And then mobile is -- been very strong for several years and continues to be strong. I don't see a huge, like, CE-related hockey stick to that part of the business.
Ellie Mertz: Okay, that's going to be the last question for today. Reed, would you like to provide any closing remark?
Reed Hastings: I just want to thank you all for the questions. We're continuing to work very hard and look forward to being in a better place relative to our guidance a quarter from now. We certainly try very hard every quarter, and it doesn't feel great to come in, in the lower half. But it is what it is, and we're moving forward.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today's program. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellie Mertz Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee David Wells - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Anthony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nathaniel Schindler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard Kang Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. I'm joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the second quarter at approximately 1 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q2 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. After email Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines in case there are additional questions not covered by the email Q&A or letter. The dial-in number is within our investor letter but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you'd like to get in the queue. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to the risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific today. Now let's move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: [Operator Instructions] So we're going to start with questions about subscriber metrics and our guidance. First question. How closely tied are hours viewed per subscriber and your subscriber metrics especially churn? Has there been any material improvement in customer churn in domestic streaming? If not, why does not the higher engagement reflected in the higher hours translate into improved churn?
Reed Hastings: Well absolutely, viewing and retention are connected. The more a subscriber uses Netflix, the more that they stay a subscriber as you would expect, and there's significant variation between those who watch an hour a month, 10 hours a month and 50 hours a month. And so, we're always trying to improve the experience, more content, better viewing, better streaming to increase the amount of viewing because then, subscribers prioritize the $7.99 for Netflix above other expenses.
Ellie Mertz: You said in the letter that Netflix's goal was to become the world's most popular TV and movie service. Presumably, you're defining success by the number of global streaming subscribers. The bears [ph] believe that Netflix cannot become this large because at $8 a month, the company cannot compensate the content providers enough. Can you comment on this?
Reed Hastings: Well, we've been charging $8 a month for streaming for several years and we've continued to grow the subscriber growth and to grow the content. And we're basically continuing to execute on that game plan, and that's helped us grow very considerably. So I don't see what the issue is per se with an $8 service if you get a lot of members, and that's what we're focused on: to be able to continue to build out the content.
Ellie Mertz: On guidance, I'm curious about the Olympic impact comment. In previous Olympics, how much did the games impact subscriber growth?
Reed Hastings: Well, it's hard for us to gauge the Beijing 2008 Olympics because we had a 3-day DVD outage right at the same time. I would say that we did feel some impact and there's uncertainty around whether that impact is permanent, meaning it's just a permanent reduction in acquisitions or if it's just a deferral through the games. So I would say that through the first 3 weeks of 2012, we would have expected to be above 2010 levels, and what we're seeing is that we're nearly at 2010 levels, so it gave us some more uncertainty in terms of what Q3 would look like in terms of being at a 2010 level of 1.8 million net addition.
Ellie Mertz: A related question. You talked about some of the headwinds you're facing on subscribers, including the Olympics this summer. Given these headwinds, what will it take to reach your full year goal for net adds? Another question, what are the risks in Q4 net add guidance to make that 7 million number?
David Wells: Well, I think there's a number of puts and calls. There's Netflix's reputation. As that continues to build back, there's improvements that we make between now and Q4. Then there's all the Smart TV sales that are -- all the manufacturers are very focused on Q4. So those would be all the positives. Negatives would be if there's a substantial new competition between now and then, other factors like that. Economic issues don't tend to affect us much because we're so -- such a good value so I don't think we have much risks on up and downs in the economy.
Ellie Mertz: A question on devices. Does the slowdown in game console and DVD players sales impact new streaming adoption? What about the slate of low-end tablets in the back half? How are you thinking about the benefits from smaller and cheaper tablets?
Reed Hastings: We'll see, take -- to that second part first, on tablets. They're mostly used at this point as a laptop substitute, and so we don't see it as net incremental availability because everyone who's got a tablet, also has a laptop and could've been using us on a laptop. And then Blu-rays, the question asked about DVD slowdown, that's true. But Blu-rays haven't yet slowed down. Presumably, they will eventually and most Blu-ray players can play Netflix and then the big category growth is in Smart TVs.
Ellie Mertz: Can you give us some color on U.S. streaming growth adds and churn during the quarter? Were both metrics as you expected? Was there a seasonal pick up churn?
David Wells: We hit the -- basically, right about the midpoint of the range. So yes, both churn and gross additions were as expected. We saw a seasonal -- a small seasonal decline in retention, which we have seen before from Q1 to Q2. So we're right where we thought we were going to be.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about content. Has there been a shift in content acquisition away from large-scale buys to a more focused, cost-effective approach that targets lucrative niche areas such as kids TV, past seasons of original series such as Mad Men, not to mention your original programming. It appears that a more streamlined focus strategy can help rein in content costs while quite possibly, improving the streaming selection. In other words, is this a focus on quality over quantity?
Reed Hastings: Well one, we're not trying to rein in content costs. We're continuing to invest more and more each year in content. Two, there's no shift. We're always focused on what does a piece of content cost versus how much we think it's going to get viewed. And so, where you see us get small or interesting films or TV shows, it's because we think the economics work in the amount we pay versus how much we think it's going to get viewed. And that's been consistent for several years.
Ellie Mertz: What are your release plans for original programming? While consumers would clearly love you to follow the all-at-once strategy to enable binge viewing, that strategy appears far from ideal vis-a-vis churn. As disconnecting and connecting Netflix is so easy, how do you balance those 2 dynamics?
Reed Hastings: Well, we're fundamentally focused on making it a great consumer experience and we do think it's an improved experience that only an on-demand service like Netflix can offer to have all the episodes at once. And so, we're going down that path. And I don't think there's a negative churn implication to it. I think there's a positive implication because it's a better and unique experience. And the more we develop compelling experiences, the bigger our market opportunity is.
David Wells: I would also add to that, that our expectation is, if we're successful with our originals, that we'll have multiple launches. So the availability of one season of one particular title might be followed up by another title that becomes available.
Reed Hastings: And as an example of that, Lilyhammer season 2 which I know all of you are hanging on, is going to be available next year.
Ellie Mertz: Another question on originals. You indicated you would "blow away" already impressive streaming hours when originals launch in 2013. What gives you the confidence that it will not simply be a substitute for existing Netflix content?
Reed Hastings: I think what we've seen is growth in viewing that's just huge over the last 5 years and we expect that growth in streaming to continue, including the originals. And we've been very happy relative to the investment on Lilyhammer, and so we're feeling quite good about the rise of Arrested Development season 4, House of Cards and our other originals.
Ellie Mertz: A final question on originals. Why have originals slipped to 2013 from late 2012? Is production on schedule?
Reed Hastings: Production's on schedule for first quarter 2013, yes.
Ellie Mertz: Streaming consumption seems to have swung heavily toward TV shows, and Netflix is benefiting from having some high-profile exclusive TV content like Mad Men. Is this a core strategy or at the right price, would you shift your content dollars more aggressively back towards movies?
Reed Hastings: We're in the business of providing great entertainment to our members at a very low price and part of that is the programming strategy which is to acquire content, that relative to the dollars we pay for, gets viewed a lot. And we're agnostic as to whether that's features, TV, kids TV, different kinds of episodic. And so where you see dollars shifting around, it's because that's where there's value to offer our subscribers. So yes, we would be totally open to getting good value, either on the features side, or on the many different types of television side, including originals.
Ellie Mertz: It sounds like you'll have nonexclusive Epix content for one more year. Are current discussions on potential exclusivity complete? Any chance of keeping the content beyond 1 year?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think it's just great content and we have it for the next year guaranteed and then we'll go from there. Certainly, it's working very well for both Epix and us at this point.
Ellie Mertz: Another question on that. How would you expect Netflix to be impacted by the likely appearance of Epix movies on competing services?
Reed Hastings: We wouldn't expect to be affected significantly. Epix is not a particularly large source of total viewing. Much more of our viewing is on our exclusives as was referenced, Mad Men, Breaking Bad and such shows.
Ellie Mertz: Do you think the recent renegotiations between MSOs and cable companies will negatively impact your access to content or the price will be apt to pay going forward?
Reed Hastings: No, we don't have that expectation.
Ellie Mertz: Question on HBO. So why did you comment -- in the letter, you commented on working together with HBO. How would you work together with HBO? Would you license HBO programming and/or co-finance programming? Potential timing?
Reed Hastings: I'm not sure what we would do. My point is that we're just another network, and that when you have multiple networks, they often find ways of working together. So it's a general point that it's not a zero-sum game between HBO and Netflix. And that, in fact, there may be ways of working together. But there's nothing particularly pressing.
Ellie Mertz: Leading to a question on competition. How does Netflix plan on competing with growing online streamers? For example, with Amazon, Hulu and Google?
Reed Hastings: Well, we've been competing with 2 of those. Google doesn't really have a subscription premium TV service at this point. And so, with Google, we advertise a lot on YouTube and we're one of the biggest advertisers there, which is very successful for us and for Google. In terms of Amazon and Hulu Plus, if you look at the Sandvine data on streaming usage in the U.S., we've got a huge lead and that lead is only growing.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions on internationals. What gives you the confidence that you can achieve breakeven, let alone profitability, in international markets outside of Canada, arguably the 51st state?
David Wells: Well, we've seen increasing engagement in those markets outside of the U.S., and we've seen our ability to improve our losses from Q1 to Q2. Now, we've made the decision to raise our content spend in the U.K. like we did in Canada because we are encouraged by the results, the early results we've seen. So I think it's the ability for us to demonstrate the growth in those markets quickly and in the engagement in those markets that gives us the confidence that we can.
Reed Hastings: Do it and get the profit to breakeven and it's not just to breakeven and to substantial profitability.
David Wells: Correct.
Ellie Mertz: Some of these are related questions. What would cause the company to slow its international plans down and concentrate on growing consolidated profits instead?
Reed Hastings: When we have finished our international expansion, we would certainly do that. But until then, our model, as we've explained, is to get back to profitability and then open a new market, get back to profitability, open a new market. And that's based on the view that there's an extraordinary once-in-a-lifetime or once-in-a-generation opportunity to build a franchise in many markets as we've been building. And we think that our U.K., Ireland and LatAm expansions to date will, over time, prove to be very valuable and we'll all be very happy that we've done it.
Ellie Mertz: So doesn't this mean that the street should not assume meaningful growth in reported net income for the next few years, the profits from new market launches offsetting rising profits in the rest of the business?
Reed Hastings: Yes, that's completely consistent with what we've been saying. As long as there are good markets to enter around the world, that we would take the U.S. profits or the global profits and put them into faster international expansion.
David Wells: And I'd say just to round that out, the 3 conditions for additional expansion that we've said before were: one, that we would get back to global profitability to a breakeven level; two, that we are pleased with the progress that we're making in our existing markets; and three, that there would be an additional market identified that we think represents a good opportunity to expand.
Ellie Mertz: Given the capital needs for launching new markets, particularly for content acquisitions, is income statement-based profitability the right metric to use in determining new market launches or is there a component of cash flow or cash balance that you should also use to determine the timing and size of new market launches?
Reed Hastings: If international was a user of cash outside the P&L, that could be true, but it's not. It's substantially neutral between cash and P&L on international. The only big cash uses relative to P&L are the originals and some of the movie output deals. Anything else, David on...
David Wells: No, I'd say that -- I mean, there's a small -- a minor thing in Q2 where we had content added in the U.K. to the site that came in mid-quarter that was a small use of cash. But other than the mid-quarter, that's correct. We're -- our cash -- our content expense is matching our content cash, other than those exceptions you mentioned.
Ellie Mertz: Do you have enough data to discuss whether or not the usage trends in the international markets differ compared to the U.S. via TV shows versus movies, amount of time spent watching, et cetera.
Reed Hastings: There are many interesting similarities and differences. For competitive reasons, I'm not going to go into them.
Ellie Mertz: In your letter under the Latin American section, you've stated you've modified your sign-up flow to improve free trial to paid conversions. Can you flesh that out for us and tell us exactly what you mean by that? What do you mean by modified in your sign up flow?
Reed Hastings: Why don't you answer that, Ellie?
Ellie Mertz: One of the challenges we have in Latin America is that there's great popularity for trying a free trial, yet a month goes by and we try to run your credit card, your payment method and we can't get the payment method to run. So what we've done in Latin America is increase our upfront checks to make sure that when that free trial comes to completion, we have a valid payment method on trial. And so what we've done is increase the validation and seeing the results through improved conversion. Turning to some questions on marketing. Given the solid earnings results, I would like to know if you believe you might have been able to dial up a few more subscriber adds with the somewhat larger marketing budget. In other words, why did you decrease marketing expense quarter-over-quarter with net adds volume?
David Wells: So narrowly, yes, we could have but that would've been inefficient spend. Typically, marketing goes down from Q1 to Q2 because it's a less attractive quarter to acquire new subscribers.
Ellie Mertz: Why do you emphasize content titles so much in the investor letter but not in your marketing?
Reed Hastings: In our marketing, we're really focused on try Netflix for free and then a consumer gets to experience the content. And so, it's a little different with investors. They already know of the content, they're generally users and what the content in the latter helps do is flesh out the picture of the new things that they might not otherwise be aware of. So they're sort of 2 different audiences.
Ellie Mertz: Some questions on your DVD business. Redbox Instant by Verizon unveiled its management team this morning. Does the coming Redbox Instant subscription offering increase the importance of your Netflix DVD business?
Reed Hastings: Our Netflix DVD business is very important, both amongst its 9-plus million members and for the profit it generates. We don't see any change in that. The Redbox Verizon streaming subscription service will have a long way to go just to break through the top 3. So we'll see what happens as they launch.
Ellie Mertz: We've heard and read increasing complaints about extended wait times for Netflix DVDs. We are curious how DVD inventory per subscriber compares to your historic metrics and whether you are using DVD inventory as a margin lever.
David Wells: So we measure something called first choice here and have a long time, and I would say that metric was flat through the second quarter. There are certain titles that you get caught in between content negotiation deals. And I would say HBO, for the HBO titles, were one of the only places you can actually get HBO through physical delivery. So we may be seeing some concentration of demand on those titles. In general, it's not a large profit lever for us because most of our shipments are catalog and I would say that the profit characteristics of that from Q1 to Q2 were more driven by reduced usage that's seasonal, seasonally low in Q2.
Ellie Mertz: How sustainable are the contribution margins for the DVD business going forward especially beyond this year?
David Wells: So what we said in the letter, it would be flat going through this year. I would say with the postal increases that we expect going forward, there'd be a slight decline.
Ellie Mertz: Of the 850k domestic DVD subscribers lost during the quarter, how many of those just dropped the DVD subscriptions but kept streaming or dropped from DVD to streaming?
David Wells: The migration patterns stayed consistent through Q2. We've got a bunch of people that joined the streaming service, some leave and come back as rejoins and a smaller percentage joined DVD only.
Ellie Mertz: Question on the service offering. It seems that you are now more consistently policing the policy of limiting to 3 simultaneous streaming devices. Do you see revenue with the opportunity for family plans or additional personalizations?
Reed Hastings: To clarify the premise of the question, there's no limit on devices. There is a limit for a standard Netflix streaming, $8 streaming account on 2 concurrent streams. So of a couple, you can each watch one different show at the same time or kids can watch one and adults can watch another. And that's been consistent for several years, so it's been quite a while.
Ellie Mertz: Does Netflix plan on streaming current episodes that were aired a few days ago to its customers for a small premium?
Reed Hastings: No. We're really focused on prior seasons and helping the current content developers build audiences. This is what we've done with Breaking Bad and Mad Men and other shows that are quite serialized. And that's a good way for us to build out the total ecosystem. The only shows that we would have fully current, we would have current and exclusive, will be our original series, House of Cards, Arrested Development season 4 and similar.
Ellie Mertz: A question on streaming delivery and Open Connect. Open Connect already serves some 10% of Netflix's streaming traffic. Can you break out the cost of hardware deployment so far or characterize the expected long-term cost savings? What pace of transition from third-party CDNs do you expect?
Reed Hastings: The cost savings will show up in the P&L more than on the balance sheet, and timing is of over -- it will just continue to grow. The 10% will continue to rise every quarter, and then it partially depends on the economics. I'm not sure about 2 years from now, what the ratio will be. But we'll just continue to invest in Open Connect. It's a more efficient, more tailored single-purpose CDN for our needs.
Ellie Mertz: Has Netflix changed its position with respect to paying MSO and telcos for preferred data access? Do you think this will evolve differently for wired and wireless?
Reed Hastings: We don't have a position on paying for preferred access and we don't pay for preferred access.
Ellie Mertz: A few questions on the financial statement. Why did the fully diluted share count increase from 55.5 million in Q1 to 58.8 million in Q2, a 5.9% jump?
David Wells: Because we swung to a profit. GAAP accounting would have you bake in the fully dilutive effects of the convert we did in November and that's not the case when you're at a loss -- in a loss position.
Ellie Mertz: What is the balance streaming content as of 6/30/12 that are currently reflected on the balance sheet?
David Wells: I think I know what you're asking, which is what is the minimum streaming obligations that are reported in our commitments table. Last quarter, in Q1, it was $3.7 billion of long-term liabilities and obligations not reflected on the balance sheet. That's $3.8 billion, so roughly flat. If you include the $1.2 billion in short-term liabilities, the total is $5 billion, corresponding to a $4.8 billion total in Q1. So again, up slightly.
Ellie Mertz: At this time, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and we'll begin taking call-in questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente from Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have 2 questions. First, for Reed, you've talked in the past about how TV Everywhere authentication is potentially a big long-term competitor for you. In a lot of negotiations between the content programmers and the distributors, digital, I think, has come into play and I don't -- whether it has to do with ratings declines. You could argue that the presence of some programming on Netflix is having a little bit of an erosive effect on linear TV ratings or whether it's just the digital rights themselves. I think some of the distributors would like to have them in the traditional multichannel bundle. You, I think -- I think you said earlier that those negotiations should not or you do not expect those to impact pricing or availability of additional content. And so, I just wonder why not and why wouldn't they?
Reed Hastings: Anthony, it sounded like just one question. Did you say you had 2?
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, I wanted to also ask about a comment that you made about profitability. I think you said that it would be either a couple or few years before you stopped reinvesting profits or contribution margin from the U.S. business into international. And so, we're just trying to model earnings going forward and it sounded like you'd mentioned the company would be operating at breakeven for the next couple of years. So I wanted to clarify that too.
Reed Hastings: Yes, it's true that modeling earnings, global earnings for Netflix for the next couple of years is a relatively easy task because as the U.S. and our profitable international expansion become positive, we'll tend to turn that money around and invest in additional markets. Back to your first question, think of it as it's whoever pays the most money. So if a content owner wants to make money, the most money possible, they'll offer those digital rights both to us and to the existing distributors and sometimes exclusive, one or the other or sometimes noninclusive to both. And then it's just a matter of who bids the most for the different content sources. And so, they've been active bidders, all the networks have, and as well as Amazon, Hulu Plus and others. So that's why I say there's no particular effect to say the recent battles between programmers and distributors because for several years, programmers have wanted to get as much money as they can, which they should. So there's no particular climate change in the last 3 months.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could one potential climate change be that now the distributors have their own broadband distribution solution, whether it's Comcast X1 or a different sort of Netflix-like service that's in the multichannel bundle that now, they're clearly are paying so much more in overall affiliate fees that they could integrate or bring in the digital rights as a holistic package with the content that they're buying already such that they get the hometown discount. I guess that's the concern.
Reed Hastings: Yes, it's a concern but ultimately, the programmer, if we offer $10 million and the programmer will then use that as leverage against the other distributors and say, "Hey, we want at least $10 million more." And so, again if you look at it from the producer's standpoint, having more bidders than the other distributors is good for the content owner because then there's more bidders at the table. And we've said from the beginning that we think TV Everywhere and improving MVPD is our long-term competition and that thesis remains intact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on 2 things. First, Reed, I know somebody asked you earlier about tablets but I wonder if I could draw you out just on the impact of smaller tablets. I know we've had very few in the market, but your thoughts on what kind of impact that could have, maybe overall, to video streaming. That would seem to be less cannibalistic or substitutable, whatever the word is for laptops? And then secondly, could you just go over again the personalized plan options or the revenue opportunities new, if you have any, that come from the simultaneous -- the extensive simultaneous streaming you're currently seeing amongst your user base?
Reed Hastings: Sure. On the smaller form factors, if they're Wi-Fi connected, they're used in the home in pretty similar situations to how a laptop might be used. And as they come in, it makes a better viewing experience, the battery life is better, they're easier to hold so that would be a mild positive. There's certainly nothing negative about it. It's just not a revolutionary new way to watch. Whereas for example, a mobile phone when you can watch out of the home subject to the data caps, that's more impactful. And then on personal streams, think of it as, let's see, today, what we offer is a 2 simultaneous-stream program and some large families, that doesn't work for. They'll have 3 or 4 simultaneous streams going today, and what that family has to do today is get 2 Netflix accounts. And then they have to partition their devices, some set of TVs only work on one account and some set of TVs work on the other account. And ultimately, we want to help those families save money by being able to offer a family account, which has more than 2 simultaneous streams. So I wouldn't model it as a revenue opportunity. If anything, it would be a discount for those families in a lower price for more consumption. But in whether it's a slight reduction or slight increase, it's very much on the margin.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer & Company.
Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So you talked about streaming -- the increased streaming usage helping to reduce or increase actually, member retention. I mean, can you talk directionally -- I mean, over time, one would imagine that we get to some type of 75% retention rate, which is typically what we see at subscription services. If you could just talk about direction, are we going in the right place and do you see that as a potential level over time? And then secondly on the international front, you do talk a lot about the letter. Most of us know about the competition in the U.K. but can you talk about the competitive environment in Latin America?
Reed Hastings: Yes. In terms of retention, it'll sound strange but we really don't focus on it that much. We want to make it really easy for people to come in and out of the service, to give consumers a sense of control. At a high income level, consumers don't care about that, they just leave it on. But at a lower income level, they really value that ability. And so what we focus on instead is total net additions in any period or any geography. So that as there's more and more positive word of mouth about Netflix, we get more and more net additions. In terms of LatAm competition, there's a couple of streaming companies, one in Brazil, 1 or 2 in Mexico. Some of them do pay-per-view, some of them do subscription. Telefnica has an offering also. So there's a wide variety of competition. But none of it with the global scale and the ability to invest in the R&D to be able to have really incredible streaming and choosing experiences. So we think we have a really big advantage over any single nation firm that tries to compete.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Wible from Janney.
Anthony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I was hoping you could speak to the drop in amount of content acquisition in the cash flow. You alluded to earlier that the spread between you and Amazon is growing on title count and it does look like it's up substantially I guess, in the U.S. in the last 3 months. Are you just getting better terms or can you discuss why you guys have seen such a nice improvement there?
Reed Hastings: I just want to correct you. There's been no reference to -- relative to Amazon in terms of title count. So the reference is in terms of viewing hours as judged by the Sandvine or other reports about Internet streaming. And then you want to handle the cash flow?
David Wells: I mean, in terms of the cash flow, basically, the increased commitments would indicate that we were adding content through the quarter, but that content was coming on the balance sheet and off the amount that wasn't recognized or net recognition criteria before. So I don't think you can conclude from the cash flow that we got better deals.
Reed Hastings: And then just adding on to my prior answer on LatAm competition, piracy is one of the biggest competitors and I didn't mention that. In each country, there are pretty developed piracy networks and that's a significant source of competition.
Anthony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Second question is you guys haven't acquired anybody in the past. What would it take for you guys to consider acquiring your way into new countries? And to flip that around, what triggers would you need to see to consider merging with somebody?
Reed Hastings: We haven't given that a ton of thought. As you pointed out, in 14 years, we've never acquired anyone. I don't know that we would never do it, but it would be a pretty high bar for us to want to do that versus do what we do best and continue to grow organically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barton Crockett from Lazard Capital.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I wanted to make sure I was understanding what you said in your letter correctly about Epix. You said our online exclusivity expires shortly. Does that mean you've decided not to pay more money to retain exclusivity for the balance of the contract? And if that's in fact, your decision, I was wondering if you could talk about why you chose to do that.
Reed Hastings: Barton, it's something I don't want to add anymore comment to besides what we put in the letter.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. Well if I could try one other question then. You spoke about the Beijing Olympics. What about the Winter Olympics? Did that have any effect on subscriber growth a couple of years ago?
David Wells: It had a small negative effect in terms of as much as we could discern from it.
Reed Hastings: You can see, Barton, that people are viewing the Olympics impartially instead of viewing Netflix, which you -- it's harder to tell is do you make that up in the balance of the time period and sort of delay. But there's definitely, during those 10 or 14 days, people are shifting some consumption there. And we saw that on a lesser level with Euro Cup. And when -- an interesting anecdote is when the U.K. was in the Euro Cup, our viewing was at a certain level, and then they got knocked out of the Euro Cup and Netflix viewing expanded sharply like the next day. So that's to kind of give you an eye of the sort of substitutability of, I'm looking for entertainment, and if my nation's team is competing well, then there's less viewing.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: If I could follow up on that, are you seeing more of an impact early on from the Olympics now than you did with the Winter Olympics or you're guiding...
Reed Hastings: The Olympics haven't started, Barton.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I know they haven't started but you've -- cautioned in your guidance.
Reed Hastings: Sorry, we won't be able to see the impact for a week or 2.
David Wells: Yes, to narrowly answer your question, no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Hargreaves from Pacific Crest.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I know you weren't planning on talking about the next international market in detail until Q3 report, but I was wondering if you could give us any sense for what the initial start-up costs might be relative to the other markets that you've entered.
Reed Hastings: We haven't characterized that again, for competitive reasons, Andy. But when we announce the market, I think you'll be able to ballpark it reasonably.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you give us any update on how you guys are thinking about Facebook integration now that it's kind of regulatory-wise or a little bit of quagmire. Are you changing the process and do you still plan on going ahead with that this year?
Reed Hastings: It's working very well for us in the U.K. We're continuing to learn and expand that approach around the world outside of the U.S. And then as you pointed out on the legislation, it hasn't come out of the Senate at this point. So we're trying to figure out what's the best option there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask 2 things. I apologize if I missed this but on Amazon, you've talked in the past about them potentially becoming more of a standalone competitor, breaking away sort of with prime video. Any updates there on your view? And then secondly, can you give us any kind of color on how we should think about content costs going forward given that you won't have the exclusivity with Epix?
Reed Hastings: Doug, on the Amazon question, I assume that will eventually break it out of prime, but our view is that they would do that earlier this year hasn't yet proven to be true. So I don't have any further update on that. And then any cost savings from going nonexclusive on Epix, we would tend to turn around and invest in other content to continue to have more content. And consistent with the 100 basis-point growth in contribution margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nat Schindler from Merrill Lynch.
Nathaniel Schindler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two quick questions. One, about a year ago, you guys were saying that exclusivity in content usually costs about 1.3x to 1.5x what just access to the content, nonexclusive rights costs. Is that holding true now that Amazon has become aggressive in buying and wouldn't you expect it to rise if Amazon is, in fact, buying a lot of the similar content that you are? And then I have another quick question after that.
Reed Hastings: Nat, yes, you're right. You would expect it to rise as there are more bidders and anecdotally, that can happen in some places and not in others. It really depends on the type of content.
Nathaniel Schindler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And the other quick question I had was a little bit on your decision on where and which countries to move into and when. I noticed that you're making a move into another European country in Q4, and you made the move -- the big move into the U.K. and after earlier, had said that the U.K. probably wasn't one of the best markets for you to move into early on. As I look at both the U.K. and a lot of the other European markets, their viewing habits for TV content and their willingness to pay for TV content given -- based on their history of pay TV, are pretty light in compared to the U.S. and Canada. Wouldn't it make sense more to go after countries where they have a bigger history of that and a history of viewing more TV content in general, much more like the U.S., maybe something like Australia?
Reed Hastings: We see a big opportunity in Europe to provide an on-demand service, the likes of which really have not been seen. It's very different than just another linear ad-supported network. And while Australia is indeed a great opportunity, it's relatively isolated. And so for now, we're focused on Europe because we've been extremely pleased with the U.K. launch and with the 1 million subs in the first 6.5 months. So we really are feeling quite good about our competitiveness in Europe.
David Wells: And I would say, Nat, you were referencing earlier, anxiety or worries around the U.K. competitiveness balanced with the pros of it being a more developed market, more device penetration, more online viewing. And so, that was the sort of debate we were having about developed versus developing markets and the relative pros and cons in going into each. And Europe obviously has more developed markets that have much more attuned factors for people to watch online viewing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us a sense in the markets where you have been able to leverage Facebook integration and obviously realizing that those are all very early markets for you in general, what kind of response you've seen? And then within the U.S., has Facebook or even social in general, the Netflix Twitter account is particularly active, have those become meaningful channels for either paid or pre-customer acquisition for you?
Reed Hastings: Heath, it's Reed and I would say social, around the world both on our efforts in the U.K. and Ireland and in terms of our usage of social media in the U.S. have continued to expand like they have for all of our peer firms. So I don't think there's anything inconsistent or surprising in that, which is the society is evolving to becoming more socially -- the Internet is becoming more social and we're moving right along with that. In terms of the particular Netflix product integration that's been very successful in the U.K., we've been very pleased with those results. And now we're trying to -- well, we're continuing to try to figure out how to make it legal for U.S. consumers to get access to that.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Kang from Tiger Asia.
Richard Kang: Reed, could you comment briefly on any future plans as it has to do with applications or apps, specifically in app developers who might help drive viewing and users into Netflix by creating their own communities or other types of services that run on top of Netflix's platform?
Reed Hastings: Richard, we don't have any near-term plans like Spotify to develop a app ecosystem. We think with video and its consumption patterns, we're better off on making our experience better and better, and that's what we're focused on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vasily Karasyov from Susquehanna Financial.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Just wanted to clarify first, did I understand correctly that when you were answering Anthony's question, you said that you most likely will not be profitable on consolidated basis because of international investment for 2013?
Reed Hastings: We haven't guided to that. What I said is consistent with what we've said for the last about half dozen calls, which is our basic model is to become profitable again on a quarterly basis as we have last quarter, and expect to this quarter, Q3 and then to add an additional international market, which generally drives us negative slightly and then through growth in the profit streams, gets us back to positive. And that's what meters our rate of international investment, is to stay approximately breakeven or sort of in and out of profitability.
David Wells: And I've said earlier that the 3 conditions upon which we'd launch another market would be that global breakeven, that we were pleased with the progress that we're making in our existing international markets, and that we'd identified a third market or an additional market. The third condition being we'd identified an additional market.
Vasily Karasyov - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: That would be -- would it be fair to say that you have more than one target market in mind at this point?
Reed Hastings: Our basic view is that as the Internet becomes very global, and as an example of this, if you look at YouTube viewing around the world, that there's no reason why an on-demand service for movies and TV shows like Netflix shouldn't be highly successful. In general, China would be difficult for us as you would all appreciate. And then any nation that has extreme online piracy would be difficult. But outside of those 2 conditions, most of the world will have services like Netflix and we would like to be that service.
Ellie Mertz: That's the last question for today. Reed, would you like to offer some closing remarks?
Reed Hastings: Great one. I thank you all for your support. We're extremely pleased with our U.S. streaming profitability growth. Our contribution margin is expanding very nicely and shows us and everyone what can happen in scale. And now, we're focused on getting our other markets to the same scale and profitability levels as we continue to invest. So thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today's program. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-23 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Ellie Mertz -  Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee David Wells - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John R. Blackledge - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix First Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. Today's call is being recorded.  At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix First Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. I'm joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the first quarter at approximately 1 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q1 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions we received via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. After email Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines in queue for additional questions not covered by the email Q&A or letter. The dial-in number is within our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you would like to get into the queue.  We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific Time today.  Now let's move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: [Operator Instructions] For the first topic we'll take questions on is domestic streaming. First question. Why are you so confident that gross add trends result from seasonality and not slowing growth? How can you be confident in 7 million net additions for the year?
Reed Hastings: Well, we had a fantastic Q1, adding nearly 3 million members to our global subscriber base. We had strong results in all of our territories, including the U.S. Our gross adds are consistent with our historic patterns. Our churn is consistent with our historic patterns, and we're feeling very good about the year. If you look at adding 7 million net adds, which is our target for the year, and you compare that to 2010 where we also added 7 million net adds, in 2010, that was 7 million on top of 12 million starting members. This year, that 7 million on top of 22 million starting members. If the mathematical effect, if that's true, with steady churn, that in adding 7 million on top of 12 million versus 7 million on top of 22 million, that there will be a significantly increased seasonality of net additions. So the business is performing exactly as we had hoped. We are continuing to execute on all of the key dimensions. But the artifact of having 7 million net adds on 22 million increases the seasonality relative to 2010, and we tried to demonstrate that or illustrate that in our appendix showing this phenomenon. So everything is consistent with what we've been hoping for, and so that's why we feel good about the year, continuing like this. It's probably secondarily all of the macro factors are very good, which is broadband is continuing. We're getting better and better content. Viewing is at record levels, and consumers want click and watch on-demand Netflix Internet television.
Ellie Mertz: A follow-up question to that. What will be the earliest indicators that you can or can't achieve that 7 million net U.S. streaming subs goal for 2012?
David Wells: I think the earliest indicators will be our net additions in Q2 going into Q3. So when looking at as we continue to see the same net addition rate both with the strength of the new members that we're bringing on to the space and the user engagement that we see both with new members and existing members, if those trends continue forward, we would expect to be continually confident in our ability to add 7 million members.
Ellie Mertz: Can you discuss the rate within the quarter of subscriber additions or their seasonality within the quarter?
Reed Hastings: Those seasonality, if you want, there's variation month-to-month, week-to-week that follows pretty typical patterns. And all of those patterns have stayed consistent -- are going consistently. And again, the main consternation that we picked up is while the growth adds are steady and following the traditional seasonal patterns, why is the net adds different? Why are the net adds diverging? And the answer is just a factor of, I'll slightly repeat myself of the math of, it's on top of 22 million instead of on top of 12 million that we tried to demonstrate in the appendix the way that works. Do you want to add anything in?
David Wells: No.
Ellie Mertz: We got another question on that. Churn spiked after the price increase but remains above historic levels. Will churn come down or is streaming-only structurally higher churn? Please explain your rationale.
David Wells: Just on the prior question, too, I think the prior question asks narrowly what the seasonality in Q1. It follows the prior seasonal pattern, so just to make sure we answer that question. And then could you ask that question one more time.
Ellie Mertz: Sure. Churn spiked after the price increase but remains above historic levels. Will your churn come down or is streaming-only structurally higher churn? Please explain.
David Wells: What we said before is streaming-only does have a slightly higher churn rate than our DVD service did and sort of part of our legacy. It's easier to come in and out of that service than the DVD having the DVDs at home and having to mail them. We would anticipate that, that need continues forward. But we do retain subscribers that have been with us longer at higher rates than subscribers that join our service. So as the base ages, the retention rate -- the overall retention rate improves. Therefore, as the age basis, that retention rate will improve just like it did with our DVD service.
Ellie Mertz: How should we think about 2Q seasonality this year relative to last year when you added 1.8 million subscribers on a similar overall base?
Reed Hastings: In last year 2011, we were on track for 11 million or 12 million arguably net adds on a starting base of 19 million. And so that roughly parallels the 7 million net adds on 12 million from 2010. And it's the ratio of net adds to a starting base that's different this year, and that's what creates the variation in net additions. So this year, we're at 7 million -- targeting 7 million net additions on 22 million, and that's what's different from last year. So again, it comes back to the essentially these unintuitive math effects if you got consistent churn across the year that the net adds seasonality increases. Again, the easiest way to see that is in the 3 tables at the very end of the letter where we've abstracted some examples to try to get comfortable with that phenomena. So we feel very much that we're on track for the 7 million net additions for the year.
Ellie Mertz: What's sort of the upside in contribution margins for the U.S. streaming business? Was there a timing issue associated with content cost?
David Wells: We talked about in the letter streaming content costs were lower, some customer service costs were lower and the delivery costs were lower. On the content side, we actually were pretty close to what we expected in terms of expense. But because it's such a large number, if you're slightly under that, it can be meaningful in terms of contribution margin. And most of what I saw was several small deals got pushed into Q2 or didn't close as of the end of the quarter.
Ellie Mertz: Is the domestic streaming outlook tied at all to H.R. 2471? Meaning, do you assume passage of this amendment at some point?
David Wells: H.R. 2471 is our bill to amend and improve and modernize the VPPA, and no, there's no assumption built into the numbers of that passing.
Ellie Mertz: At current churn levels, over 20 million people will turn off the U.S. streaming service at some point. Are you concerned that the large number of people that are trying Netflix and unsubscribing will ultimately prevent you from reaching your target of 60 million to 90 million U.S. subscribers? So alternatively, how much is churn if people are turning the service off and on repeatedly?
Reed Hastings: Lots of churn is people turning to service on and off. In other words, you join for 3 months, then you're not using it or you run out of money, so it's off for 3 months, then it's back on. Because we only offer a free trial to new members, subscribers particularly who are economically sensitive, price sensitive, had an incentive to them to start Netflix again under a different email address than they've had before. So there's no real clean counting of that dimension. What we feel great about is the very strong growth adds, the churn that's in line with our historic trends. So we're feeling quite good about the numbers.
Ellie Mertz: Question on domestic cost. You priced your Q4 2012 domestic streaming contribution profit assumption to 17%. What's the biggest driver of that? Is it streaming content cost coming in lower than anticipated? Do you expect continued contribution margin expansion in 2013?
David Wells: The biggest driver are deals that we thought would close slightly earlier than they did and that has a carryforward effect from Q1 to Q2. So I'd say that's the largest driver of that contribution margin outperformance.
Reed Hastings: And in terms of 2013, we haven't given any guidance. We would like to see 100 basis points per quarter go on for as long as we can. But we're going to have to feel our way through that year-by-year.
Ellie Mertz: In January 2012, Netflix indicated that over 2 billion hours of content have been streamed globally in Q4. You alluded to continued growth in Q1 2012. Can you provide any more color as to the increase in streaming hours per sub per quarter sequentially?
Reed Hastings: There's a reasonable amount of seasonality in viewing times in the Northern climates due to long nights, so we really compare this on a year-over-year basis as opposed to sequentially. But I can tell you that Q1 was all-time record for us in total viewing and in viewing per members. But in Q2 because of the seasonal, again, we'll compare that on a year-over-year basis.
Ellie Mertz: And then 2 question on profit outlook. Do you still anticipate net income losses for all of 2012, i.e., will losses in the fourth quarter international eat up the surprisingly high profit delivery in Q2 2012 and presumably through 3Q 2012? Do you expect to lurk around breakeven in 2013 as you would reinvest domestic profits into international expansions?
David Wells: So I think we addressed this in the letter, but in terms of Q2 profit expectation, if you take the midpoint of guidance, there's a modest net income profit. What we said is we would continue to launch international markets and stay about roughly breakeven. So with the Q4 launch, we would probably be facing a small loss rather than breakeven and then work our way back to breakeven.
Ellie Mertz: Let's take the questions on content. Do you expect to slow the growth in U.S. streaming content spend? And do you believe there's a certain terminal amount of content that is needed to sustain any number of subscribers, whether it be 25 million or 40 million subscribers? Said another way, do you think Netflix has to spend considerably more on content to grow from 25 million to 40 million subscribers?
Reed Hastings: We're growing content spend and content offering very aggressively going forward. And revenue is growing faster than that, so that's where we get the widening margin. But we have fractured -- a smallest fraction of the total amount of content that we would like to eventually have. So we will continue to grow the investment in content quite aggressively, slightly less than the rate of revenue growth.
Ellie Mertz: You secured the DreamWorks Animation output deal well before the 2013 start date. Are there other studio output contracts that are coming up for renewal such as Fox, Universal, Disney and Sony? Are these all beginning 2014 or '15? Will they similarly be bid out well before the start date? Do existing pay cable channels have right of first refusal?
Reed Hastings: It's highly variable by deal 2014 to 2015 when most of them come up. And as far as I know, no one else has right of first refusal.
Ellie Mertz: What is the current status of Epix content as it relates to exclusivity and what you intend to do going forward?
Reed Hastings: Epix is on cable, and it's on EpixHD, which is a TV Everywhere extension of Epix and it's on Netflix. That's all that it's on right now. And then as we go forth with Epix, we're in a broad range of discussions with how to operate most effectively for both of us.
Ellie Mertz: Here's a handful of questions about originals. How significant to overall views are exclusive or original content?
Reed Hastings: Well, the exclusive and original are 2 different things, so Breaking Bad's exclusive but not original as an example. Originals are just beginning, so all we've got up is Lilyhammer. So it's not yet hugely significant. But as we add in the next couple originals coming later this year, that will builds to a nice percentage of our total viewing.
David Wells: And I would say we look at the performance of those pieces of content like any other pieces of content in terms of cost per hours viewed and its efficiency. So across that class of content, we would expect to compare it against other like content.
Reed Hastings: We think we can produce contents at no greater cost than that per hour of viewing essentially than it would cost to get license, and then we have the advantages of the brand halo as well as the defensive hedge if we need it over time.
Ellie Mertz: Can you discuss how successful Lilyhammer was? Maybe helping to place it in perspective for its views versus other shows?
Reed Hastings: It was quite successful for the amount that we invested in and the amount of the cost. And it parallels some of the other premium exclusive content which we've got, like the Breaking Bad, in terms of its ratio of cost to viewing. So we feel really good about that of our first shot out. And as House of Cards and the other originals that we have come forth next year, we'll be very excited about those also.
Ellie Mertz: Is the cost associated with originals will ramp in 2013? Any way we can quantify the impact of that?
Reed Hastings: It's really just part of content cost, that is we'll spend in the neighborhood of single percentages of our total spending content spending for next year on a P&L basis with the originals. So for us, it's just another source of content.
David Wells: And I think what we said in the letter was that free cash flow, the cash will actually ramp as originals ramp into 2013. So the costs are already baked into our assumptions around content expenses. It's the cash that we'll ramp noticeably in the back half of the year.
Ellie Mertz: Here are some more questions. Netflix appears increasingly focused on exclusivity, especially compared to 12 to 18 months ago. Should we expect the vast majority of your content to be exclusive by year end 2013? In turn, is it reasonable that content spending will continue to move notably higher next year, as well as due to healthy sub growth?
Reed Hastings: As we move up in the content buying economic strata, you start off with the kind of low-end, nonexclusive content. And then as you want to get shows like Mad Men, you have to outcompete with other cable networks to get those shows in syndication and those are exclusive licenses. And so we started doing more and more of those. As we want to do direct deals with movie studios, like DreamWorks Automation, that the other bidders will not take that content if we also have it. So those are de facto exclusive. So this exclusive trend has been going on towards more and more exclusive and will continue as we climb the economic strata and have better and better content. It's a natural outcome of us being a network like other cable networks, all of which are exclusive against each other. I don't think we'll have all of our content exclusive really at any point in time because we'll continue to also have a broad range of nonexclusive content. But certainly, there'll be more and more that is exclusive.
Ellie Mertz: Can Netflix survive as a middleman? I define middleman as an intermediary between content owner and end user. Is the company's largely middleman status the reason for its apparent evolution to, at least in part, original programmer? How long do you think it will take to become a credible peer to HBO, which has had smash hit originals such as The Sopranos and Sex in the City?
Reed Hastings: Well, there are lots of middleman that are hugely successful in many different industries. And sometimes, they verticalize the production and they have store brands for various items, and it doesn't mean that they're middleman or retail status is weakened. They do that to strengthen themselves. And if you think about HBO, initially it was on almost all licensed content and then they grew in as they gain scale to also doing produced content. But still, a majority of HBO's budget is on content produced by others, by the major studios. So yes, we feel very comfortable about being an aggregator that packages together an incredible set of content to provide a great value for consumers and that's a great position to be in.
Ellie Mertz: What is the balance of streaming content as of 3/31/2012, that are not currently reflected on the balance sheet?
David Wells: I think that's referring to the content and contractual obligations. And at the end of Q1, that was $3.7 billion, which compares to $3.9 billion as of the end of 2011 and $1.8 billion a year ago. So it's down slightly from the end of the year as we moved content from that table on to the balance sheet, and that it became a window essentially in that asset recognition criteria.
Ellie Mertz: Now just as a follow-up to that. If you include what's in that note to the financials, if you add up the accounts table, you'd see that our total minimum commitment for streaming content is flat quarter-over-quarter.  The biggest complaint I hear is that Netflix has a weak library of streaming content. While keeping pricing low is a strategy that seems to be working well, it prohibits this very common complaint from being addressed. Has Netflix proposed the idea of a tiered subscription plan for online access? Is silver, gold and platinum plan, which would open up a increasingly larger and more popular library, could both address this issue and increase profitability? Has this ever been considered?
Reed Hastings: No. We're very focused on keeping our proposition extremely simple. We think that, that is the right strategy when we're in this rapid phase of growth of the market, to have a single, paid dollar unlimited product in the marketplace. Eventually, in the next curve model, in the tail phase when the market matures, then you'll look to segment in various ways. But knock on wood, we're a long way from that, and we'll continue to focus for the foreseeable future on a clean, simple proposition.
Ellie Mertz: Cable ratings from many networks have declined this year. Do you believe networks are attributing this to Internet TV? And could it impact pricing on renegotiating TV content deals?
Reed Hastings: No, I'm not sure why cable network ratings are -- some are up and some are down. I think it's mostly due with the individual programming. If you've got incredible programming, there's several examples where the ratings are up. And in terms of how it affects us, we've got the ability to pay because we've got a larger subscriber base than anybody else. So to the degree that the prices are higher, we're still able to deliver on the consumer proposition.
Ellie Mertz: Well, just some questions about competition. Are you still thinking Amazon will do a stand-alone streaming product outside of Prime?
Reed Hastings: Our understanding is that it will still happen, yes. In terms of particular time frame, we're not sure on what that might be.
Ellie Mertz: You talked a lot about net neutrality. What do you see is the most realistic and/or likely path towards enforcement of net neutrality?
Reed Hastings: Well, I'm not sure at this point. I think we're broadly socializing the idea of what's neutral and what's not, and we documented one clear example where we think this is not at all neutral. And we're engaged in a public discussion, essentially, of the issues. So we'll see how that plays out.
Ellie Mertz: Three related questions. Why are you so concerned about Comcast and bandwidth caps? If 1 hour of streaming time takes up a mere gigabit of bandwidth, and the Comcast monthly bandwidth cap is 250 gigabit, implying 8.3 hours per day of viewing time. Why the concern, especially if you believe that the Netflix streaming product is vastly superior to Xfinity?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think the concern we have is with the principles of net neutrality. Obviously, with a high enough cap, it kind of doesn't matter. But if something is accepted with one cap, we may find the next year that the cap is much lower. And so I think we have to really start to figure out the principles and advocate for those upon which we're all operating. I would agree. It's not a near-term issue with the 250 gigabyte cap. But the core principle is important anyway, which is the cap should be applied equally or not at all.
Ellie Mertz: I was wondering what Netflix will do to increase and hold existing subscriber base in the U.S. and elsewhere with so many other companies entering the streaming video business.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think what's happening is everyone's realizing that consumers want click and watch on-demand, and so there is a lot of announcements of everything from start ups to large companies. And we've been focused on this market for a very long time and have some substantial advantages because of that in terms of the breadth of our integration in the various devices, in terms of our on the remote control buttons that we have on Smart TVs, in terms of our integration into all of the game consoles. We have big advantages in terms of the development of our website in the core service, the algorithms and the personalization. We have incredible content. It's not as broad as we'll eventually have, but it's much broader than any competitor. So often what happens is when there's a lot of attention on the market, there are new competitors, but the leader gets the majority of the benefit of that and it's our job to continue to deliver for consumers so that we're chosen more often than anybody else.
Ellie Mertz: Let's turn to questions about international. What have you learned from existing market launches that you apply to as thought process of selecting your next international market that you've indicated will launch in Q4 this year?
Reed Hastings: Well, we've been really happy with the U.K. and Ireland, just great results there. We've got great results in Canada. And in Latin America, we'll get there eventually, but it's going to be long going harder than we initially thought. So we'll tend to be more towards developed markets that are more like Canada, U.K. and Ireland than strong emerging markets like Latin America.
Ellie Mertz: Your international expense guidance on January's Q4 call forecast $5 million for subtitling. Yet your release today, only months later, says your incentive capitalized such expenses. Why change from passive media expensing to a more aggressive income presentation?
David Wells: The costs were immaterial in the past. They rose in Q1 as we talked about in the letter, getting more towards 100% of our offering in Latin America subtitles. So we faced increased cost in Q1. And the prospect as we launch additional non-English markets is that these costs will be material. So from an accounting standpoint, when your low, it don't matter. You don't have a policy. When they become material and in bulk, they are material and they stay material, there's more argument that they'll be capitalized. And we look at this and we needed to create a policy in Q1, and we didn't have that accounted in our forecast.
Ellie Mertz: Question on Latin America. Latin America, we fully understand the limitations of infrastructure, credit cards and broadband hindering uptick. What I would like to know is what about the progress there that gives you confidence that it will succeed, albeit at the slower pace than you had initially expected as opposed to not work at all?
Reed Hastings: In Latin America, we're seeing a very nice revenue growth. It's just not as fast as we anticipated in terms of catching up to the content. So if there was a situation where we didn't have revenue growth, that would worry us, but that's not the situation that we have. We're seeing very nice revenue growth, and we're continuing to improve whether it's payment, whether it's the streaming delivery, all the other systems. And second, there's no competitor that's ahead of us. If we were would then be beaten in some nation by some other competitor, that would have us maybe rethink how long would it take us to get to profitability. But again, that hasn't happened. So for now, we've got a rapidly growing business. It's still running at a loss, and it's going to take longer, we think, than 2 years to get there. But the vectors are all in the right direction.
Ellie Mertz: Could the iTunes integration be extended beyond Apple TV to iPhones and iPads, too, in order to ameliorate the e-commerce payment problems in Latin America and elsewhere?
Reed Hastings: There's a number of integrations we could do. One would be in the iTunes aspect, others would be with ISPs, others would be with cable companies. So we're looking at those broadly, and each one will have small, positive effects. There will be no one breakthrough or silver bullet.
Ellie Mertz: I would just add, as we say in the letter, we're obviously opened to other people billing on our behalf. But also in Latin America, we're looking to improve the payment options that we offer to the consumers and solve the problem ourselves.  The letter said you were looking to expand into additional European markets beginning in Q4 of this year. If you can't be more specific, can you talk about the characteristics of that market?
Reed Hastings: I think that's probably just a duplicate question, so let's just go to the next one.
Ellie Mertz: What is the incremental impact of your decision to enter another international market on the expected full year results for 2012 on a consolidated basis? Should we see an investment along the lines of Latin America and the U.K. or smaller?
David Wells: We haven't provided guidance on that. What I said earlier was that we would be looking to fight back to a global consolidated breakeven after the market launch in Q4.
Ellie Mertz: How are you funding the entry and expansion into each country? And how many additional countries planned for this year and next?
Reed Hastings: Well fundamentally, we're funding it with the domestic profit stream. So our domestic business is showing great new growth in both revenue and contribution margin. And so we're using those profits to fund the international expansion, and it's needed by that by our view of staying approximately breakeven on a global basis.
Ellie Mertz: Has your view of international competition changed in recent months?
Reed Hastings: No, not particularly. We anticipated that in markets that we don't get to for a few years, there will be stronger local competition than in markets we get to soon. So I think that's probably pretty obvious. That's really the only aspect of it.
Ellie Mertz: Do you expect to see any different seasonal patterns in international markets? I know they're not showed today because of the high-growth phase you're in. But I would still like to know if there are any quarters with tailwinds or headwinds?
Reed Hastings: Well, from a diversification standpoint, if we were as big in the southern hemisphere as northern, they would balance each other. So it's definitely linked to the length of the winter, length of the night. And it would be -- and is reverse seasonality from the northern hemisphere and the southern. But on a practical basis, with the U.S. just under 90% of the business, it's the dominant aspect of the U.S. seasonality.
David Wells: And I would say that the pronounced weather pattern is one aspect of it. But as we contemplate other markets, we look at the seasonal TV viewing behavior, the seasonal rental behavior on video-on-demand and things like that. I mean some of these countries are tropical. They don't have a pronounced winter or summer, and they may follow the same pattern in terms of the northern hemisphere, but it's early to tell.
Ellie Mertz: While the sub trajectory in the U.K. appears far better than in Latin America initially, can you give us a sense of what usage looks like? How much time are U.K. subscribers spending with the service?
Reed Hastings: Usage has been very strong. I don't want to give, for competitive reasons, specific numbers. But we've been very pleased with the active usage and growing usage as we add more and more content and continue to flush out the devices in particular to getting on the Smart TVs.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to some questions on DVD. Why are you so confident that the DVD will not fall off as fast going forward as it is in the past couple of quarters? Even if churn is going down, is it not getting hard to find new gross additions for DVD films?
David Wells: We're confident because the retention of those subscribers are -- is improving from Q4 to Q1, and we may see some seasonality around Q2. But in general, the number of subscribers we're losing on the hybrid side are not the step change that we experienced from Q4 to Q1, largely because people were deciding whether or not they wanted to pay $16 for a hybrid service when we made the changes in July and they sort of rationalize those decisions over Q3 and Q4. So increasingly, fewer and fewer people are having to make that decision or have already made that decision about whether it's a value to them to pay $16 for the service, and that's what drives largely the sort of decreasing rate of decline.
Ellie Mertz: With the Qwikster episode fresh in mind, but also considering the high overall cost of DVD shipping, would you consider spinning off or selling the DVD division? The cash could be put towards faster overseas expansion, maybe the DVD and streaming services could still be tightly coupled with the right contracts in place?
Reed Hastings: No, we're not thinking of that.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to some miscellaneous questions. Are the terms of your Apple TV deals, the new member sign-ups, similar to the 30% revenue Apple has with other content providers?
Reed Hastings: Those type of contracts we're prevented from commenting by confidentiality, so we can't say.
Ellie Mertz: In late November, you announced the closing of $200 million worth of convertible notes, and those could be converted after 6 months assuming certain conditions were met. The 6th month anniversary will end during the second quarter. Given that the shares appeared to be above the conversion price, do you expect these shares to be converted? And if so, when?  Yes, so the first convertible, 6 months after its issuance which was November, which places us in May, the company has the option of converting those shares at 30% over the conversion price, which is about $11. And the earliest we could do...
Reed Hastings: $111.
Ellie Mertz: $111. Thank you. The earliest we could do that would be July if the stocks had stayed above that price for 50 of the prior 65 trading days.  What should we assume for forward tax assumptions?
David Wells: Around 38%.
Ellie Mertz: And higher in Q2?
David Wells: Correct, sorry. It'll play a little bit as we...
Reed Hastings: We should be so lucky to be paying taxes.
David Wells: I was just about to say that, that rate moves around a little as we come from a loss into a profit perspective at around 38%.
Ellie Mertz: Great. That's all we have right now for email questions. So at this time, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and we'll begin taking live call-in questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first questioner in queue is Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer.
Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I'll ask 2 questions and I'm not sure what was hit. With respect to what you talked about with Apple TV now taking sign ups from the TV, should we assume that you're paying similar 30% revenue share with Apple and that's kind of taking into account when you think about adding customers that way? And then my second question, you kind of had a positive take on the social integration, the U.K. and Ireland, but didn't give any specific metric. I'm wondering if there's any other type of metrics you can give out for us and maybe what percent of users are uptaking the social functions?
Reed Hastings: Jason, it's Reed. We did just answer the Apple question, which was no comment. And then on the U.K. Facebook success we've had, we haven't characterized any specific metrics, and for competitive reasons, we're not further elaborating.
Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then maybe one other follow-up. That functionality offering in the U.K., is that more a passive functionality? So does it seem like a Spotify or is an active sharing functionality with users prompted each time to decide whether or not they want to share their viewing habits?
Reed Hastings: It's passive in the way that you used that word like Spotify U.S. if you're using that where your viewing history is optionally shared with your friends.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. I think, Reed, last fall in reaction to some of the controversy, I think you made a statement that you think it might take a while for the brand and the relations and the trust with consumers to build back up. When you think about your DVD, streaming net adds goal of 7 million for the year, what you've done year-to-date, do you think you've already overcome some of those concerns that backlash from the fall of last year? Or do you think that that's still a subdued growth number that you could do better once you've regained the full trust of consumers? And then could you just quickly talk about usage on tablet devices and if that's had a material impact on those overall viewing minutes?
Reed Hastings: The brand recovery is partway complete. We had said it would probably take 3 years with the bulk of the recovery in the first year. That still seems to us to be the correct model. So we're feeling good about the progress we've made. We do -- we are conscious that it's tender and that we have to be extremely diligent and thoughtful in the way that we act as we build back our brand reputation. And then in terms of tablet, it's a great and growing viewing source for us, but we haven't characterized with any specifics any of the particular devices, again, for competitive reasons. We are on both Android and iPad.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Richard Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: With consumers using Netflix so much, I think the numbers you broke out essentially equate to over an hour per day actually now. Shouldn't churn be going down meaningfully? When you made that comment about in 2012, if you added 7 million subs assuming flattish churn, why shouldn't we see churn go significantly down now that usage per customer per month or even per day just continues to scale upwards? And if just as a follow-up to that, can you just give us some sense on where subscribers canceling now, what is the main reason people are canceling the streaming-only service?
Reed Hastings: So Rich, the average consumer is watching, as you said, nearly an hour a day, and then they're not canceling. So the cancelations is amongst the people who aren't watching much. So our job is to get those light users that are not very active to be watching more. And the other phenomena is as the service gets better known and more popular, that expands the circle of people who join it, who maybe aren't as much in entertainment as the initial 20 million or 25 million. And so it's natural that as the service expands its reach, that there is continued churn as people try it, figure out if it's for them right now and if not, they get off. So that's where that phenomena is from.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: Does that imply that the median is dramatically above the mean in terms of usage?
Reed Hastings: No. It's just that it's -- it's not exactly a bell curve because it's got the skew on the big end. But it's the median is not wildly different. It's just that there will be 20% of people that don't watch much, and most of the churn will come from them. And you asked the question, when people quit, what do they cite? And the 2 big ones are not watching enough and don't have any money, which we see also.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And when you say not watching enough, is that just because the programming, they can't find something they like? Or there just isn't enough content in total?
Reed Hastings: It's a mix of those. If you think about the moments of truth for a member, at any point in time, they can watch Netflix or they can watch cable or they can watch their DVR, they can watch a DVD or they can watch Hulu. And we have to win enough of those moments of truth to keep the subscriber active. And one of the ways we win is that a really broad selection, personalization, ease-of-use and otherwise it's just a habit, like being able to see the red Netflix button on the remote control.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Anthony DiClemente with Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Reed, you just mentioned that one of the big reasons for churn is people not having any money. So I wonder if you would consider that if extreme picks, for example, of $4.99 and let's say Amazon comes out with a carve-out prime streaming service at something lower than $7.99, have you thought about or would you consider adjusting your price point? And then the second question would be, I think Mark asked about usage on tablets. And I would just ask, has the subscriber acquisition channel changed with the explosion in mobile? Is that something that you can comment on in terms of where you're getting gross add connects from? That would be great as well.
Reed Hastings: We're feeling great about our $8 dollar price because we can then get lots and lots of content for our subscribers, so no anticipated changes there. And then in terms of subscriber acquisition, mobile is a good source for us. Video is disproportionately watched on television. So things that are TV-based sign-up, like on the game consoles, like Apple TV are really the brand center and the biggest drivers of potential opportunities.
David Wells: Anthony, this is David. That hasn't changed, right. That's consistent with what we've said in prior quarters, and that's not a big acquisition driver. It's a big value driver for our subscribers.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of what, just purely on a relative basis, if you see any difference in the levels of churn between your users that are engaging you through multiple devices like connected television sets, tablets, handsets versus your more PC or kind of game console customers?
Reed Hastings: Yes. It's exactly is your intuition is probably leading you, which is if you use Netflix on lots of devices and if you use it for lots of time, you're more engaged with the service and you are less likely to churn. So that's definitely an indicator.
David Wells: Heath, this is David. Teasing out people who don't use it a lot but have a lot of connected devices, that's probably not a common case. So people who use a lot of devices tend to watch a lot of hours.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about the deleverage in the DVD business. I mean is that just purely about the declining sub numbers, or is there anything else we should be thinking about here? And how are you thinking about distribution centers going forward? And any other costs you may be able to take out of the business along the way?
David Wells: This is David. I'll take that one. I would say that in general in the DVD business, the big driver is the rate of subscriber decline. There's some other smaller things out there like postage rates and the fact that we would expect an annual postal increase going forward, which we have in the past. I would say the other aspects are there's some minor things on just as you reduce shipments, you lose some scale advantages, but those are small relative to the subscriber decline. And that's why we put in the letter that we would expect that the margin would stay relatively flat through 2012.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is John Blackledge with Credit Suisse.
John R. Blackledge - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Two questions. The first one is, do you feel like the 7 million net domestic streaming add guide is a comfortable target? And did you guys consider maybe giving a range for the year similar to the range that you gave on a quarterly basis? That's one. And then the second one is, what's the demand for personalized accounts domestically, and is that something we may see introduced at some point?
Reed Hastings: John, yes, we're feeling comfortable on the 7 million, and you could put a range on it if you want, but it doesn't really change the goal. So we were just being straightforward about what our goal is. And in terms of the personalized accounts, that's something that we're developing a number of versions of. We'll be doing some consumer testing with different versions of that going forward. But there's unlikely to be any revenue associated with that, and that is we're most focused on how do we improve the experience and we'll see that in retention and acquisition at this point.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to ask the 7 million sub question a different way. When you go back to 2010 when you added the 7 million subs you had 2 things, the bundled product at $9.99 and pretty significant distribution tailwind because of mostly the game consoles that were coming online and just starting to benefit the business. So when you look at that 7 million number for '12, what are you thinking are the comparable catalysts that give you the comfort to get to that type of sub numbers for the year?
Reed Hastings: Scott, I would say it's mostly based on how we did in Q1 and then which helps us feel good about being on track for that 7 million. And then secondarily, in terms of the macro climate, it's the increased integration with Smart TVs. So if you go into a Best Buy today, we've got a stronger presence than we've ever had in the integration with both Smart TVs and Blu-ray.
Operator: Next questioner in queue is Barton Crockett with Lazard Capital Markets.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: One quick one and then one broader. To understand the net income view for the balance of the year, when you talked about global breakeven with the fourth quarter launch of an international market, is that breakeven for the fourth quarter or breakeven for the year?
Reed Hastings: You can think about it as breakeven on some rolling basis or approximately breakeven on some rolling basis, or it's -- we'll go under and then come up and go under and then come up. But ordinarily and when I made that comment, it was on the quarter.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you're not saying breakeven for the year. You're not really saying anything about the year, I guess, at this point?
Reed Hastings: That's correct.
Barton E. Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I was also wondering, the surge in streaming usage, you guys ever have had your -- a very significant share of prime time hours streaming content. Are you seeing any noticeable deterioration in quality of service to consumers? There are cable companies that warned about brownouts in hours as you see video surge. There's another streaming services coming up. Do you see any negative performance to the quality of your service, or do you anticipate anything as your usage ramps as others ramp?
Reed Hastings: Barton, the technology underlying the Internet and fiber optics is absolutely mind blowing. So you can take our peak viewing on a Saturday night, 100% of our global viewing, and it can still fit into a single fiber optic. So I don't anticipate any brownouts. I anticipate continued growth of the broadband power being released as more and more become -- we become a fiber optic nation and a fiber optic world.
David Wells: I would add to that, Barton, that you're starting to see the ISPs compete on speed. It's in their ad -- prominently featured in their advertising. So it would feel a little inconsistent to be trying to advertise and compete on speed at the same time warning your consumers that you're going to face shortages of the product.
Ellie Mertz: Great. That's all the time we have for questions today. I'm going to turn it back over to Reed Hastings for some closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Well thanks, everyone. As I've said in the beginning, we had a great Q1. We were thrilled by it in terms of our U.K. launch, in terms of our growth around the world, in terms of getting to great viewing records in Q1, and we're on track for breaking those records in Q2 on a year-over-year basis, so we're excited about that. The odd thing about our numbers, I realized, is that with stable seasonality in gross adds, we see increased seasonality in net adds, and that is this mathematical artifact that we try to document. I know it's got some people concerned, but we feel great about our progress and being on track for our 7 million net adds for the year.  With that, I want to thank everyone for being on the call and look forward to catching up with you.
Operator: Thank you. Again, ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee Ellie Mertz - 
Analysts: Matt Schechter - Center for Financial Research & Analysis, Inc. Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John R. Blackledge - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter Earnings Q&A Session. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Q&A Session. I am joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the fourth quarter at approximately 1 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q4 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. In the time remaining after email Q&A, we will also open up the lines to take live follow-up questions. The dial-in number is within our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you would like to get in the queue. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 18, 2011. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific Time today. Before moving directly to questions, I'd like to turn it over to Reed Hastings for any opening remarks.
Reed Hastings: Just jump over to questions, Ellie.
Ellie Mertz: All right, let's move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: Similar to previous quarters, we've organized the questions by topic as we received them this afternoon. So we're going to start with general content questions. First question. Can you help us better understand the fixed versus variable components in the content deals you are signing, or how the industry is maybe moving more towards variable mechanisms as content owners better understand digital?
David Wells: This is David. We have been bidding in an industry that was set up before us by the cable, satellite and paid television world. So all of our deals are fixed. And that reflects the nature of the market that we're competing in. It's been like that for 10-plus years.
Ellie Mertz: What is your appetite for bidding against HBO for film studio content in the pay TV window when the pay TV studio deals come up for renewal? Assuming linear and over-the-top rights for those deals are decoupled, would you attempt to acquire both as you did in the case of DreamWorks?
Reed Hastings: I don't think it's likely that those rights will be decoupled. So we'd be bidding for the -- and that's because HBO, as an example, would certainly want both. So if we are to win the bidding, we have to really be willing to bid for both as we did in DreamWorks, Relativity. And yes, we will continue to be an active bidder in that market.
Ellie Mertz: Are you relatively comfortable with your current levels of content, or is Netflix still on the market for Blockbuster-size content deals? Do you anticipate that a potential slowdown in content acquisitions will have a meaningful impact on new subscriber acquisitions?
Reed Hastings: We're rapidly increasing the amount of money that we spend on content domestically and internationally. The only thing that's slightly different is this quarter, we're increasing our spend over a year ago over 100%. So it's more than double one year ago. And that year-over-year increase is declining. But it's still a substantial increase on a year-over-year basis all through this year. And the question is are we comfortable with the content? We always want to get more content. That's the virtuous cycle, which is as we get more subscribers; we're able to get more content, which then helps us get more subscribers. So we'll continue to invest in improving the service by adding more content for a very long time.
David Wells: And just to add on to that, it's not just about adding new content. As we discussed in the letter, that increase in expense is somewhat a small portion for renewals that actually is for new content to the service. So it's going to be exciting as we add new titles to the service through 2012.
Ellie Mertz: How should we think about subscription costs as a percent of revenue for 2012 and longer term?
Reed Hastings: Well, that will vary by market and maturity. What we think about it as, as contribution margin and contribution profit. And as we talked about, we did better in Q4 than we expected, and so we're taking up our target for 11% for Q1 for contribution margin in the U.S. In our different international markets, we're still contribution margin negative. And that's -- the losses will abate in each market as it grows and breaking into contribution margin positive.
David Wells: And I think for longer term, we'll -- there's only 2 buckets. There's content expense and marketing. And so if we're going to expand our contribution margin, our profitability long term, we'd be looking to leverage some of that content long term as well.
Ellie Mertz: Would Netflix work with the virtual MVPD, adding a premium layer of content the way HBO offers content as tier on traditional MVPDs?
Reed Hastings: I'm not sure what's meant by virtual MVPD. If it means like what was reputed that some of the Internet firms we're working on, which is sort of a national footprint over-the-top MVPD, I don't think that's going to come into existence. Several large firms have tried to put that package together and backed off. I think what we'll see is a continuation of the current localized over your own pipe model.
Ellie Mertz: What's driving the change in tone and/or practice in terms of importance around exclusivity of content?
Reed Hastings: So the more that we bid against other cable networks. So there were many bidders for Mad Men, and there's many bidders for the movies. Those other bidders are cable networks that demand full exclusivity against us. And so we're essentially pushed into bidding exclusive to succeed in this industry. And so what's driving it is that we're in the first leagues of cable network-buying now in syndication, and that's always been done exclusively.
Ellie Mertz: Even with Netflix's growing movie streaming library, one of the biggest appeal seems to be TV series episodes. Do you have any plans to offer current season episodes of shows after they air on traditional television instead waiting for their DVD release as Breaking Bad fans are dying to find out what happens next?
Reed Hastings: Catch-up TV is really a good model for authentication. To the degree that we try to be a substitute for cable networks by, for example, having current day and date content, then we get into a cord-cutting kind of battle that's not really in our interest. And our view is to be complementary by having complete prior season, and that we think authentication TV Everywhere interfaces like Fox is doing is the way to go for the broadcast networks and cable networks to maximize their opportunity. And we're comfortable with that partitioning because we feel like our segment is very broad and big at a low price point of $7.99. And so that's why we're partitioning ourselves to be prior season. And so no, we're not bidding on any current season, and we don't have any current season.
Ellie Mertz: How will you measure whether your original programming has a positive ROI and a success? If you believe original programming can start to drive incremental subs, will you commit significantly more capital to this?
Reed Hastings: Well, HBO spends about 1/3 or 40% of their budget on original and the rest on already produced movie content. So that would be the high watermark. And they do a great job on those originals. We're starting much more modestly with our originals. Some of it will judge by how much it gets viewed by the -- and how much it costs. Is it an efficient source of programming? And some others in terms of does it attract and build -- attract new subscribers and build the reputation for Netflix? And today, it's a modest part of our budget, and we'll keep it as a modest part of our budget until we learn more as we go year-by-year.
Ellie Mertz: Can you talk about -- can you talk through the rationale of making all the episodes of an original series available at the same time, like you're doing with Lilyhammer, instead of spreading them out a bit more?
Reed Hastings: Yes. Netflix's brand for TV shows is really about binge viewing. It's the ability to just get hooked and watch episode after episode. It's addictive. It's exciting. It's different. And our release strategy for original content emphasizes that brand strength, which is to be able to get hooked and pour through those episodes rather than get strung out. And we're not particularly focused on a single show for driving retention. It's the expectation of more and more shows that really drives retention.
Ellie Mertz: Final question on originals. Can you please talk about how accounting for these series will work? And under what scenarios are write-downs possible?
David Wells: The accounting for them will be straight-line. We always monitor the content in terms of the engagement or hours viewed. And unless proven differently in the usage and watch patterns, it'll be straight-line. Now I'll point out, as Reed discussed, that for 2012, it's a very modest portion of our budget. So I really think this is more of an issue for 2013 and going forward. Unless you see us announce some other large originals, it's going to come out this year.
Ellie Mertz: Do exclusive contracts only differentiate you from other web-only players or also the TV Everywhere players? For example, could Xfinity show some of the TV catalog that is exclusive to you either via the set-top box or Xfinity app; or the contracts like Epix, where authenticated pay-TV subscribers can watch the movies online?
Reed Hastings: It varies. We have different types of exclusivity in different contracts. In the strongest form, it's like DreamWorks or Relativity. And then it's in all forms other than DVD. In sum, it's just exclusive in the Internet SVODs, some in all SVOD with different carve-outs. So there's quite a mix there.
Ellie Mertz: Given that your content purchase deals are based on assumptions of subscribers, did you experience with the price increase and subsequent slowdown in net ads that you have spent more on content than you would have, given all the information you have now? In other words, do you feel like you're in an overbought position now?
Reed Hastings: We feel great about the content we've got. We don't feel great about the profit stream we have for this quarter. And the impact of the relatively lower subscriber than we thought we would be at is not showing up in the quality of our service, which has continued to be excellent. And for the content to grow, it shows up in our profit stream. We hope to mitigate that obviously as we grow the subscriber base over this year and return back to breakeven and continued rapid international expansion.
David Wells: And as Reed said, we've been really pleased with the engagement of the content that we added through Q4. So I don't think that we've bought a group of content or a block of titles that were unhappy with.
Ellie Mertz: What is the balance of purchase commitments for content as of 12/31/2011?
David Wells: So I think this is referring to the contractual obligations footnote, and they're probably asking before we file the K. It was $3.5 billion at the end of Q3. That goes up to $3.9 billion at the end of this quarter, Q4, that we're reporting on.
Ellie Mertz: What percentage of streaming is occurring on TVs versus mobile or smartphones, versus tablets versus PC/Macs?
Reed Hastings: We don't break it out publicly. All of those platforms are very successful for us, an important part of the mix.
Ellie Mertz: If the goal of Netflix is to provide consumers with a convenient place to watch TV shows and movies, a subscription can only allow for a partial library of what a consumer wants to view. Why doesn't it make sense to add the ability to rent  la carte new-release films? In other words, what's wrong with being everything to everyone and providing a one-stop shop for digital movies through Netflix?
Reed Hastings: I don't think there's a lot of brand strength in being -- to use the "everything for everyone." You gain profit and brand strength from being something important and precise. And we believe that unlimited for a low fee in the USD $7.99 a month is the core of our brand proposition and that if we were to add pay-per-view, it would be at a negative. It would confuse the brand. And there is a number of providers, Wal-mart's Vudu, Apple's iTunes, Amazon Unbox, Best Buy's CinemaNow, Blockbuster, the list just goes on and on of providers who already offer pay-per-view. And we have no way to do it better that we know of. So what we're focused on is instead working with all of those partners and keeping the clarity of our brand. So our strategy is to -- essentially, you can think of it like Dolby Digital is, be in every platform and get along with everyone. And we believe that there's a large enough market at a $8 unlimited subscription to have us grow very large. So to some degree, it's a niche strategy, but it's a very large niche that we think we can lead. And so that's why our focus is exclusively on unlimited. And we're not at all nor have we ever been interested in pay-per-view.
Ellie Mertz: What does content underspending mean as it relates to margin impact on streaming in the fourth quarter 2011?
David Wells: It was a small underspend, and it's related to contract date shifting out by a month or so. So it's a pretty small number. And we always have contracts that are moving around up, backward, in terms of when the window availability starts. And that's what it was related to.
Ellie Mertz: All right. Let's move to questions about international. I know it's early, but what have you seen so far from international? Is there a case that can be made one way or the other about the relative profitability long term for a U.S. versus a non-U.S. subscriber?
David Wells: I'm sorry, repeat that one more time.
Reed Hastings: I'll take it. The profitability of a subscriber is based upon the barriers, competitive barriers on a relatively scale. So in any market in which we have very strong scale advantage, we'll have higher profitability. In any market where, for example, there's 3 roughly equal-sized firms, then we would have less profitability. So it's not so much U.S. versus non-U.S. It's relative scale in each of the markets. And that's part of why we're investing so aggressively to be early and to lead this market in as many markets as we can.
David Wells: And the only thing I'd add to that is it's also about relative consumer offerings in that market or competition. So between the scale and the available consumer offerings, it would be those 2 things.
Ellie Mertz: How do you determined that your initial launch offering has the right ingredients for a successful launch and positive word-of-mouth?
Reed Hastings: We focus on a front of the research in terms of consumer preferences, look at Nielsen-type data in terms of what people are viewing. We do in-market research. And all of that informs our intuition. Then we launch, and then we start to really learn what people are viewing. What they like in terms of, say, subtitles. What they like in terms of how much of it is high-def, how important is that, what platforms. And there's considerable variation between markets. So think of it as, we do a bunch of effort upfront but it doesn't matter much. It just gets us started. And then we rapidly iterate and learn as to what are the important preferences in each market.
Ellie Mertz: Looking at Latin America, there are some key differences in terms of income levels and broadband penetration rates. Is there anything about Latin America that indicates the region may achieve profitability faster or slower than a region like Canada? How should we think about the cost of content deals in Latin America compared to the U.S. and Canada?
David Wells: So Latin America, you can infer from our discussion in the earnings letter, both from our net additions in this Q4 for international versus last year, is growing slower than Canada did in its first quarter launch. I'd say that we're building a new brand in Latin America where we had much more of a U.S. halo brand effect in Canada. And device penetration in Canada was higher than it is in Latin America. Those 2 things are turning out to be important. So I think Latin America is a good and perspectively a great market for us going forward, but it does look like it's going to be on a path slower to profitably than Canada. And then the second part of your question dealt with -- can you ask that one more time?
Ellie Mertz: How do you think about content deals and the cost in Latin America relative to Canada and the U.S.?
David Wells: Sure. So content pricing is related to the value that the owner of that content and the producer of that content can monetize in each different market. It's more specific than even Latin America. It's within a country market. And so relative to Canada, it's hard to answer that question in terms of the content. It would be less if that content owner has fewer monetization options in, say, Brazil or Mexico than they do in Canada.
Ellie Mertz: So given the situation you're describing in Latin America, is it going to take you longer than you have anticipated to reach profitability in that market?
Reed Hastings: It's early to say. But on balance, I guess, yes, that it will take us longer than 2 years. So we're working hard on all of our payment issues and subtitling issues, rapidly improving them, and then we'll be able to see what's the underlying growth trajectory. So it's not out of the question, but I would say the odds are it will take longer than 2 years. And I'll point out that the 2 years is a bit of a aspirational arbitrary benchmark. If you look at DIRECTV, it took them a number of years to gain their market position, and now they have an extremely valuable franchise. So mostly, the 2-year goal is a great internal goal because we want to turn around that money and invest in the next market. But the fundamental -- really get a return on it is we feel very strongly about where the growing economies in Latin America and our strong relative competitive position that we can build a very valuable franchise in Latin America.
Ellie Mertz: In examining your Latin American product, would you say that most of the streaming activity is in the Televisa novelas or Hollywood programming out of the studio system? Also, what are your feelings about how the Latin American streaming product is priced versus the competition? And do you think any pricing tweaks are necessary?
Reed Hastings: Well, definitely, pricing is not an issue. We're very aggressively priced. For example, MXN 99 in Mexico. Most of the content viewing is Hollywood content, and that's how we've programmed. And then we complement that with the telenovelas.
Ellie Mertz: When negotiating with the studios, how does the prevalence of piracy in Latin America impact the deals in terms of pricing and/or release schedules?
David Wells: So I think it's back to my earlier comment about the available monetization channels that the content owner has and if piracy depresses those, then the cost of the content is lower because their ability to monetize the content in-market is lower.
Ellie Mertz: Why do you dismiss Web film [ph] so quickly as DVD-only? Let me take this one. Historically, Web film [ph] has been predominantly focused on DVD. Streaming is really something that they're only in the early stage of, whereas we've been focused on streaming for 5 years now. And so if you look at the services, we're better, faster and easier to use in the U.K. So we expect they'll likely be -- continue to be successful in the DVD-by-mail and the hybrid segment of the market, which for us domestically is about 40%. And if you just look at how they're offering the service today, they came out with a strong streaming-only offering around the time of our launch, and yet it's still very difficult to find on their website. So we'll continue to monitor them. But I think we have a leg up in terms of our streaming experience. Now that you're operating in 4 distinct regions: U.S., Canada, Latin America and U.K./Ireland, is there a need to favor one specific region over another in terms of allocating the content spend?
David Wells: No, there's no such need.
Ellie Mertz: Why did international freeze subs decline quarter-over-quarter? Is it normal seasonality?
David Wells: So I think the reference in terms of international freeze, if you take the total less...
Reed Hastings: That would be Lat Am. We launched Latin America mid-September. And so there was a big burst of trial subs, and there was no market that we launched in December.
David Wells: Right. So seasonal with the launch.
Ellie Mertz: Do you expect international quarterly losses to begin to decline in the second quarter of 2012?
David Wells: What we said in the letter was that the losses would moderate. So yes, I think that implies that they would go down in moderation from Q1 to Q2.
Ellie Mertz: I think it's safe to say that our losses will obviously be dependent on subscriber growth and the revenue that we generate from that growth. Let's move to questions about DVD. If the DVD business continues to decline, would you look to consolidate warehouses? How do you expect closing of post offices to impact shipment time?
Reed Hastings: The closing of post offices has been put off probably post the election. So I don't see a big threat on that this year. And then in terms of closing our distribution centers, there's no practical savings to closing those. Most of the costs are the discs and the postage. So very little of it is our own processing centers. So it's just not material.
Ellie Mertz: How do you think consumers will react to a 56-day new release window? Do you expect that to drive more consumers away from DVD subscription?
David Wells: Well, our DVD consumers, including hybrid and DVD-only, continue to be weighted towards catalog. It's less than 30% in terms of the shipment mix that are new-release oriented. When we went to 28-day, we didn't see a big shift because, again, that mix was about the same then. And it's actually gone slightly down. It hasn't gone slightly up as you might surmise from more concentration to DVD subscribers.
Ellie Mertz: Will you be adding video games or 3D movies to your product offering, especially if subscribers are willing to pay a premium like they do for Blu-ray discs?
Reed Hastings: 3D movies, we already have. We have a lot of Blu-ray that's 3D. And on streaming, that's definitely something we can do and we'll be looking at. In terms of video games, we have no plans to enter video games.
Ellie Mertz: Looking at your Q1 guidance and utilizing the midpoint, it seems that your guidance is suggesting that a DVD subscriber is contributing about 6x more to profits than a streaming subscriber, or around $15 per DVD customer but only $2.50 for a streaming customer. Do you still feel it is a wise strategy to push customers towards the streaming service? And if so, what effects do you anticipate on long-term margins?
David Wells: The analysis is well intentioned, I'm sure, but it's looking -- not looking at the marginal cost and the marginal increment, which is the important one. So a marginal streaming subscriber is almost pure contribution margin. There's a little bit for credit cards, CS and CDMCs [ph], but it's pretty modest. A marginal DVD subscriber has a number of variable costs, the postage and DVD fees in particular. So actually, it's the opposite, which is the profitability of a new streaming subscriber, the contribution margin is almost twice what it is for a DVD subscriber. So that's the way we think about it. And we're -- wed like to have someone use both services because obviously, that's both more revenue and more profit. But if they were only going to use one, we'd much prefer them use the streaming service.
Ellie Mertz: Why the reduced expectation for Q1 DVD contribution profit margin? Are content costs going up? Or you expect to market the service more?
David Wells: The reduced margin is related to the reduced revenue that we discussed in the letter. I don't think -- it's not going down too much other than the fact that there's a seasonal increase in usage in the DVD business. So Q4 to Q1, we usually see a margin reduction in the DVD business.
Ellie Mertz: In terms of retention initiatives are being done in the DVD segment, will Netflix be marketing the DVD service in 2012?
Reed Hastings: There are no specific retention efforts, and we don't plan on marketing the DVD service. Our primary goal is to keep it stable, very high functioning to keep our operational metrics in terms of top of queue fulfillment; in terms of one-day turnaround, very, very high, and not to otherwise to start -- keep it running very well.
David Wells: And when we've tested DVD plans and putting more emphasis on DVD plans, there hasn't been a great take rate. So I think we get that question a lot and we have looked at it through AV testing. And there's not a large consumer adoption of those plans.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about our consolidated results and outlook. With the stated goal of returning to profitability before launching new markets, is it fair to expect that you'll be basically -- you'll basically be matching the rollout of new markets to profitability for the foreseeable future, meaning that once margins go above breakeven, new markets will be launched but bring them back down until that profitability is reached again and the cycle repeated until you reach a global or near-global offering?
Reed Hastings: Yes. That's a very articulate description.
Ellie Mertz: Lets move to questions about competition. Looking at competition for streaming rights domestically, we agree the breadth of content on Hulu and Amazon does not appear to match Netflix today, but you see that changing. Are you seeing them or potentially other players bid more aggressively for broader rights analogous to yours? In other words, is the bidding activity for streaming rights picking up?
Reed Hastings: There's very little market just for streaming rights. It's mostly for generalized exploitation rights. And so actually, Hulu Plus and Amazon are quite small bidders compared to the cable networks that we bid against. So no material change from them.
Ellie Mertz: You talked about Amazon getting into the stand-alone subscription market at a lower price. Would you expect them to do that with their current offering? Or would they need to acquire more content and more aggressive movies?
Reed Hastings: Not sure on their content strategy, depends on how much they want to spend.
David Wells: Today, they've taken a measured approach, but we'll see.
Ellie Mertz: What do you think the implications of the future Apple TV that is reported in the works might mean for your business's strategy?
Reed Hastings: I don't have any insight on an Apple TV. But there is a small 3 inch by 3 inch box called Apple TV that Apple invited us on about 2 years ago, and it's been very successful for us. We've just updated that application, making it even better, adding a great Netflix for Kids interface on it. It's now throughout Latin America, and we expanded the agreement with Apple for the U.K. and Ireland. So we're working really well with the current and existing Apple TV.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions on the financials and other metrics. In early January, Netflix announced that it streamed 2 billion hours of content in Q4. Can you explain why hours streamed is a relevant metric? If subscribers stream more hours, what impact does this have on Netflix's subscription cost? Will you be reporting hours streamed on a regular basis?
David Wells: I would liken that to a -- in 2007 when we announced the milestone 1 billionth DVD shipment. It's a measure of engagement and scale in terms of the widespread adoption of our service and the use of our service. So I wouldn't expect us to regularly update that on a quarterly basis but on a milestone basis. And it's a great milestone for us to have hit and, like I said, shows widespread adoption and usage of our service.
Reed Hastings: And there's very little margin impact for more usage. It's only in the CDM [ph] fees, is the only place where that exists.
Ellie Mertz: Could you update us on the percentage of subscribers who are both DVD and streaming? I can take this. At the end of the year, we had about 8.4 million subscribers who were on both of the services. So about 40% of our total streaming subscribers domestically.
Reed Hastings: And it's continuing to fall.
Ellie Mertz: Any impact to cost from the Durbin Amendment? I can take this as well. Durbin Amendment as related to our business basically caps the interchange fee charged to merchants when transacting even with debit cards. And so as can be expected, we have a high percentage of our transactions that are indeed conducted through debit cards. And so we will see a decrease in the percent of revenue paid towards credit card use this year and is incorporated into our guidance.
David Wells: It's buried in the cost of revenues, though. Streaming content expenses obviously are much bigger than our transaction fees on debit and credit card.
Ellie Mertz: Going forward with international mix, what are your assumptions on the blended tax rate for Q1 and all of 2012?
David Wells: Q1 will be 39%. We continue to be pretty close to a full tax rate payer. It's unknown whether the R&D tax credit will be renewed this year. My guess will punted through until the end of the election. And if it behaves similarly to 2010, if it isn't adopted, they'll probably make it retroactive, and we might have a similar tax pattern to 2010. Which means that we'll have 38%, 39%, and then there'll be a low rate catch-up in Q4.
Ellie Mertz: Right. Let's move to questions on Facebook. How has the Facebook integration impacted subscriber growth in Canada and Latin America?
Reed Hastings: There's no direct measurement that we're able to do on our success in all of our international markets, how much of that is due to Facebook and social integration. So instead, what we look at is engagement: how do we get people to enjoy it more, use it more, click on more of the stories, watch movies from The Social Rose. So our driving and focusing each of our updates is just increasing engagement, and that's been going very well. And we're excited about the possibilities of social TV as we continue to figure out how to evolve it and improve it.
Ellie Mertz: Is there an update on when you expect the app to be available to U.S. members?
Reed Hastings: I think we covered that in the investor letter under the BPPA [ph] section.
Ellie Mertz: Do the international test to date provide meaningful data in terms of the average boost to new subs, increased fees ensuing from existing subs, et cetera?
Reed Hastings: I don't think we covered that, which is we don't have a clean A/B. So we can't tell if this success is because of our brilliant advertising or because of our Facebook integration.
Ellie Mertz: Move to questions on devices. Apple sold 16 million iPads last quarter. But in the past, you have said you don't believe that tablets are a subscriber acquisition channel for Netflix streaming. Do you think that the faster, out-of-home bandwidth speeds would possibly convert tablets into bigger subscription -- into a bigger subscription acquisition channel?
Reed Hastings: Not particularly. Tablets are very successful, and people are watching Netflix on lots of tablets. That doesn't make it an acquisition vehicle. It's a great consumption vehicle. And tablets as opposed to phones tend to be Wi-Fi and tend to be used then without data caps. Whereas phones tend to be used on mobile plans, cellular plans that have data caps in the U.S. generally. So we're very bullish on tablets. We're investing heavily in it. We updated our iPad interface and made them much better, and were continuing to invest in that. So it's a key part of our strategy.
David Wells: We said earlier that we don't comment on the relative usage across devices, but one of the reasons that we're investing in tablets is because we do see people enjoying a lot more of their viewing on tablets relative to the PC.
Ellie Mertz: Have you seen any impact from Smart TV sales during the quarter?
Reed Hastings: Yes, absolutely. Smart TV is one of our fastest-growing device categories. It's just beginning obviously. But as consumers set up and buy, or buy and set up Internet TVs, they certainly want to be able to use Netflix. And in many of them, we've got a great red Netflix button right on the remote control, so it makes it very easy. So the long-term trend for us on Smart TV is very exciting and positive.
Ellie Mertz: So one question on the Q4 financing. In hindsight, do you wish you waited on the secondary given the quarter and guide for Q1 was better than original guidance? Why did you not just wait until Q1 to do the raise?
Reed Hastings: It's always fun to pick stock prices in hindsight. You could have great returns when you do that.
David Wells: Yes. I'd say that hindsight's easy. Given the same facts, I'd make the same decision. And the relative dilution is unfortunate. We'll work a little harder. But otherwise, we're in a much stronger position.
Ellie Mertz: Great. That's the end of the email -- submitted email questions. At this time, I'll turn it over to our operator and we'll begin taking live follow-up call-in questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rich [ph] Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: A couple of follow-ups. One, Reed, when you initially were going to separate the 2 plans with Qwikster, you had talked about investing in the DVD business, and that's part of the reason you were doing it, was to invest in that business because you thought it had a long life. And it seemed like -- the comment you made earlier, you made it seem like the DVD business is something you're not going to put a whole lot more emphasis on from an investment standpoint. I'm just -- does this all relate back to the fact that the DVD business is actually now declining? I mean, do you expect stand-alone DVD subs to be down each of the quarters throughout 2012?
Reed Hastings: Yes, Rich ]ph]. We expect DVD subscribers to decline steadily every quarter forever.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: But even -- because the stand-alone subscribers I think actually we're up in Q4. And so now you actually think that now that the shift from hybrid to stand-alone DVD had subsided, the net effect will be stand-alone DVD-only subscribers going down quarter after quarter?
Reed Hastings: No. We don't think about it as stand-alone versus hybrid. There's just DVD subscription to DVD subscriptions, which are 11 million at the end of last year, are going to decline steadily essentially forever.
Richard Greenfield - BTIG, LLC, Research Division: And then if I could just -- one last question on viewership. The 2 billion hours I think was a real surprise to most people in the industry. And I think one of the things that is talked a lot about by investors is that people say the content is not that great, there isn't that much to watch. And yet when you see 2 billion hours, or people watching an hour a day, there seems to be a real disconnect between what people are doing with Netflix or even what some of the other media executives in the industry think people are doing on Netflix than what they're actually doing. What do you think the biggest reason for this disconnect is?
Reed Hastings: The average American household watches 8 hours of TV a day. And the average investor does not watch 8 hours of TV a day. So there's -- when one looks at one's own personal behavior, there is a big disconnect, I would say, relative to median or typical Americans which is, at over 20 million subscribers, is most of our market. And so if there is a disconnect, that might be the reason why.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Helfstein from Oppenheimer.
Jason S. Helfstein - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Two questions. First, not sure if you want to comment. In the last filing, you guys talked about expecting an EPS loss for the year. That was around your offering. Wondering how the near term results in your outlook for the first quarter affect that outlook and if that's still a current number? And secondly, can you just update us what share count was at the end of the quarter?
Reed Hastings: On the first part, I'll refer you to the investor letter, which addresses that precisely. And then the share count?
David Wells: 55.4 million was the diluted share count at the end of the quarter. And I'll just...
Reed Hastings: And that's in the letter -- investor letter, obviously.
David Wells: Yes. It's on the first page of the letter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente from Barclays Capital.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the Warner Home Entertainment moving its window to 56 days from 28, you'd mentioned in the letter that, that improves your relationship with Warner. And I know that is relevant to the DVD side. But I guess there's -- some investors out there are wondering if there's a possibility that you licensed more of the Warner Bros.' TV studios content going forward? I just wonder, is your relationship with Time Warner and Warner Bros. improved such that it's any more likely incrementally that you can secure Warner Bros.' TV content from here? And do you think expanding window relate to that in any way?
Reed Hastings: Just to correct you, I don't believe that we said it improved the relationship. And...
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It can maintain a direct relationship with Warner.
Reed Hastings: Yes, as opposed to going to Wal-Mart and buying the DVD sideways. So that's what that's a reference to. So it's a perfectly healthy, respectful relationship and one with a top bidder. And we make them more money than everybody else, we get the content. And when we're not the top bidder, we don't get the content. So we don't do them favors, they don't do us favors, but there's trust and respect. And when there's an overlap, then we're able to do good business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: The comment about underspending in marketing in Q4, could you just provide a little more color around that with our new found efficiencies? Or was that just a timing issue?
David Wells: That wasn't timing, Mark. This is David. It was related to the fact that we had to make some estimates on Netflix button payments for CE manufacturers. And our estimates were too high.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So you said in the letter that you won't add new geographies until you return to profitability. Is that global profitability on a quarterly basis or full year? So I guess in other words, if you [indiscernible].
David Wells: Quarterly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt from Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first read on the DVD business has this inherent upsell capability given the multi-disc and the Blu-ray premium as well. And so for streaming, it's less clear. You've talked historically about the possibility of things like family plans. And I'm just wondering if you can speak to those opportunities to the extent that you think that they do exist and whether you think the $7.99 is the right long-term price for the U.S. streaming product?
Reed Hastings: I think $7.99 is the right price for streaming. Were -- feel great about the price. We're succeeding at that price. We've got a growing contribution margin, growing market share at that price. So we don't have any plans to change that. We will be adding various kinds of multi-account options over the year that our Product Officer, Neil Hunt, has talked about. And those are aimed at providing a better experience so that, for example, not all of your kids' content shows up for you, and not all of your content shows up on your kids' accounts. So we'll continue to improve the experience in that way.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And separately, you've also mentioned that the streaming business has a higher incremental contribution margin profit. And so I understand it's early and subscribers are a key ingredient, I suppose, to the margin profile of the streaming business overtime. But how do you think about the margin profile of that business given that on one hand, your retail price is lower than premium TV providers. On the other hand, if you take the premium TV providers such as HBO, and even if you gross their business up for the MSO [ph] rupture, they have operating margins in the mid-20s.
Reed Hastings: I agree with your facts, Scott, but I'm not sure what the question was.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The question is how do you -- as you position your streaming business and you're thinking about understanding that it's very early, what do you think the margin profile of the domestic streaming business is?
Reed Hastings: Well, lets see -- so HBO gets round numbers, around $7 or $8 per sub from the MSOs [ph]. We hope that we can have a much larger subscriber base than them. And that will allow us to spend even more on content and have an even better service. Then you've got, obviously, the on-demand aspect of Netflix and all the work that we do to make it personalized and even more useful. So we should be able to, in the long term, have an even better margin position than HBO, but it really depends on a relative scale. So if we're twice as large as the nearest competitor, it would tend to lead to large margins. If it's neck-and-neck of us and HBO in terms of subscriber size, then there would be tighter margins for both of us.
David Wells: And if there's more substitution between those 2 rather than complement.
Reed Hastings: Exactly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Schechter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. .
Matt Schechter - Center for Financial Research & Analysis, Inc.: In the past, you have said that you have seen, at least initially, that there was a kind of a shorter duration or lighter connection with streaming subscribers leading to [indiscernible] versus streaming subscribers on a cohort -- same cohort basis? Are you continuing this? And where do you think streaming churn will end up relative to your historical near 4%?
Reed Hastings: Matt, you're on a mobile phone and it was cutting out while you spoke. The question I got was kind of long-term churn. It's not something that we really focus on. We make it easy for subscribers to get in and get out. And one of the aspects of the membership change that we referred to, definitional change, for example, is that if we go to your credit card and the charge doesn't go through, you're essentially instantly canceled. For membership purposes, you no longer count as a paid member. And then when the credit card clears, you become a member again. And so you could imagine that if you treat it that way, that wreaks havoc with -- or makes churn numbers not really that sensible. So that's some of the reasons that we've really been focusing on net additions and total subscriber growth and not churn.
David Wells: Actually, the other thing I'd add to that is just like the DVD business, our subscribers that higher in retention, the longer they are with us. So I think you're referring that to the relative statements we made about streaming retention, early subscribers versus streaming retention, hybrid or DVD subscribers. But that retention does get better the longer the sub remains with us, just like it has before. So the more the base -- the subscriber base ages, the better our retention overall.
Matt Schechter - Center for Financial Research & Analysis, Inc.: David, just a quick follow-up. Does that equal out to very similar on DVD versus streaming on a same cohort basis in time, the age of subscriber?
David Wells: So if the retention pattern starts a little bit lower, our retention pattern is not going to equal. Because -- I see what you're asking. You're asking if someone who's been with us for a year, streaming subscriber, is equivalent to someone who's been with us with a year on the hybrid or DVD in it? It's roughly in line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: A couple of things. So first, just on the 1Q streaming guidance. Can you just clarify; you mentioned the 200,000 fewer domestic streaming subs potentially in 1Q, based on the change on payment hold. So you're suggesting that, that guidance would be 200,000 higher if it weren't for that change? And then also, any commentary on what you'd expect for streaming sub growth in 2012?
Reed Hastings: Correct on your first one and nothing more than the letter on the second.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just follow up with one more. Could you just clarify why there's no deleveraging the DVD business if you have to continue to operate the warehouses around the country?
Reed Hastings: Because the warehouses are -- I shouldn't say no deleverage. But the warehouses are such a tiny percent of the total cost, and most of the equipment or a lot of it has depreciated that there's only very modest deleveraging.
David Wells: So if you think about the DVD cost, postage and the cost of the content are more variable. And those are the bigger pieces than the cost of the fulfillment. That's one of the reasons you see that our fulfillment as a percent of revenue is going down.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Hargreaves from Pacific Crest.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Can you give us a sense for how you think about the mix of marketing versus content spend as you're entering new markets?
Reed Hastings: Andy, I can't really help you on that for competitive reasons. We enter big on both to create both a lot of brand awareness and to have it be a good experience. So each country, we're learning more and more. Or each market, we're learning more and more. We started in Canada. We've adjusted that mix a little bit for Lat Am. We adjusted it again for U.K. and Ireland, and we're continuing to improve in terms of that mix. But we view it as a good proprietary advantage.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then just a model question. Is there early conversion on the PTV convert so that you would have to count those shares in the diluted share count at the current price?
David Wells: The forced conversion price is 111.54, and it has to be at a sustained level for a number of days. So it's possible, but the conditions are somewhat public in terms of...
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And when does it become eligible for that, David?
David Wells: When it's -- in 6 months.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: So 6 months from issuance? Mid-November?
David Wells: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Blackledge from Crdit Suisse.
John R. Blackledge - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. The 4Q '11 subs, in particular the net unique sub apps are a little better than what you guided too. Just wondering what drove that? Was December better? And then if you can give us a sense of what the net uniques sub losses and/or additions by month were in the fourth quarter, that would be helpful.
Reed Hastings: John, it was better as we said in letter that October and November matched what we had expected and December was stronger. And that was a combination of more growth adds around the holiday period, integration into all the devices and fewer cancels than we had expected.
Ellie Mertz: Okay. That's going to be the last question for today. We'd like to thank everyone for your time and look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Reed Hastings: And I feel obliged, since I just got back from Sundance, to give you 2 movie recommendations to end the call on a light note. Both The Surrogate and Beasts of the Southern Wild hopefully will get picked up and distributed and everyone will be able to see them. They're fantastic movies. And I'll try to make sure they're on Netflix for all of you, too. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-24 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee Deborah T. Crawford - Vice President of Investor Relations Ellie Mertz - 
Analysts: Youssef H. Squali - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Q&A session. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Ellie Mertz, VP of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Q&A session. I am joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO.  We announced our financial results for the third quarter at approximately 1:25 p.m, Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q3 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to ir@netflix.com. In the time remaining after e-mail Q&A, we will also open up the lines to take live, follow-up questions. The dial-in number is within our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you would like to get in the call queue.  We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 18, 2011. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific Time today.  Now let's move directly to questions. Similar to previous quarters, we have organized the questions by topic as we received them via e-mail this afternoon. We'll start with questions about the domestic business.
Ellie Mertz: Given the sub losses in October, why are you so confident that November will be flat and December will have positive net adds for streaming? What does the churn look like week-to-week in October?
Reed Hastings: Now, what we've seen is a second wave of cancellations from the price increase. The first wave was in July upon announcement, and the second wave has been in September and October, as people become more aware of the price increase, and then either changed the plan or canceled. And that wave has been declining very steadily over the past couple of weeks. And so we have substantially less weekly cancels now than we did just 3 to 4 weeks ago. So that's what gives us confidence that it's -- this wave passing through.
Ellie Mertz: Why do you specifically believe your December month domestic net adds will be strongly positive? Do you plan a major marketing campaign to help make this happen?
Reed Hastings: Our marketing has been very successful for the last several years, and we don't plan on any substantial change to it. It's a great set of campaigns that work very well at attracting streaming subscribers. And in Q4, particularly in December, there's more focus on a set of devices, video game consoles that get sold, iPads that get sold, a wide range of devices. And so our expectations are modeled from prior year's performance.
Ellie Mertz: Why not reintroduce a combined streaming DVD plan offering at a discount for taking both?
Reed Hastings: Well, as we addressed in the letter, we think the future is brightest by focusing on streaming. We could, in principle, offer discounts for hybrid, but if we were going to use discounting dollars, we wouldn't want to trying to incent more DVD use and subsidizing DVDs, we'd want to be discounting streaming, and focus on getting even more market share. As it turns out, we think that $7.99 streaming is such a great price, that mostly we should focus on continuing to fill out the content. And so we're really quite comfortable in our growth with the 2 $7.99 programs.
Ellie Mertz: Do you mean to ramp spending to win back sentiment, to drive a virtuous cycle, even if it means lower margins for the next 12 to 18 months? Has your programming spend targets for 2012 changed due to the change in subscriber trends? If so, what type of content are you giving up?
Reed Hastings: Well, as we said in the letter, the focus for us is in building back our reputation and brand strength. But that's not through grand gestures, signing some crazy content deal or doing something else. It's the same set of steps that we've been using year after year for the past 10 years in terms of building our brand, which is a steady focus on execution, improving our service quarter-after-quarter. And in terms of our programming content, we do have built into our plan substantial increases in the content investment over this year and over the prior year. It's really exciting that we're able to fill out that content as we documented in its effect in our letter.
Ellie Mertz: Can you please provide apples-to-apples comparisons for your subscriber guidance? What does it imply on a unique subscriber basis? And how many hybrid subscribers are you assuming for Q4?
David Wells: This is David Wells, the CFO. So in terms of our subscriber guidance, what we said in the letter is we will be up slightly from the 23.8 million unique subscribers we needed Q3 with. So that tells you sort of where we are from a unique subscriber basis.  I will say that from a hybrid subscriber basis, we expect streaming only subscribers to grow substantially, DVD only subscribers to be up somewhat, and for those subscribers taking both services to be down. And I think all the pieces are there in the letter and the guidance.
Ellie Mertz: Would churn peak in Q4?
Reed Hastings: Really, we focus on net adds and growing the business. And we make it very easy for customers to exit or cancel Netflix and then come back. So we really don't focus on churn. We focus on total growth with the business or net additions.
David Wells: And I think if they were meaning to ask the question of, will the number of people leaving the service related to the price changes, peak end Q4, Reeds already answered that question in terms of the weekly trends that we see, and retention rates.
Ellie Mertz: Can you provide more detail about around your domestic streaming contribution margins? 8% seems unusually low, given that you already have 21 million streaming subscribers, and should therefore have significant scale. Is there a subscriber level at which you believe your streaming contribution margin will meet or exceed your DVD contribution margin?
David Wells: I think in the long-run, the long-term margin structure for streaming will be ultimately determined by the competitive space, and how many competitors we have. In the short run, we've been aggressively adding streaming content at the same rate of subscriber growth, and we continue to anticipate investing in that in 2012. But we do have the confidence that we'll be able to grow in pace along with that rate of investment addition. So we think we'll be able to take up contribution margin at the same time.
Ellie Mertz: Related question. How will U.S. content cost double in 2012, and contribution margin be up 100 basis points over the quarter?
David Wells: I think I just answered that question, but we would anticipate that the growth of streaming subscribers to outpace the content addition.
Reed Hastings: Well, in the other part is that in Q4 of this year, we've taken the content cost way up. So it's not doubling the Q4 levels going forward, it's on a year-over-year basis.
Ellie Mertz: What is the impact of the overall bad publicity on your cost per addition in each of the streaming and DVD-by-mail categories? Is the adverse impact more so on the streaming side, or the DVD-by-mail segment?  I can take this one. As you saw in our investor letter, Q3 SAC of about $15.25 was actually comparable to the prior quarter. In Q2 we reported a very similar SAC of $15.09, and it was actually down this quarter about $0.24, 24% from a year ago. So to date, we haven't seen any of the negative publicity affect our subscriber acquisition cost.
Reed Hastings: I think what we would imply is that our SAC might be even lower had we not had a brand hit.
Ellie Mertz: So moving on to questions specifically about the DVD business. I understand the ripping of the Band-Aid off approach, excuse me. I understand the ripping the Band-Aid off approach you used with your pricing changes. But what possible rationale could one use to justify the idea of paying to develop and build an entirely separate brand like Qwikster?
Reed Hastings: Well, in hindsight, it is hard to justify. I will tell you that the brand properties of DVD and streaming are quite different. DVD is complete, but it's got the by-mail aspect, which is quite slow. Streaming is instant and the selection is less. And so having separate brands representing really the different audiences that care about those 2 services can, in theory, make sense. However, in practice, post the price increase, Qwikster became the symbol of Netflix not listening. And we quickly changed course on that, and we're going to stick with DVD as part of the Netflix brand. And going forward, we'll be very aggressive on promoting streaming Netflix and the benefits, and anyone who wants to also subscribe to DVD will be very welcome, but we're going to be pushing and promoting streaming.
Ellie Mertz: What are your assumptions for growth for the domestic DVD business? Are the DVD trends company specific? Or is there a larger industry trend or change in consumer behavior? I noticed that DVD margins are currently much higher than streaming. What are your long-term contribution margin targets for U.S. streaming, international streaming and DVD?
Reed Hastings: I think David answered part of that on the long-term margin. And DVD is partially high margin because of the U.S. First Sale Doctrine, where we can buy the DVD, pay for it once, and then rent it as long as we want. So it's an unusually -- it's an unusual situation limited to DVD.  And then in terms of DVD subscriber counts and base, this quarter, there's a big downdraft, as evidenced in our guidance, and then it will be a slow decline over the next well, many years, for DVD. And as we've said in the letter, we don't anticipate further investments and equipment and property brand equipment for DVD. So we think that we can manage that downward.
Ellie Mertz: So this is a similar, related question. Given that DVD-by-mail is a mature, someone called it buggy whipped, business category for renting recent films, do you anticipate a steady decline in that business? Or do you believe there is a stabilized level of subscribers that the business is likely to support? In other words, what is the minimum subscriber level required to sustain a reasonably profitable cash cow business in that segment? And how viable do you believe it is?
Reed Hastings: It will probably be something like AOL dial-up from 2002 through to today, where its a steady decline ever year a little bit, but there's a long-term residual market. And there's very little fixed cost in the business. So that's not a material cutoff of its efficiency, it's almost all variable cost. The postage, the labor, all of those aspects.
Ellie Mertz: Final question on the DVD business. Historically, Netflix DVD business was so successful because it could effectively monetize the back catalogue, with a rental mix of only 30% new release and 70% back catalog compared to Blockbuster at effectively 90% new release and 10% back catalogue. How has the streaming service affected this mix for hybrid customers? And how much impact on profitability is there as DVD rentals shift towards new releases?
Reed Hastings: There's been no substantial shift in the DVD mix over the last couple of years. And so DVD is still primarily a catalogue rental business, where people like the incredible depth and breadth of the catalog, over a 100,000 titles.
David Wells: And I would also add to that, that we've said before that Netflix is not the only service that our subscribers use to source their entertainment. And so to the extent that subscribers also use their local video store, Redbox and other services, they continue to do that.
Ellie Mertz: Let's move to questions about content. Have expensive content become more important? What is your bias in terms of paying either higher fees for pure exclusivity, or paying lower rights fees and letting something like Epix become non-exclusive?
Reed Hastings: Well, as we mentioned back, I think, in our April investor letter, the industry is mostly an exclusive licensing industry, and we'll end up doing more and more exclusive over time, and that has been witnessed in what we've seen to date. So we do expect to continue to expand exclusive licensing arrangements. And then on Epix specifically, I don't have a comment.
Ellie Mertz: Is original content the key to reenergizing gross additions?
Reed Hastings: Well gross additions are up over a year ago. And, of course, we always want them to be up even more. And original content may play a part in that over time. We've got some smaller, innovative, original content with Lillehammer, and some larger high-profile content next fall. And those are nice augmentations to the strategy. But the core of our strategy is to create a great customer experience with the content we have, using the personalization, the on-demand incredible streaming that we have, and that's what's really propelled our growth over the last several years.
Ellie Mertz: Specific question about Epix. The folks at Epix say that there is a window starting August 10, allowing Epix the option of either renegotiating new terms on your current deal or leaving the terms as is. Therefore, can you confirm that this is indeed the case?
David Wells: We don't talk about specifics on the deals that we had. I will say that, that date sounds early.
Ellie Mertz: To what extent are your streaming content deals, which usually encompass multiple years on variable cost terms, i.e. tied to subscriber numbers, to better assure maintenance of your operating margin targets?  So I can take this one. So essentially, all of our streaming content licenses are on a fixed fee basis, and we amortize them straight-line over the length of the license agreement.  Next question. Do your content deals include broad changes in control limitations, which would cancel the agreements, if you were ever acquired?
David Wells: Again, we don't usually talk about specifics, but no, there isn't a limitation.
Ellie Mertz: Are you okay with being rerun television?
Deborah T. Crawford: While I think as I said over last couple of months, it's not how I would characterize it, but it's not fundamentally inaccurate to say that we have incredible complete prior season, like the last couple of seasons of "Mad Men" and "Breaking Bad" et cetera, and that, that creates a great customer experience, especially for episodic content. And going back on series, you might not have seen all the episodes or couldnt get into. And so complete prior season, plus a huge selection of movies, is a great combination service.
Ellie Mertz: In advance of the release of the full 10-Q. Give an updated figure for total off-balance-sheet streaming content commitments.
David Wells: Sure. Streaming content commitments in the table will read $3.5 billion, up from $2.3 billion and that number is inclusive of what's already in the library, so essentially, we're writing up another $1.1 billion in the future commitments that don't meet the criteria for library recognition.
Ellie Mertz: What's the split between movie streaming and TV streaming in the U.S. market? Does that differ in Canada?
Reed Hastings: TV, as a percentage of hours, is ahead of movies at this point, in most places in the world for us. But it can vary sometimes on the programming mix. But you know round numbers, think of them as theyre each about half.
Ellie Mertz: When you say that you'll be spending nearly double what you've spent for the content this year in 2012, would that be all new cash outlay, or would that include the multiyear contracts fields you've already in entered into, and currently hold, either on or off the balance sheet?
David Wells: It will include the deals that we've already announced and included, and some new deals, so its a mixture of both. But it does include the new deals, I mean, the existing deals.
Reed Hastings: And the increase referred to there is P&L view.
David Wells: Sure.
Ellie Mertz: So moving to some questions about competition. What is your competitive advantage competing against the traditional pay channels? What about against all the presumed new entrants that everyone seems to be so spooked about, such as Amazon, Hulu, Dish, Google and Apple?
Reed Hastings: Well lets see. Relative to pay television, it's not a 0 some gain. So many people, including me, subscribe to HBO because it's got incredible content in addition to Netflix. So think of it as multiple channels, and people will consume in -- from multiple providers. That being said, when budgets are tight, there's a hierarchy of which ones do you use most. And we definitely want to win those. And so our competitive differentiation there is that we're a pure on-demand experience, to which we can create a much better user experience by being pure on-demand, we're highly personalized, so it's much easier to discover lots of content we might not know exist that's unique for each individual. And then, of course, how more enormously great value at $7.99 unlimited and unbundled from the traditional cable system, it creates an incredible value. So those are the primary 3.  And then in terms of the many new competitors, that's exactly what happens in a big new opportunity. I think everybody sees that Internet video is going to be an enormous market over the next couple of years, and it's completely predictable that there will be many new entrants. And so we're focused on how do we extend our lead and our benefits, again, focused on streaming.
Ellie Mertz: What, if any impacts, have you seen from Dish Network's effort to build out its Blockbuster Movie Pass streaming option? Same question for Amazon Prime free video offering.
Reed Hastings: From neither one have we seen any impact.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about international. How long will the international expansion be halted?
Reed Hastings: Well, we're going to put a pause on our international expansion post the U.K. and Ireland 'till get back to global profitability. So that depends on how fast we can grow our global subscriber base, which will be some number of quarters. And we're eager to get back to continuing the international expansion because we see it as such a large opportunity. But we need to take a few quarters to get our subscriber base back to the appropriate size.
Ellie Mertz: Why did you choose the U.K. and Ireland as your next market, even though it's expensive on a relative basis, and are already fairly competitive? Hasn't Sky locked up most of the content rights already? What is your point of differentiation there?
Reed Hastings: Well, Sky Movies does have the fixed major studios, but there is a wide range of other movie content available from the non-fixed majors, and then there's a tremendous amount of television that's available also. And Sky Movies is expensive at GBP 16, or about $25 a month and it's only taken now by less than 5 million citizens or households. So there's a big opportunity for those who don't have Sky Movies. And then for those who do have Sky Movies for using our TV content selection to attract those subscribers.  So the answer to the question of why the U.K. and Ireland, it's because we see a very attractive market, with great, over-the-top penetration. Many consumers are very comfortable with online video, and use it frequently from 4 on Demand, from BBC iPlayer, Sky Go, all the different providers. So it's a very fertile market in that way. And our big advantage is really knowing streaming technology well, streaming marketing, and we feel great about entering with all of our CE partners.
Ellie Mertz: On international, you're now investing in multiple markets, when your core domestic market is experiencing growing pains. With U.K. and Ireland, you're entering into a market where LOVEFiLM was the first mover. Can you discuss how you think about the trade-off between establishing a foothold in international markets, while attempting to grow domestically through broadening the content library?
David Wells: Well, in the U.S., we're very confident of our success in streaming. Our content is in the best shape it's ever been. It's really an incredible selection of content, and that's showing up for us in viewing hours and all the kind of key metrics. In Canada, we're very successful, so we're excited about that. And now, we're going to be focusing on the U.K. And LOVEFiLM, which is owned by Amazon, is a well-run firm, they'll be a great competitor, they'll be one of a dozen competitors for over-the-top, including, as I mentioned, the BBC iPlayer, 4 on Demand, Sky Go and others. So it's -- we look forward to entering in the market and establishing what a great value Netflix is.
Reed Hastings: I would also add that LOVEFiLm was the first mover in DVD-by-mail in the U.K, it's not clear to me that they're there the first mover in streaming. They do have some offering and they're increasing that offering. But if we launch in Q1, that it's not clear that they're the first mover in streaming.
Ellie Mertz: Will you quantify the magnitude of consolidated losses that you are likely to incur in the first part of 2012, as you launch in U.K. and Ireland?
Reed Hastings: Well, what we've said in Q4, we guided to contribution profit midpoint of $65 million loss. If you put that together with our statements that Canada is roughly breakeven, then you can assume that most of that is Latin American loss, plus some expenses related to prepping for the U.K. And I would say that the first quarter loss for the U.K. is, in rough numbers, akin to the Latin American loss.
Ellie Mertz: In posted your guidance, are you saying that Netflix will be unprofitable on a global basis over all of 2012? In other words, were losses over the next few quarters be larger than any profits that could come in 3Q or 4Q of 2012?
Reed Hastings: What we said is, that in the first few quarters, we're putting a pause on international until they get back to global profitability, and we haven't guided to the later half of 2012.
Ellie Mertz: Are any differences in terms of the types of content that are working in Latin America versus the U.S. and Canada? What types of shows and films are proving the most popular there?
Reed Hastings: We're very early in on Latin America, about 45 days since we launched. So we're just starting to learn those lessons, and to figure out how to constantly improve our service, as we did when we launched Canada, and then 6 months after we started Canada. So we'll learn more every quarter on that.
David Wells: An easy anecdote on that one is telenovelas work well in Latin America, and they don't work in Canada. But I don't think that's telling you anything other than what Reed said.
Ellie Mertz: Can you provide any more detail on your Latin American rollout? Which specific countries in Latin America have been the biggest contributors to your international subscriber growth?
Reed Hastings: Well, as you would expect, Mexico and Brazil are the 2 largest broadband streaming markets, and those are our 2 largest markets.
Ellie Mertz: Moving on to a question about CE devices. In January at the CES conference, you announced that Best Buy, Memorex, Panasonic, Samsung, Sharp and others would add Netflix buttons to their remote controls to their devices. Can you give us an update on these partnerships? Will these devices they should be in time for the 2011 winter holiday season?
Reed Hastings: I don't know specifically on specific brands, but on it as a whole, I would say the Netflix button program has been going great and there will be lots of devices in the market in Q4 in preparation for Christmas.
Ellie Mertz: Some other miscellaneous questions. What is the company's guidance for its future tax rate? I can take this one. We guide to roughly 30% effective tax rate for the full year, and probably slightly higher, something around 38% for Q4, likely trending to say, 39% in the following year. If you look at the Q3 effective tax rate, it was quite low at approximately 33%, and that was due to the expiration of some statutory limitations on some past audits. So we have to treat benefit in Q3 that we won't have in future quarters.
David Wells: And just a clarification, Ellie, you said 37% for the full year, correct? Okay.
Ellie Mertz: Yes. How long will you wait for regulatory clarity in the U.S. related to the Facebook issue?
Reed Hastings: Well, there's a bill in Congress now, H.R. 2471, which clarifies that a consumer does have the right to get permission for their video data that we shared, and that predicting what the U.S. Congress is going to is not something we're going to engage in. If it passes, that's great, and fantastic for consumers everywhere. If it doesn't, we'll figure out our next best steps at that point.
Ellie Mertz: Great. So at this time, I'd like to turn it over to the operator and begin taking live, call-in questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Youssef Squali from Jefferies & Company.
Youssef H. Squali - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Reed, just a couple of questions, or really one question going back to the DVD business. Clearly, it's -- as it starts atrophying, I'm just trying to understand what is the value of that business to you now, outside of just being a cash cow? Are there any synergies that still exist between that and the streaming business? And if there is any value to actually keep it under the same umbrella?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, at this point, it's a source of profits funding our international expansion, and it's a source of satisfaction to the more than 10 million members who subscribe to our DVD service, whether they also subscribe to streaming or not. And so we'll keep it and run it steadily, and keep the service levels great for it. So that would be the plan going forth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from... [Operator Instructions]
Reed Hastings: Well, that's okay you guys. Our job as we see, it is try to anticipate your questions and answer as many of them proactively in our investor letter as possible. I'll take the absence of telephone questions that, at least in that dimension, we're doing a good job. And we want to thank everyone for their support. We know it's been an extremely challenging time to be a shareholder over the last couple of months.  And I want to tell everyone that we are extremely focused on growing our streaming business on a global basis, and believe it's a tremendous opportunity to create a very valuable and important and respected firm, and that's what every day here at Netflix is spent doing.  So with that, thank you all very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today's program. This concludes the programming. You may all disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-25 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee Ellie Mertz - 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Netflix Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Q&A Session Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. Now I would like to pass the call over to Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Q&A Session. I'm joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO.  We announced our financial results for the second quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter, and the Q2 financial results, and the webcast of this Q&A session, are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  As is our standard practice, this call will consist solely of Q&A and we're going to conduct the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to ir@netflix.com.  We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 18, 2011. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time today.
Ellie Mertz: Now let's move directly to questions. Similar to last quarter, we have organized the questions by topic as we've received them via e-mail this afternoon. We'll start with questions about the pricing changes we announced just 2 weeks ago. How are you feeling about the price increase 2 weeks since announcing it? Do you expect for some of the subscribers to reign off with the pricing increase, that they will return later once they try other alternatives?
Reed Hastings: This is Reed. Like any customer-driven organization, we feel bad about having customers upset with us. But we feel great about the amazing new content we're going to be able to license in the fourth quarter and next year, which will further propel our growth and our subscriber satisfaction. And the price change takes effect upon each subscriber's renewal in September. So we don't have a full range view of it. But so far from what we've seen, we've been very pleased at the effects, and we're feeling great about the decision as tough as it is, and it's going to allow us to have this fantastic streaming content going forward.
Ellie Mertz: While still early, could you help us understand the initial effects of the subscription plan pricing change so the net effect on subscriber growth, churn, and ARPU?
Reed Hastings: Because of the timing, we announced it at the very beginning of the quarter, we will see the negative effects of it in Q3. That is the elevated churn and lower revenue growth that we would otherwise have. Then the price increase takes effect essentially mid-September on average. So we get a little bit of benefit at the end of the quarter, and then the real benefit comes in the following quarters, Q4 and beyond. But in terms of tracking where we are and our expectations, we're feeling very good.
Ellie Mertz: Can you tell us what percentage of subscribers have canceled the service? Have you seen subscribers migrate more towards the unlimited streaming plans, or towards the DVD plans, or they opt in for both?
Reed Hastings: Well, we're making estimates for the end of the quarter. That's what's in our guidance. And we'll see over time what the split is. We feel great when you think about it with our DVD service at $7.99. It's an incredible value. It's the lowest priced offer in the market place, it's the best service levels in the marketplace. So if a customer wants DVD rental by mail, we're definitely the place to go. And then in terms of streaming, we've gained increasing confidence over the last 2 years about the viability and strength of a pure streaming plan. We gained some confidence when we launched in Canada and that blew away our expectations with the response. We gained some confidence when we led on our nonmember homepage with streaming only. And as we put in our shareholder letter in Q2, about 75% of subscribers chose streaming only. In other words, even though DVD was only $2 more, 75% stuck with streaming only. And again with this pricing change, we're going to be able to strengthen that streaming plan with more content. So that's why we feel good about it.
David Wells: Just to add on to that, our guidance in the letter shows people the strength of the offerings in the sense that we do feel that most people are taking the hybrid offering. A lot of these hybrid subscribers are staying on both plans and that's implied in both the guidance and the diagram that we put into the letter.
Ellie Mertz: So a follow-up question on timing. Why did you implement the recent pricing changes now when subscriber growth is near the highest you've ever had? Why not wait until you are further into your penetration curve?
Reed Hastings: Well, I think the reason we felt confident about doing it now is the strength of streaming only. Really, we got convinced that we can thrive on streaming only. And with the great new content, we're going to be able to get with this pricing change, the best timing was now.
Ellie Mertz: Why did you decide to push through such a large pricing increase over the smaller, less disruptive one?
Reed Hastings: We didn't approach it as what percent price increase should one do. And I think if we had, we probably wouldn't have gone to 60%. So I can understand the question. We really approached it on, that we should separate the businesses and the plans because streaming only was going to become a global offering. And we wanted to really focus on that global streaming offering. And DVD is an incredible U.S.-based plan that's very profitable. It's very large and we wanted it to be able to be successful, and to have a group that was going to focus on it. And the pricing change somewhat was an outcome of that.
Ellie Mertz: Why lower the price on DVD only? As sub-shift to streaming, the economics of the remaining DVD business would appear to be working against you. Is there a lot less infrastructure for less subs?
Reed Hastings: Well, we didn't lower the price on DVD only. We never had a DVD-only plan. So the perception of lowering might come from the combination plan which was $9.99 and that was the only way to get DVD. And for someone who is very rural and doesn't have broadband, they were essentially paying that extra $2 for streaming not being able to access it. And so we felt great about making a low price -- to aggressively low-priced $7.99 DVD plan. And that, that was the right plan to carry forward on our DVD side.
Ellie Mertz: Could you explain in more detail the thought process and drivers behind separating the DVD only business. You started DVD only marketing again and looking to improve your service after several quarters of effectively putting that part of your service back of mind?
Reed Hastings: One of the aspects that we wanted to get is that the DVD can last a long time as a successful service and generate lots of satisfaction and lots of profits if we give it a platform to succeed on. And it is true that we haven't marketed it much in the last couple of years, but by now, having it as a division within Netflix, we've got a way to measure the P&L and we think it will be a smart investment in its growth and sustainability. And whether -- if growth was probably a bit overstated, that would be an aggressive case. But at least that it will shrink slowly as opposed to rapidly with a little bit of investment. And we'll figure that out over the next couple of quarters.
David Wells: And I think we've always talked about the DVD side of our business in a spectrum of emphasis and focus and rather then being pushed to the extremes, what we've said is that we focused on streaming. We've proved it out. We've had 2 to 3 quarters of tremendous growth. And now, it's the right time to go back and look at how easy is it to find the DVD service, how easy is it for those subscribers to find what interests them and that's what I think, this is a step in that progression.
Ellie Mertz: Does the separation of streaming and DVD plans set the stage for the acquisition of streaming content on a per subscriber basis?
Reed Hastings: No, there's no connection between those issues.
Ellie Mertz: Can you please give us a little bit more color on your Q3 guidance? I was hoping to hear your thoughts on your subscribers. Are you expecting significant cancellations with the new price plan? Are we close to the peak number of subscribers Netflix reasonably hopes to attain in the U.S.?
David Wells: Well I think we've answered most of that question in a sense that we've provided a pretty clear guidance in addition to providing some streaming versus DVD subscriber guidance. I don't think there's any implication that we're nearing the peak in that and I think that we're expecting Q3 to be a quarter where we have subscribers choosing where they want to land. And in Q4, we expect to return to growth, as the comments in the letter indicate.
Ellie Mertz: Netflix prides itself on customer service. Did the call volume after the price change surprise you at all? Calls were actually being disconnected instantaneously. And what about the social media reaction? Was the noise level in line or higher than you expected?
Reed Hastings: Well, believe it or not the noise level is actually less than we expected given a 60% price increase for some subscribers. So we knew what we were getting into. We tried to be as straightforward as we could, and that has worked out very well for us. In terms of the customer support line, it was a very short amount of time that it exceeded our capacity there. And now, our service levels have returned to our normal great service levels.
Ellie Mertz: How does separating your DVD and streaming business impact your relationships with the studios? Do you expect the content partnerships to be negotiated separately in the future? What kind of impact does that have?
Reed Hastings: The content acquisition is mostly been separated for a while. That is movie studios mostly have different divisions between DVD and streaming. And then the television studios very much have been different for a while. So we don't see any significant effect coming out of the separation of the plans.
Ellie Mertz: Let's move to questions about content. Could the company please address what proportion of total streaming content is obtained under revenue sharing agreements, along with color as to what types of titles are usually obtained under such arrangements, and how the economics of revenue sharing compares to the company's other content purchasing agreements?
Reed Hastings: For streaming content, we buy like our industry in pay television and network TV buys and cable networks, which is you have to commit upfront and you have to pay a fixed amount per time period, typically per year, for access to that content on your network. So that's the industry in which we compete and we buy in that way. So there's not revenue sharing in the DVD style model. And then of course, on DVD, we had some revenue sharing, and that's as it was always has been.
Ellie Mertz: Sony Picture's films are still down from the Netflix service. Could you go directly to Sony and Disney for streaming content, or is the Sony/Starz agreement exclusive until 2016, 2017?
Reed Hastings: The Starz agreement and that industry, for example, HBO, also are exclusive. So it's working through Starz, that is our preferred option.
Ellie Mertz: In the shareholder letter, you noted that streaming content deals are "being recognized as assets on our balance sheet". As the content become available to streaming customers, how, if at all, does this affect the former $1.6 billion of commitments related to streaming content license agreements that do not meet the content library recognition criteria? Is this how those commitments move on to the balance sheet? And in that case, how are the assets matched on the liability side of the equation?
David Wells: So it's a pretty long question. But in general, that is how the staging area for content contracts as they move into what we call in window or available for streaming. When they do that, depending on the payment terms on the matching side, they'll be cashed out for a quarter of payment. The quarter of expense associated with that. And then to the extent that there is short-term liabilities, it will move into accounts payable. That's one of the reasons that we discussed that in the letter. And if they're longer than a year, it will increase accrued, the other accrued liabilities. At this point, I'll take those questions and sort of refer you to our IR website. There's a pretty detailed treatment of our content accounting. And it should walk you through exactly what happens under each scenario.
Ellie Mertz: Could the company please address: one, what is the total content obligation as reflected in the content -- excuse me, in the contractual obligations footnote at the 10-Q outsetting as of 6/30/2011? And what amount of content obligations are due within the next 12 months?
David Wells: Sure. This will follow in the next few days as we file the Q. But right now, there's $2.44 billion in that contractual obligations versus $1.84 billion in the last quarter as of 3/30. And roughly 0.25 or about $625 million of those are related to short term.
Ellie Mertz: Do you find that demand for streaming titles fades after their streaming debut, or does the demand remain constant over the life of a content's availability?
Reed Hastings: It's very title specific, so we're very excited about launching Mad Men in a few days and being the exclusive subscription provider of that content. And what we expect to see is a burst of activity, and then it'll slow a little bit. And then there'll be another burst as season 5 goes live on television. And consumers want to go back to seasons 1 through 4 to get into the story. So it gets built by that outside promotion. So there's a lot of patterns in that way. But in general, we've been very pleased with kind of continuous viewing that we've seen on when we licensed content that it doesn't die right away and in fact has a great life.
Ellie Mertz: Bloomberg and other outlets have said Netflix is in discussion with DreamWorks animation for a streaming deal. Can you comment on those reports? Or generally, on the potential to take away studio output deals from HBO and other premium services, should we see a potential deal with DreamWorks as a potential hedge on the risk of not renewing with Starz, and thus losing access to Disney's family movies?
Reed Hastings: We're always in talks with all of the different providers in terms of licensing more content. But we're not going to comment on them in advance. If we conclude a deal, we would typically announce it, and go-forward on that basis.
Ellie Mertz: We're going to move now to questions on our International expansion. A lot of us on the sell side thought that the Latin American and rollout would maybe be just 1 or 2 countries at first, followed by an additional 1 to 2 countries 6 months later after you've climbed the learning curve, instead it's 43 countries simultaneously. What's your reaction to the notion that you guys are biting off more than you can chew? Why not focus on the larger countries first? Why spread marketing dollars so widely?
Reed Hastings: I think that's driven by, internally, some balance between moving too fast and too slow. So you could make the argument that we should just focus on Brazil say, and learn some lessons there before expanding to the rest of Latin America. Or you can make the argument that we should go even faster and we should do Asia and Europe and South America all at the same time. And we ended up in the middle of doing Latin America -- all the countries at the same time. Our primary focus is on the larger countries in terms of where we spend on the marketing. But most of the content deals are Latin America wide, so it's inefficient to arbitrarily not allow the service to be in certain countries when we've essentially paid for the content for those countries anyway. So that's, where we get to. But we're definitely focused most of our time and effort on the major countries.
Ellie Mertz: Can you offer us a little color on your progress with signing local content? What will be the local versus American content mix available to consumers in these new countries? Have you been able to secure such local language programming at reasonable rates?
Reed Hastings: As we get closer to launch, we'll have more content to announce. Obviously, in Latin America, there's lots of watching sports, which we're not going to be carrying. There's lots of watching of Hollywood films, which we'll have. And there's lots of viewing of telenovelas, and we'll have a very nice compliment for telenovelas for launch.
Ellie Mertz: What level of streaming content is necessary to launch markets in Latin America? Do you believe it to be more or less than Canada either from a dollar or title perspective?
Reed Hastings: Well, we're going to launch with much more content than we did proportionally in Canada. And that's because we're more confident of the outcome, which is part of what we've learned in Canada. We started Canada pretty cautiously and then quickly built up the content and we have more confidence. And so we're starting even stronger in relative terms in Latin America than we did in Canada.
Ellie Mertz: Your guidance for International subscribers seem to suggest that you expect fuller subscriber growth in Latin America compared to what happened in Canada. Do you expect adoption rates in Latin America similar to what you experienced in Canada?
Reed Hastings: No, that would be too aggressive. Canada is consistently rich as opposed to pockets of wealth, and Canada is broader in broadband -- has more broadband penetration per capita and it also has more video game consoles per capita. So on a per capita basis, it will be slower than Canada. On a per broadband household, it will still be slower because of payment methods and because of video game consoles. But still, we're very optimistic about what we can create and what will happen in Latin America.
David Wells: The only thing that I'd add to that is Reed mentioned that the major reasons, there's a small brand halo effect in Canada that we don't have down in Latin America as you would imagine. So we're building a brand that is largely unknown down in Latin America so there's a little bit of effect there in terms of the speed.
Ellie Mertz: So moving to questions specifically about Canada. What feedback have you gotten from Canadian subscribers about the data plans? Has the subscriber growth number been materially affected by the data plan?
Reed Hastings: We don't think that the subscriber growth number is materially affected by the data plans post our shift a few months ago to default people to the lower data plan, which is a very efficient use of data. So the primary things that we're learning in Canada is that it operates from a seasonality basis. A little bit like Alaska, which is that summertime is great. People are outdoors and watching less content. And wintertime is cold and dark and people watch a lot of content. So in the U.S., we see more seasonality in Maine and in Alaska than we do, for example, in the rest of the country and Canada is operating consistent with that increased seasonality.
Ellie Mertz: So based on that, how would you expect that in Canada to trend year-over-year in say, Q3 and Q4?
David Wells: Well, in Q3, we had a large pent-up launch. And so it will be difficult for us to match that comp. And I wouldn't add anything other than to the guidance that we've already provided in terms of International subs.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to questions about competition. How is Amazon's deal for CBS content change the landscape for acquiring content? How specifically will Netflix exchange it's strategy, if at all?
Reed Hastings: It hasn't changed. That deal hasn't changed our perspective. Our brand is strong and focused. And that's what we're continuing to invest in and improve and we haven't been able to detect any effect from the Amazon prime bundling.
Ellie Mertz: What most concerns you about competitive streaming services? Have you seen much traction for Amazon service or HBO GO as creating a compelling alternative experience in Netflix subscribers?
Reed Hastings: We haven't seen anything that's an alternative service. HBO GO is a very impressive application. It doesn't have any of the content that we have, and we don't have any of the content that it has. So again, it comes back to my metaphor of baseball and football competing for some of the same dollars and time, but really different offerings.
Ellie Mertz: All right. Let's move to questions about subscriber metrics. As it relates to the current churn rate, could you please provide some numbers on what percent or number of your current customers are repeat customers, meaning they have had the service in the past, canceled and then sign back up?
David Wells: What we've said in the past is it's about 1/3 in terms of the rejoin rate. Obviously, the price changes have had a small effect on that and we're sort of waiting for the trend to revert to a new level. But I would say that the effect on the rejoin rate was not more than 20% in terms of that trend.
Ellie Mertz: As we prepare for Netflix to provide less information about subscriber growth and churn, it will be helpful to understand the retention levels for customers based on their tenure with Netflix. Do you see different rates of retention or churn for customers depending on how long they have subscribed to the service? Are longer tenured subscribers retained on a higher or lower rate than the subscribers with the use of service for a year or less?
Reed Hastings: Well, all subscriber services have the aspect that the longer a subscriber has been with that service as a class, they are preselected to either be really comfortable with the value proposition and churn declines with age continuously. So that's -- I'm sure that's the same on all subscription services, and it's certainly true for Netflix. But mostly what we focused on is net adds. It's very easy to get distracted by SAC and churn in our experience. And we focus on how is our net ad growth compared to the following -- prior year period and compared to other aspects of the service.
Ellie Mertz: So one more follow-up question on churn. Is there a material difference in churn between streaming only customers and a streaming plus DVD hybrid customer?
Reed Hastings: Yes, as we've said before, the streaming only is higher churn. It's a less of a commitment than those who have taken DVDs, and the DVDs are at home in that way. So it's also easier to sign up because you can use the service 10 minutes later as opposed to wait for the DVD. So you get easier to sign up, more cancels. But again, if you look at the net adds, they're very positive. We just want a lot of people to try Netflix. If they don't currently have the budget to keep it, that's okay. They will over time. So we're really fine with lots of people trying Netflix and being exposed to that.
Ellie Mertz: Let's move to questions about the financial results. You had a large sequential spend increase in tech & dev and G&A, while historically you have had very moderate move from Q1 to Q2 in these expense lines. What specific new investments are you making? And will these expenses continue to grow in a similar pace going forward?
David Wells: So taken separately, tech & dev is generally headcount growth associated with both our domestic and our International investments. There's some partner spending in there as well but it's mostly dominated by headcount. And as a percent of revenue, it didn't actually grow. So it grew sequentially but in terms of percent of revenue, it's still about 7% of revenue. I would expect that line to continue to track as we invest further in terms of percent of revenues. In terms of G&A that should scale more slowly, but we did have a $5 million commercial settlement charge in the quarter that it was a onetime charge that you normally wouldn't see in the quarter.
Ellie Mertz: Given your relatively modest cash position relative to the size of checks you're running for content, and the success you're having with that content investment, what is the rationale of buying back stock? Given the multiple you get for subs, won't you generate more value by investing and adding subs versus buybacks?
David Wells: We think about that slightly differently in the sense that our marketing expense is not constrained by how much cash we have in the bank. Our marketing expense is constrained by 2 things. One, how much marginal cost or marginal subscriber acquisition cost we'll have to layout to acquire that subscriber? Can we do that at a profitable level? And then the second constrain on our marketing expense is basically our earnings targets that we set forth. So we have 3 legs basically of investment, one is our streaming content investment, one is our marketing, and one is our earnings target, basically putting money towards -- back to investors. And setting the 14% operating margin, domestic operating margin target, allows us to set basically a content spend and a marketing spend. And so how we think about cash relative to the buyback is independent of how much we spend on marketing. And I'd say how we approach the buyback is, what could we do with that cash as an alternative use? Should we hold it as an insurance policy or should we return it to shareholders and a buyback is the most efficient way to do that.
Ellie Mertz: In Q4 2011, you say that growth in net subs will resume. Is it fair to assume that the improved year-over-year trend is driven by a return in cancellation rates to normal levels? In other words, you see the price changes as stimulating, only a one quarter hiccup in cancellation rates.
Reed Hastings: Yes, basically. What's happening is in Q3, there's an increase in cancellation because of the price increase announcement and then taking effect. And in Q4, we expect the more typical year-over-year trends of net adds growth to return.
Ellie Mertz: You had guided that Q2 2011 gross margins would step down versus the first quarter and it didn't happen. You are essentially saying the same thing for the second half of 2011 versus the first half. Why should we believe you? Have you already signed online content deals that would cause a gross margin step down in the second half of the year? Or would you need to sign new deals to hit your guidance for a step down?
Reed Hastings: We have to sign new deals to get there. So we believe that we will find that content on the right terms. And so that's why we're saying that. But it's definitely possible that it will be like in the past, where we underspend slightly on the content side. But we definitely want the flexibility to be able to spend to that, and thus our statements.
Ellie Mertz: As we think about 2012, how should we think about domestic operating margin target. In 2010, it was around 12% plus. In 2011, it is 14%. So you've exceeded it in 2 quarters in a row. Should we consider the 14% operating income target a long-term target or a near-term target?
David Wells: I think you should consider that a target that we're comfortable with for 2011. And as the year progresses and as we know more about how our DVD division does and our streaming offerings do, we'll probably look to raise that target going forward slightly. But it's all relative to our International investments and our domestic investments, both DVD and streaming.
Reed Hastings: And I would say that's been a multiyear pattern. We were at 10%, 3 or 4 years ago. So you see our value system in terms of allocating profits in growth, and as we continue to grow also increasing the operating margins.
Ellie Mertz: At maturity is there any reason to think that the margins in the U.S., and International streaming businesses will be materially different?
Reed Hastings: I think the operating margins are really most closely linked to the competitiveness in the market. So if in a given country, we've got 5 big direct competitors, I would expect the operating margins in that territory to be less than in another market, where we have fewer number of significant competitors. So it really depends on ultimately on the number of competitors. That's what drives the operating margins.
Ellie Mertz: A question on the balance sheet. What happened to current payables and other non-current liabilities? They exploded during the quarter.
David Wells: I think I addressed that earlier but basically, as we have these large multiyear content streaming agreements come into window or available for streaming, they're recognized as an asset. They come on into the content library. And depending on the payment terms, there's associated accounts payable increases or other accrued, which indicate it's just longer than a year in terms of the payable.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to a handful of miscellaneous questions. There have been several service disruptions to the instant watch service during the past quarter. Could you please characterize the nature of these disruptions and indicate what can be done or has been done to reduce or eliminate them going forward?
Reed Hastings: We're working very hard in expanding our systems to be able to handle the growth in capacity. And we think we'll be making great improvements in those, and so we're very focused on improving that.
Ellie Mertz: Can you explain the domestic Facebook issue? Consumers are already showing a lot of broadcast and cable network viewing data on Facebook and Twitter. Why should Netflix be viewed differently as long as it opts in?
Reed Hastings: Yes, unfortunately, Judge Bork, when he went for Supreme Court nomination, some enterprising reporter got his video rental records in a local video store. And in the next few days, Congress passed an act perhaps propelled by every Congressman's fear of their own video rental records being released. And so it passed so quickly, but it was fairly poorly drafted, and it's very ambiguous what happens and who it applies to. Does it only apply to people who rent DVDs, or is it more broad that? Does it apply what -- can a consumer get permission? So it's that ambiguity that leads us to want to seek this clarification. And that's why it's different.
Ellie Mertz: Does Netflix still plan to launch family plans? Or is it something that you're still thinking about?
Reed Hastings: We don't have any specific plans to launch family plans. We do have an interest as we said over the next few years in figuring out individual accounts and making Netflix feel more personal to the individual. We've got a couple of building blocks in that, including the Facebook integration. So that's not going to happen in the very short term. But it's consistent with what we said before, which is something we're working on over the next few years.
Ellie Mertz: All right. Moving to the final topic, DVD. Overall, does DVD become more or less of a priority? Now that the service has been decoupled from streaming, will the DVD business start to decline faster than anticipated? Any color here would be appreciated.
Reed Hastings: It will become less important to those people at Netflix working on streaming and much more important to those people in the dedicated DVD division. And that's the purpose of putting it in a separate group, so that they can focus on that. In terms of the long-term decline rate, it's hard to know. If you look at the music industry starting in 2000 then it was around 10% per year, so that might be a proxy, but it is hard to know. What we do know is that we're going to maximize whatever opportunity is there. And that's why we've got a dedicated group who actually has come up with some pretty neat ideas for how to improve the DVD service, which will be -- and those improvements will rollout in Q4.
Ellie Mertz: What will the key performance metrics be for the standalone DVD business? Will there be an increased focus on near-term profit and cash flow as opposed to subscriber growth?
David Wells: I don't think there will be any increased focus. That part of our business will still be revenue, operating profit, specifically operating profit, and trying to maintain or grow that profit if they can. So I don't -- I wouldn't characterize it as an increased focus. I'd say it's about the same as we've had before.
Ellie Mertz: You mentioned that you will begin marketing the DVD business again in the fall. Is this incremental SAC cost on top of the streaming service cost, or do you feel that the streaming service is established enough to pull back from that underspending there?
Reed Hastings: It's not really either. We're focused on backing the DVD service and then we'll see what happens. We'll see how effective that marketing spend is and learn and adjust from there. What we wanted to do is make it clear that we think DVD has a longer and bigger life than many people otherwise think. And that we're prepared to do some investment to see that thesis through.
Ellie Mertz: Can you tell us what type of improvements we can expect from this division going forward?
Reed Hastings: No, we'll be announcing those in Q4.
Ellie Mertz: Final question. Will you now be breaking out streaming and DVD segments separately in your financials to give us a better understanding of the transformation? Or does this replace the domestic and International segments?
David Wells: I think we addressed that in the letter, but just as a repeat, what you'll see from us is in the Q4, by Q4, we will have enough information so that we're looking at our business in the different segments. So in the January filings, you'll see a segment oriented around DVD and a segment around streaming. And we've also provided additional information in or guidance this quarter for Q3, and you'll see that again in October for Q4.
Ellie Mertz: Okay. That's the last question for today. We'd like to thank everyone for your time, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-25 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Deborah Crawford - Vice President of Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee Ellie Mertz - 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix First Quarter 2011 Earnings Q&A Session. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Ellie Mertz, Vice President of Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix 2011 Earnings Q&A Session. We now start our financial results for the first quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q1 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  As is our standard practice, this call will consist solely of Q&A, and we're going to conduct the Q&A via e-mail. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com.  We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 18, 2011. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time today.  Now let's move directly to questions. We've organized the questions by topic design, and we'll start with content questions. Here we go.
Ellie Mertz: As you acquire digital content rights, what level of competition are you seeing during the negotiation?
Reed Hastings: There's a substantial level of competition, as you would expect, not only amongst the online players but against cable networks and sometimes in partnership with cable networks in the window sharing. So content owners want to get the best price for their content as you would expect, and they're pretty sophisticated about making sure that they've got all the possible offers on the table.
Ellie Mertz: Related question, how much risk is there that Amazon will outbid for Netflix for digital rights to Starz content?
Reed Hastings: I'm not sure that Amazon specifically is a different risk. I would say, in general, Starz, like any other content provider wants to get the most money for their content. The Starz deal is non-exclusive today so it could be across a range of providers, it could be a single. But I don't think I'd particularly single out Amazon as a risk factor relative to, say, Hulu Plus or Dish or anybody else.
Ellie Mertz: In the past, Reed has commented about shutting down Red Envelope and Netflixs lack of interest in producing content or licensing previously unreleased content, but they've bet on creativity and was outside of Netflix's circle of confidence. How can you reconcile these previous remarks with the recent move to invest in the House of Cards series?
Reed Hastings: Well, there is a slight shift there, which is we're willing to try a little bit more riskier work than we've done with a little bit of our budget, and then we're going to see how it goes. So sort of how we approach international, when we tried Canada first before getting too committed. And our theory is that with serialized content, we may be able to build an audience very effectively because if you -- with on-demand, you can get back to the first episode as momentum around the series builds. I don't know if it's anything we'd bet the farm on, but we're certainly willing to try it with a small percent of the budget in House of Cards and then 2 or 3 other smaller ones that we would look for. And if we're successful with it, then we would expand our circle of confidence a little bit more, a little bit more. So we'll take it step-by-step and year-by-year.
David Wells: To add to that, this is David. In the House of Cards deal, it was a prepackaged deal that came to us. We weren't looking for -- out there looking for creative talent or directors or a script. It's a small nuance, but it was an important one for us and the fact that we weren't having to manage the larger part of the creative process.
Ellie Mertz: An additional question on House of Cards. Are you seeking to buy domestic or global rights to House of Cards? Is your intent to keep House of Cards exclusive to Netflix? Or actually presenting the series on Netflix, will you look to sell subsequent lengths to other cable or broadcast networks or online services?
Reed Hastings: Well, House of Cards doesn't start until the fall of next year so it'll be a couple years out before we are faced with those decisions, and we've licensed it for multiple territories.
Ellie Mertz: Okay. Press speculation puts your spend on Mad Men at nearly $1 million per episode, which seems to be lower than recent syndication deals for procedurals, but higher than deals for some other low profile, serialized series. Why did you just decide to pay for exclusivity? And should we think of your Mad Men deal as typical of some other TV deals you may be doing going forward or was it the unique case?
Reed Hastings: We don't comment on the specific deal terms of any of our deals.
Ellie Mertz: Can you share any data that supports your view that putting a previous season on Netflix grows audience for a current season of the show? Wouldn't Netflix also diminish sales of prior season DVDs?
Reed Hastings: Well, what we've seen as an example with Spartacus is we've seen something even more aggressive, which is we have current season with Spartacus, that's a Starz original, which has been very successful. And now, it's one of the highest rated shows on cable despite the fact or maybe because of the fact that it's also on Netflix. And so I think, in general, it's opened our eyes to the fact that more and more awareness of a given show sometimes creates more viewing on both cable and our MVPD [multichannel video programming distributor] and on Netflix.
Ellie Mertz: Given the size of your subscriber base, is it getting easier to negotiate content deals or is there still a level of animosity with some content owners that must be worked through?
Reed Hastings: I don't think there's any animosity. It's only a question of is our check big enough. And so as we get a larger subscriber base, that becomes easier to write bigger checks. And it's very respectful, I would say, across the board.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to the topic of international. In terms of international expansion and content acquisition in non-U.S. markets, what type of expenditures do you anticipate making for locally relevant content, and how might deals with foreign outlets differ from domestic deals?
Reed Hastings: Well, were not sure of how much local content will be important for Netflix. With Canada, we've got a fair amount of Canadian content and it's quite successful for us. And our new territories will also license some local content, and then we'll feel our way along as we see what's our subscribers are viewing and what they enjoy.
David Wells: I'd say there's an opportunity here outside the U.S. in some markets. And with respect to some local content, there might not be a secondary market or a third or fourth sort of channel for the content owner. So to the extent that we might be the only syndicated buyer in the market, it's going to work well for us in terms of the economics.
Ellie Mertz: Will new geographies take priority over the U.S. as you build out content? Or should we continue to expect the U.S. to see the bulk of the spending?
Reed Hastings: I think you should think about them as separate. We'll run the U.S. around 14% operating margin and spend on content in accordance with that. And in international, you'll spend as we see appropriate to launch the service, where weve, obviously, got spending ahead of revenue. And then as rapidly as possible, within 8 quarters in our target model get each territory to be positive operating margin. In Canada, we've been very successful and we intend to be at breakeven on a operating contribution basis within 4 quarters of launch which is in Q3 and really quite extraordinary. That's probably too high a bar for every international territory, but 8 quarters feels good.
Ellie Mertz: On the topic of Canada, can you provide a little color on how the ISP bandwidth cap in Canada have impacted consumer behavior? What percentage of your Canadian customers are using the new "managed video quality tool" in watching lower quality video? Also do you believe ISPs in the U.S. or other countries are thinking of capping bandwidth in a similar strict fashion?
Reed Hastings: We don't have any indication that in the U.S. low, call it, below 100 gigabytes data caps are going to become a significant offering. In Canada, it's switched to default so every virtually everybody is on our low data usage, slightly lower video quality plan. And it is helping both directly in terms of the usage and indirectly in terms of the general fear of usage charges, so it's a mitigator. I'm not sure I would call it a solution. It helps. I think, the right solution, over time, is that Canadians enjoy great untapped Internet like the rest of the developed world.
Ellie Mertz: Related question, how do usage patterns in Canada perform relative to your expectation given the various cap rates? What drove the more modest subscriber growth performance relative to your expectations?
Reed Hastings: I think on what drove the overshoot on the forecast is just we don't have any seasonal data. So the growth was very consistent throughout the quarter, and we're really happy with it. And it's a pretty small percentage, but we just don't have multiple years of year-on-year data. In terms of the caps, they play a role, but they played a role from inception. The caps are not something that were new this quarter. The caps have been in effect for a year or more in Canada.
David Wells: Just to add to that, we achieved 8% of broadband household penetration in Canada in 7 months. It took us 6 years in the U.S. to get there. Just so that you don't feel like we're sort of trying to makes ourselves feel better on the forecasting is we're happy about the business. We think weve got a great business going in Canada and we're excited about going forward.
Ellie Mertz: Another related question. The shareholder letter mentioned the seasonality curve in Canada. Can you elaborate on this comment? Is your initial sense that the markets similar to other colder regions, where subscriber growth is more tepid in the warm months?
Reed Hastings: We'll know in 1.5 year from now after we've gone through the initial seasonality is massed by the launch. And so you really can't get a clean read until at least a year from now about the beginnings of the seasonality effect.
Ellie Mertz: Is it reasonable to assume that Netflix could enter as many as two international markets or more per year starting in 2012?
Reed Hastings: If we continue to see the kind of success that we've seen in Canada, if we think it would be very smart for us to move at least that fast, yes.
Ellie Mertz: You noted a high probability of success in our second international market, driving early content commitments for a third market What are the data points that you focus us on to define success prior to launching in a market?
Reed Hastings: The reason that we feel a high degree of confidence is how well Canada has done, how well our licensing has gone for content in our second international market, and our qualitative focus group work on the reactions in that market for our service. So those are all very healthy indicators that we'll enjoy success.
David Wells: And those qualitative factors have a lot to do with how much that content is going to cost us relative to where we think we could price it and the consumers' willingness to pay based on their other entertainment alternatives. And we've grown more, I think, confident over the last year given where we think those economics are going to work out.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to the topic of subscribers and subscriber metrics. Do you think we get tiered pricing for multiuser households from Netflix by year end? In that case, how big an addressable market is it?
Reed Hastings: Well, what weve said before was that the individual subscriber market is that 2 to 3 or few year, I think is how we characterized it in the last Investor Letter. And we haven't changed our point of view. This is a gradual evolution. It's not going to be an immediate 90- or 180-day thing for Netflix. And I think pricing is certainly part of that evolution, changes to the interface are part of that evolution, changes to how we -- if and when we enforce concurrent stream limits, either per device or by account. So there's lots of things for us to figure out and tease out. We wouldn't want to alienate the subscriber or the consumer as we go through those. And I think that we'll evolve to those over the next couple of years.
Ellie Mertz: Can you share any details on Facebook integration that you are working on? What will be the primary objective of the same? Enhance your recommendation engine or drive engagement or acquire subscribers?
Reed Hastings: It's better for us to share those details when we launch that. So I'll defer that.
Ellie Mertz: Are you starting to see DVD subscribers trade down from multi-op subscription?
Reed Hastings: I don't think so. In fact, what we've said before is that basically downward migration and upward migration are canceling each other, and that's what we continue to see. With respect to the price change, we saw behavior that was more linked to the immediate announcement than to the credit card change. Meaning when a subscriber actually got the change to the price on their bill, there wasn't as much activity as when they were notified of the change.
Ellie Mertz: So related to the price increase. Was the price increase a contributor to the increase in churn or was it more of a normal seasonal pattern?
Reed Hastings: Normal seasonal pattern. It's also a factor of the tremendous growth we saw in Q1. If you followed our company for a long time, you'll note that when we grow quickly, our churn goes up because the retention rates of early subscriber are lower than those subscribers that have been around for 12 or more months. And we continue to see that.
Ellie Mertz: Another question on churn. Can you comment some on the churn rates for streaming-only customers in the U.S.? And is it above or below the average? Do you expect a decline over time as customers are maybe testing out this service today?
Reed Hastings: What we said is streaming only has a higher churn rate. It's easier to get in of and out of so it's the same as we said last quarter.
David Wells: Yes and we've said before that the streaming-only plan actually crossed over the DVD only. So that is retention for streaming-only subscribers is actually a higher rate than DVD-only subscribers. It's going to be slightly lower than hybrid, but it's better.
Ellie Mertz: And the final question on churn. It still seems like the overall churn rate for the company is still high relative to other MVPD companies, and causes you to respend SAC [subscriber acquisition cost] dollars on customers that have already been Netflix subscribers in the past? If your customer satisfaction is very high on your streaming products, shouldn't your churn materially decline over the next 18 months in the United States?
Reed Hastings: Well, given how stable churn has been the last 2 years, I'd be hard put to think why it should suddenly decline in the next 18 months. And the question refers to us like other MVPD, and MVPD is a much different service. It's premises-based. It's more expensive, and it's more considered an essential service so it's really just quite different in all those dimensions. We have a low subscriber acquisition cost, and we have higher churn. And people do test out the service, come back, go out, go in. And that's fine because our overall growth, our net adds are continuing to increase.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to the topic of SAC. Why did the domestic SAC rise so much quarter-over-quarter? Which should be the right base level going forward, Q4's 10 87? Or Q1's 14 38?
David Wells: There's no such thing as a right base for going forward, but what weve said in the last quarter's Investor Letter and we reiterate it in this Investor Letter is that we identified the fact that we would have additional money. We would love to spend it on streaming content. Because of the complexity of those contracts, there's more lead time acquired and therefore, we put the money into marketing. So the higher SACs sequentially from Q4 to Q1 is a somewhat of an artifact of additional marketing dollars we spent up to the efficient point in Q1. And we'll continue to make that trade-off going forward. Now what we've said in the Investor Letter, just to remind folks, is that we're going to weigh streaming cost. We plan to do that. We're going to continue to do that, and so you should see marketing as a percentage of revenue somewhat mollified relative to Q1.
Ellie Mertz: As subscribers have grown to streaming, how's the demographics of the Netflix subscriber changed? Is the demographic in Canada comparable to the U.S.?
Reed Hastings: Yes, there is no material difference, in fact.
Ellie Mertz: Can you get U.S. in SF [San Francisco] Bay Area household penetration?
David Wells: We've done question this before and what Ill respond by saying that the penetration in the U.S. is 21%. You can calculate that for yourself by looking at the 22.8 million U.S. subscribers and taking it over roughly 110 million households. The reason that people ask us this is we've given out Bay Area before because when we launched the DVD service back in 1999, we started in the Bay Area. And we had thought at that time that the Bay Area would be a good proxy for the rest of the country. We've come and evolved that notion to believe that that's not necessarily the case especially with a streaming product that we've launched nationally. So in terms of penetration, it's 21% U.S.
Ellie Mertz: Your Letter to Shareholders mentioned that you expect DVD shipments to decline slightly year-over-year. In the past, Netflix has announced various milestones in DVD shipments such as 1 billion that were in 2007 and 2 billion April 2009 just shipped. When did Netflix ship the 3 billion discs? Are there other notable DVD milestones?
Reed Hastings: Our focus is really on streaming at this point. So I don't anticipate that we would have or will make those kind of announcements.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to the topic of competition. Can you speak to the competitive landscape sans peers [ph] and how serious it is today versus, say, a year ago, especially with Amazon's free video streaming offering and with Dish streaming HBO content and Starz channels for free?
Reed Hastings: Well, a big market attracts a lot of competition. I think, it's pretty clear to everyone that online video is a big opportunity. There'll be a number of substantial competitors. If Dish launches something into the Blockbuster brand, that'll be the newest entrant. Clearly, Hulu Plus and Amazon may or may not have been having a success but they haven't held us back at all, at what you'd expect to the growing market because in Q1, domestically, our net adds were up over 90%. So we feel great about that.
Ellie Mertz: You mentioned Dish as a competitor. Could you elaborate? Blockbuster is currently a VOD product, white labeling Sonic technology. Do you expect that to change?
Reed Hastings: We really don't know what Dish is up to, but presumably they paid a couple hundred million for Blockbuster not for its technology but for its brand. It's a well-known brand. And they would do that, it would be consistent to do that if they had plans to launch a service with a fair amount of content and a fair amount of marketing such that it would make sense to pay $300 million to be able to use the Blockbuster brand.
Ellie Mertz: One more question on competition. How do you look at HBO and HBO GO as a competitive product as it prepares to expand across the many platforms Netflix currently occupies?
Reed Hastings: Well, HBO GO is an implementation of TV Everywhere. A consumer can't subscribe to HBO GO directly. And so it really doesn't compete today. I would say our overall effort that TV Everywhere is making is how to improve MVPD. And one aspect of that is HBO Online. But for example, in the Comcast implementation, you don't use HBO GO as the user interface. You use the Xfinity user interface. And so, I think, you'll see different implementations and the only -- the competitive threat to take out of that for us is TV Everywhere.
Ellie Mertz: Moving on to questions about the financials. In response to a question posed last quarter regarding the significant increase in AP, the company indicated that "largely payments, are at a short timing at the end of the quarter that could reverse itself in Q1." Can the company indicate why did this not reverse in Q1 and instead AP increased further?
David Wells: So I was just responding to you the sequential increase in AP last quarter. I answered it somewhat narrowly in saying that the two contrasts that drove that AP increase were going to reverse themselves out in Q2, and they did. On top of that, in addition to that, we signed a bunch of new content deals that we discussed in the Investor Letter. And to the extent that those deals were within a year with identified titles, it drove the AP up. So let me answer this in a general sense. Cash payments for content increased $130 million year-over-year versus $110 million year-over-year increase in the expense associated with that content. So to the extent that we'd talked about close matching of our payment terms with our expense, we are continuing to execute on that. We ran a little bit ahead in Q1. In terms of the sequential increase, the cash out the door for content was roughly in line with the expense increase. So I think you should see the accounts payable and the associated long-term accrued payable line increase with our continued investment in streaming content. I don't think you'll see it increase at quite the same rate, say, going forward as you saw in the last couple of quarters, but it will go up.
Ellie Mertz: Can you explain the large sequential and year-over-year drop in acquisitions for the DVD content library?
David Wells: I'm sorry, repeat that one more time.
Reed Hastings: I can handle it. There's a mix there when you do a rev share title. Most of the expense, essentially all of it, does not go through that line. So that can be a shift towards rev share from purchasing DVDs.
Ellie Mertz: On the streaming side, are storage and incoming costs typically fixed or variable? And are they significant relative to content delivery cost?
Reed Hastings: They are not significant.
David Wells: No, not significant.
Deborah Crawford: What drove the G&A increase in the quarter, and what are your expectations going forward?
David Wells: So mostly headcount. There were some increase related to stock comp expense due to employees taking more equity compensation versus cash competition, but mostly a headcount increase.
Ellie Mertz: Why is fulfillment cost still growing? Do you expect it to slow as DVD shipments decline?
David Wells: Fulfillment cost as a percent of revenue is actually declining. Fulfillment, the absolute fulfillment cost is growing because we shipped more in the quarter. We have more subscribers that have more credit card expense associated with them with their revenue. But as a percent of revenue, it's actually been declining over last 6 quarters or so.
Ellie Mertz: Next question. If you are a growth company, why are you dividending cash out to shareholders rather than reinvesting it back into the business?
Reed Hastings: We're generating cash flow when we anticipate continuing to generate cash flow.
David Wells: And I think we're doing both. I think we're trying to draw a fine distinction between being a pure company that invests everything we possibly have into growth and also returning some to shareholders. So I think it's consistent with the strategy that we've had for quite some time of trying to draw both, to do both; be a growth company and also make sure that we're not setting up a false promise to return earnings down the road.
Ellie Mertz: Turning to a handful of miscellaneous questions. When will we start seeing Netflix streaming on Android devices? Will future versions of Androids solve the DRM [digital rights management] issues that prevent making Netflix widely available on the platform?
Reed Hastings: We're working hard on Android. Don't have any news at this call. It's a big priority for us, and stay tuned.
Ellie Mertz: Device partitions have been a significant component of building out the footprint of streaming subs domestically, and it seems like it could be used as a valuable tool in building out the international footprint. To what extent will your U.S. device partnerships be applicable internationally? Or what will it take build out a similar ecosystem of devices?
Reed Hastings: We very much expect to work with our CE partners around the world. And certainly in Canada, we've already done that with specific Canadian implementations across all of our major CE partners. And there's now many, many devices in the Canadian market. And that's a good blueprint for what we'll be doing going forward.
Deborah Crawford: In the press release, you say TV shows and feature films are consumed in equal volumes. Is that true domestically and in Canada?
Reed Hastings: It's approximately true in both, yes.
Ellie Mertz: Moving to a marketing question. [indiscernible] is likely to be a very lucrative upfront process for both broadcast and cable networks come this May and June? Do you see it paying what is rumored to possibly be as high as low teens price hikes for the network add inventory for marketing purposes? Or do you just bypass network television spending and gear your marketing spend more towards lower CPN alternative such as outdoor or radio?
Reed Hastings: We always try to market most efficiently we can. And sometimes if one channel, say, outdoor or online or print or network to increasing costs, it would get less of our total dollars. So it's a big broad mix of which the 2 primary components for us are online and television, not necessarily network but cable offering.
Ellie Mertz: Great. Okay, so that's the last question for today. Wed like to thank everyone for your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Reed Hastings: Thanks, everyone.
David Wells: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 18:00:00) =====
Executives: David Wells - Chief Financial Officer Erin Kasenchak -  Deborah Crawford - Vice President of Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Stock Option Committee
Operator: Good day, everyone, and Welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Q&A Session. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I will turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Erin Kasenchak: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Q&A Session. We announced our financial results for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific time today. The shareholder letter and the Q4 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  As is our standard practice, this call will consist solely of Q&A and we are going to conduct the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to IR@netflix.com.  We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 22, 2010. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific time today. Before we begin the Q&A, I'd like to turn the call over to Reed.
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Deborah. I'd just like to acknowledge that Barry McCarthy has been our CFO and my partner for the last 11 years, and there's no way we would've gotten to 20 million subscribers as fast as we did without his incredible work. And I'm thrilled to be able to introduce to you, David Wells, who's our new CFO.
David Wells: Great. Thanks, Reed. This is David. I'm glad to be joining on the earnings call this afternoon. I've got quite a legacy to follow. I've been part of the Netflix team for seven years and in the background of this call for many of those years. So I look forward to speaking to many of you in the coming weeks. But I know that you're here for Q&A, so let's get to questions.
Deborah Crawford: The first question is from Youssef Squali of Jefferies & Company. How should we think about overall content spend in 2011 versus 2010 mix of international and domestic digital rights?
David Wells: Youssef, I can actually take that. This is David. I think you should mostly think of it as domestic. If you think about the guidance that we gave for Q1 and you scale that for Q2, and you think about the $50 million operating loss we talked about in Q3 and 4, it's not hard to get to a position where most of that spend is domestic.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Arthuros Mangriotis at Fox Point Capital Management. Please elaborate on your decision to reduce focus on churn. Even though net additions are ultimately the important statistic, I would've thought that managing churn would be a great way to make sure you are satisfying your customers.
Reed Hastings: Arthuros, it's Reed here. I guess, I'd say, you don't really manage churn. You manage satisfaction. And then from higher satisfaction comes more word-of-mouth, driving SAC down and new starts up and churn down. And what I've come to realize over the years is that net adds is really the best indicator of that. And this evolution in our part reflects an internal evolution over the past couple of years, where I find myself not particularly paying attention to churn, in fact, and much more to net adds, which again is the best indicator of the satisfaction. And so that's the underlying reason for the evolution.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Heath Terry at Canaccord Genuity. How do marketing deals like the Netflix button on remote controls compare to your existing subscriber acquisition cost level?
Reed Hastings: Heath, we don't know for sure yet, because I guess we would say, we don't know the effectiveness of the buttons. It feels like a great option. And once they're in the market, which will be in the middle of this year and then more later in the year, we'll be able to study really how much consumers use them. So we're optimistic on it. We think it's a great direction, but we don't have any hard evidence yet and we won't probably for a year.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Heath. Is the improving market for online advertising impacting your online SAC level?
Reed Hastings: Not substantially, Heath. It's been pretty steady for us. The big thing that improved SAC is that we didn't spend that much on marketing in the quarter, because it was earning so much on streaming. And when you spend less on marketing, you can think of it as skimming the market or you can think of it as we get the flow-over from the prior quarters kind of brand build up, it carries us. And when we go into Q1, we'll spend a little more in marketing. In fact it'll be a little higher. So it's generally in the right direction but not as low as it was in Q4.
Deborah Crawford: The next set of questions are from Mark Mahaney at Citi Investment Research. First question, what can you disclose about the overall usage patterns of streaming only or streaming mostly subscribers versus your DVD-rental subscribers? Do they end up consuming materially more video content or about the same?
David Wells: Mark, this is David. In general, we don't parse out the behavior. But you can imagine that people that are coming in streaming only or mostly interested in streaming will consume more than the folks on a hybrid plan. But I will say that across the board on those plans, people do tend to consume more video when they do participate in streaming. So for the folks that avail themselves of the streaming offering, their overall video consumption goes up.
Deborah Crawford: And the next question from Mark, can you provide more color on how you were able to drive down SAC and whether you believe the current level is sustainable?
Reed Hastings: Mark, I think I just had that question before. So let's go to the next one.
Deborah Crawford: Our next question is why would operating margins decline from 15% Q1 domestic items to 14% full year guidance?
David Wells: Mark, this is David. 14% is a target. So some quarters, it might be 13%, some might be 15%. I think we addressed in the earnings letter why we're going to be a little bit heavy in Q1. We've identified a trend in our growth in shipments a little bit two-way to put that to work to streaming. And so we put a lot of it to work in marketing and we'll be a little bit heavy on income in Q1.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Ben Rose at Battle Road Research. Are the cable service providers diving into role of competitors or are other any scenarios under which you might partner with them?
Reed Hastings: The thing with the cable company, we've got a natural partnership with the broadband services group, which is highly profitable and wants to increase their reach and the speed at which their consumers buy packages. So with the broadband side, there's a complete natural partnership. With the video side, we're a channel, we're sort of tolerated. We're not a big threat, but it's hard to see why it makes sense for them to help us grow.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from David Miller at Caris & Company. Reed, against the backdrop of other distribution services sitting up for the content in the streaming window, what is your feeling about either acquiring an equity interest in the studio or at the very least, starting one yourself? With creative financing, you could produce script-driven content on your own at very little cost relative to the size of your P&L?
Reed Hastings: David, generally, I'm a believer in circle of competance and it's really easy for companies as they grow to step out of that. And in particular, when we start taking creative risks, that is reading a script and guessing if it was going to be a big hit and who might be good to cast in it, it's not something that as fundamentally a tech company or a company run by a tech CEO like myself is likely to build distinctive organizational competance in. And so we think that we're better off on letting other people take creative risks, get the rewards for when they do that well. And then what we do is focus on matching the different products that are made with the right consumers the sort of very technological aspect of matching it and streaming it. So I would say, that the scenario that you outlined would be quite a change in direction and quite unlikely.
Deborah Crawford: The next couple of questions are from Ryan Hunter at Wedge Partners. First, the latest report from the HIF Screen Digest says home video content, DVDs, DD and VOD, down about 4% to $18 billion in 2010 from $19.2 billion in 2009. Has this been the trend for the past few years -- this has been the trend for the past few years. At what point does the market opportunity contract and start to impact Netflix?
David Wells: I'd say in general, Ryan, that VOD space, we've gotten this question time and time again, there's a lot of competitors in the VOD space. We've seen it in the fourth quarter, as actually being a benefit through our 28-day deals. We've been a year with the 28-day deals. We've seen record, low churn, record low SAC and record growth for us. I think it's working for us. I'm sure you saw the Redbox announcement in the fourth quarter. They're a little bit new-release centric. So I think it hit them disproportionately. But I think what you're seeing is that an increase in the VOD as a result of the dynamics of the marketplace today.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Ryan. How is a gift recipient accounted for in the subscriber count? What was the impact from the gift subscription promotion during the holidays? And what is the expected churn rate for these subscribers?
David Wells: Ryan, I can take that. This is David. Gift subscribers are accounted in the subscriber count at the point where they actually enter the service, and once they actually redeem their certificate. The impact from gift subs relative to last year was relatively flat with 2009. So there's not a whole lot of impact. The majority of the growth that we saw in this fourth quarter was not related to gift subs. And then expected churn rate for these subs, we don't generally comment on different segments of the business. But as you can imagine, they're retained at slightly lower rates than somebody who comes in and pays directly.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Nat Schindler of BofA Merrill Lynch. Has Amazon's acquisition of LOVEFiLM affected your plans to enter Europe? And what competitive advantages do you have over Amazon LOVEFiLM in the U.K. and Europe?
Reed Hastings: I'm not quite sure what to make of it. Obviously, Amazon was in DVD rental before, sold that interest to LOVEFiLM, and then bought back the whole company. And I think we're just going to have to take a couple quarters and see what they plan to do with it. And in the meantime, it doesn't directly affect our plan. There's vigorous competition in all these markets. So we're full speed ahead on our plans.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Imran Khan at JPMorgan. Could you please give us some color on what percentage of streaming content consumption is television shows versus movies?
Reed Hastings: Sure. What we said before is, it's roughly half-and-half now, and there's some variation quarter to quarter. But that's a rough range.
Deborah Crawford: Next one is from Ingrid Chung at Goldman Sachs. You've spoken about geographic expansion beyond Canada in the second half of this year. If you can't tell us which countries specifically are most interesting to you, could you tell us what some of the characteristics are of an attractive market other than high broadband penetration? Would you want to be in a market with high or low pay-TV penetration, or does that matter?
Reed Hastings: Ingrid, it's a more complicated question as you probably understand than just pay-TV or not. It's really the best use of the dollars for building a business in a country that is likely to be a sustainable source of profit. And so that's a mix of how competitive it is, how good the broadband is, what content rights we can get, what's the economic growth rate, what's piracy. Boy, there's a whole ton of factors underlying that. What I would say is wherever we go next is just one building block, and our hope is to be able to go country by country and to expand quite rapidly in 2012 and 2013, assuming we continue to see the kind of success that we've seen in Canada.
Deborah Crawford: The next couple of questions are from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. Can you give us a sense of how the newer free subs are converting to paying subs from Canada or from most free subs that are part of the extended four-week offer? How does that differ from the historic conversion rate?
Reed Hastings: I would say, Brian, as we grow, we would expect -- and with streaming only, it's a little more casual relationship that is it's easy to get in and easy to get out. And that, that is going to tend to inflate growth adds and inflate churn. Again, the net adds come out of the same place, but you get -- that's how it affects those two metrics.
Deborah Crawford: And then the second question, any initial impact you're seeing to churn based on the recent pricing changes?
Reed Hastings: No, nothing material.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Jason Cheu with ABR Investment Strategy. Generally speaking, what percent of new sub adds in the quarter were driven by Internet connected video-game consoles versus mobile devices such as smart phones and tablets? How important are these devices for your international expansion?
Reed Hastings: Jason, we don't break out how -- which of those are driving our marketing. And I would say, they're all important in international expansion, proportional really to the size of their installed base in a given country.
Deborah Crawford: Couple of questions from Daniel Ernst at Hudson Square Research. In your letter to investors, you discussed the desire to work with studios to have content cash outlays, better matching expensing, which I presume would mean lower upfront cost and better scaling with usage and subscribers. Are there other examples in content licensing that you can model that plan after? On the flip-side, TV syndication deals do require substantial upfront. Therefore, what is the prospect for getting content owners to cede upfront payment?
Reed Hastings: Almost all of our deals, Daniel, right now, match cash with expense and you see that in our cash flow for Q4. So it's really just a question of each -- the two side's relative cost of capital. And most of the studios and content owners, they do with that lower cost of capital than we do. So it's not that hard an issue.
David Wells: If I can add something -- this is David. We have been able to get a number of deals, where the payment terms are matching the expense. So it's not like there's not a precedent out there. As you pointed out in the syndication market, we're evolving with that marketplace.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Jason Helfstein at Oppenheimer & Co. In your comments, you talk about the current $7.99 per month plan. It's for one stream at a time even though today, the company does not limit concurrent stream. Is there any data you can share about what percentage of the households run concurrent streams today? Secondly, if you were to think about family-plan economics, what type of price points seem like a fair value to you?
Reed Hastings: We don't have specifics on the number of concurrent streams, Jason. And think of it as if there's one concurrent instance in the year, that subscriber or that household is unlikely to spend to get a separate account. There has to be a pretty frequent conflict. And so it's not how many concurrent instance is. It might be related to for example, how many people have more than multi-concurrent stream per week or something that will affect how well we can drive the evolution to individual accounts. And when you talk about family economics, we'll test a range of scenarios and try to figure out the consumers' view of what's a fair and appropriate option. But that will be second half of this year at earliest and may flip into 2012 before we get into that.
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Steve Rivers [ph] at Stifel, Nicolaus. Can you provide details on how many subscribers stream via Watch Instantly during the quarter? Can you provide any details regarding Watch Instantly utilization in the Bay Area as well as the rest of the country?
Reed Hastings: We can tell you, Steve, it's continued to increase like it had in the prior quarters. There's been no real change in the trend. And that it's great in the Bay Area, great in the rest of the country, and generally streaming has continued its tremendous growth for us.
Deborah Crawford: Usually, you provide the stock comp expense associated with several categories of the P&L. You did not provide this information this quarter. Are you changing your reporting policies? And if not, can you provide that data?
David Wells: Steve, this is David. No, there's no cause for alarm. That information will be continued to report in the Q and the K in the footnote. It's just a matter of cleaning up the earnings release, trying to get in some real estate.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Doug Anmuth at Barclays. How would you potentially implement the shift from a household service to that of an individual subscriber? Is there any data you can share with us on simultaneous streaming? And is this a good strategic thing to do in the face of potentially more streaming competition? What do you view as the core benefit to individual subscribers?
Reed Hastings: The question really is, Doug, is video naturally because of the portable devices, the laptops, the pads, the phones, an individual relationship like e-mails and individual relationship for mobile phone. And somewhat it is, and somewhat it isn't because of the use of the shared screens also. And so what we have to do is try some things with subscribers to see how comfortable that notion of a personal subscription really is and what are the advantages in terms of increased personalization, better Facebook integration, some sort of a relationship compared to the complexities of it. But we would certainly like to -- we'll be working towards having it evolve to be an individual relationship over time.
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Doug. I understand the business is changing in realtime, but can you explain in more detail why you're not guiding for the full year?
Reed Hastings: One, I think in general, we found our guidance from last year was so far off, that I'm not sure it's very relevant that, that business is moving so quickly. So we did give some guidance for the year that we expect net adds to continue to grow and margin. But how much it grows, I think, from last year, you can clearly see that we're not a distinguished authority. So that's really the reasoning behind it.
Deborah Crawford: And finally from Doug. Canada, do you believe usage-based pricing among broadband providers in Canada is having any impact on Netflix subscriber count for overall usage? Do people fully understand that they might need to pay more for broadband when using Netflix?
Reed Hastings: It's something, Doug, we're definitely worried about. And my sense is that those Canadians with capped and $1 or $2 per gigabyte overcharges, many of them probably don't understand their plan, and it will take a billing cycle or two for them, and that is potentially a significant negative for Netflix. The shame of it is that the marginal cost, as we wrote in the letter to deliver a marginal gigabyte over wired network is extremely small, well less than a $0.01. So hopefully, we can work with the different consumer groups and providers, and get a better costing structure, where if there are pay per gigabyte charges, they're more in the $0.01 range or they're bundled in with a much higher cap like exists in the U.S. and in many other nations.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Edward Williams at BMO Capital Markets, another Canadian question. Regarding Canada, how long will it take to get to comparable penetration rates in Canada as compared to the U.S.?
David Wells: Doug (sic) [Edward] this is David. We don't talk specifics, but it's not hard to see from our guidance for Q1 that Canada is growing much faster than we did in the U.S. So in terms of putting an actual number out there, I don't think we'd be willing to talk to that. But suffice to say, is we're going much faster in Canada than in the U.S.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Zachary Turnage at the Harbert Value Fund. Why did AP increase so much?
David Wells: Zachary, this is David. AP increase, if you look at the balance sheet and the cash flow statement, you'll notice that we had a significant increase in the investment in our streaming content library and so a couple of these were large payments that are at a short timing at the end of the quarter that should reverse themselves in Q1.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Richard Greenfield at BTIG. As you move away from your DVD buy-now business, what do you foresee as your greatest competitive advantage in streaming as we presume at some point, competition will actually materialize and it does not appear that the vast majority of your content is exclusive?
Reed Hastings: Richard, it's Reed. I think our primary competitive advantage is the subscriber base, and that allows us to get more content on a fixed cost basis to do more R&D, to market more. So there's a lot of virtual cycles around the subscriber base size that we referred to in the letter. And that's how I would look at the primary competitive advantages.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Doug Mitchelson at Deutsche Bank Securities. Do you believe that it will get harder to acquire incremental films and TV shows from major Hollywood studios? And where are you in quantity today? And where would you hope to be in a few years?
David Wells: Doug, no it's not gotten harder. It's gotten easier as we pay more. Three or four years ago when we couldn't pay much, it was very hard. And now, because we got significant dollars to spend, we got people coming to us and that makes perfect sense. So we're feeling great about both our ability to make content owners a lot of money and get deals done and continue to fill out and improve our selection.
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Jason Helfstein at Oppenheimer. Do you think Netflix' success is what is hurting Redbox? Are you willing to comment on what hurt consumer demand for their products in Q4? And does this make a Redbox partnership more or less likely?
Reed Hastings: I'm pretty confident that our success is not what's hurting Redbox, because DVDs were barely up for us. And I think the Redbox it was up 30% or something. So I think those are really unrelated issues. And of course, our streaming content is not the newest DVD releases and that's what Redbox focuses on, is the newest DVD releases. But I don't really have more to say than that about Redbox. You also asked, does that make a partnership more or less likely. I don't think it was ever that likely. We are super focused on streaming and unlimited streaming. They're focused on new release DVD and they do a great job at what they do.
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Steven Frankel at Dougherty. What's the timing on introducing the Facebook innovation?
Reed Hastings: We'll be rolling that out in phases over this year, sort of quarter-by-quarter and month-by-month it will get better and better and better.
Deborah Crawford: And second question from Steven Frankel, at 20 million subscribers and growing, you have the scale to compete head-to-head with the traditional pay-TV services for first-run movies. As the studio deals with HBO and others expire, is that likely that Netflix competes for titles on an exclusive basis?
Reed Hastings: It certainly is possible that we would compete on an exclusive basis. We're willing to do that if we have to. But we think it can make more economic sense for us and pay television to share windows conceptually, each paying 2/3 and the studio getting 1 1/3 of what they're getting in the past. So we tend to try to look for deals like that to make the content owners more money, and allow the other aggregators to pay a little less. But we're basically very flexible and just trying to find good ways to expand the content.
Deborah Crawford: From Michael Olson at Piper Jaffray, where will most of the OpEx for international fall? Will it be in marketing for the Netflix brands that is less well known?
David Wells: Mike, this is David. I'd say that you can roughly -- I think, what we said in the past is that each international investment is split largely between marketing and streaming content and that will hold in the future.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Barton Crockett at Lazard regarding international expansion. When you look at countries to expand into, do you see any desirable countries with meaningful incumbent providers of online subscription streaming services that you'd have to compete with? How does competition and the risk of losing Battle factor into your choice of countries to enter.
David Wells: Barton, as you would expect it's one of the factors. Typically in the markets that are the biggest prize, already there's vigorous competition and so it's a trade-off there. So we'll try a variety of things over the years both in markets that already have competitors, also in the markets that don't of the type that you're describing. So I'd say, we tend to try to put our money in play, where we think it's got the best chance of a big sustainable return. And as I mentioned earlier to Ingrid, there's a lot of factors that go into that.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Jim Friedland at Cowen. Are you using AWS in Canada? Will you be able to use AWS in future international launches?
Reed Hastings: Sure. AWS is very global already, and we'll continue to use AWS.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Ken Johnson, an individual investor. What is your perspective on national growth in non-English speaking markets? Would Netflix consider licensing a significant amount of non-english content of streaming to countries like India and/or China, perhaps the Spanish-speaking world?
Reed Hastings: Sure. We don't limit ourselves in terms of our circle of competence to English-language content. In fact, we're a very big licensor of foreign content already for the U.S. market. And we feel very comfortable licensing content for a variety of cultures and tastes. And really, it's our global process knowledge and our technology that's globally relevant. And by technology, I mean both on the streaming side and on the merchandising or matching, which people tend to like which titles.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley. We estimate Netflix' domestic sales will surpass through HBO in 2012. Ted Sarandos recently suggested that Netflix would aggressively bid for Warner Bros content. And Warner's current arrangement with HBO expired in 2014. Given that HBO and Warner Bros. are owned by the same parent, a parent that has made several negative public comments about your business, could you explain the dynamics here and how it is possible that by bidding for the content, you could either get it or force HBO to pay more for it?
Reed Hastings: Well, I'm not sure I agree on the negative-comments aspect. The press makes a living out of blowing some things up, and we're nearly $100 million a year customer for Warner Bros, and both of us would like to expand that, if it makes sense to. In terms of specifically bidding on the Warner Bros. content, that may be advantageous for us and maybe that we end up again doing a share, where Warner Bros. makes more money than they would have otherwise and both HBO and us have content, it could be a range of options in that. And clearly, they will make a strategic decision based upon the different interests of the different divisions, but they're quite comfortable having us bid on it. They're not trying to exclude us in any way.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Tony Wible at Janney Montgomery Scott. Do you believe that the move to variable-based distribution cost i.e. the FCC usage-base billing that has prompted some ISPs to consider tolling web-service companies, and the push to price content on a variable basis will fundamentally change the way Netflix prices or tiers its service.
Reed Hastings: Well, Tony, it's a risk, particularly if pay-per-gigabyte, pay-a-dollar-per-gigabyte type model for ISPs took hold. And so we will be involved in that debate. And again, since the cost of delivering a gigabyte are less than a $0.01 and falling, we don't think it's terribly likely, but we don't want to be asleep at the switch and just let it happen.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Tony. Do you expect Google, Amazon and/or Apple to be a more formidable competitor in 2011?
Reed Hastings: Definitely, there's a lot of firms, including the ones you mentioned that could be more direct competitor with us. The internet is creating a ton of opportunity for a lot of firms and there's all different models between the pay-per-view models for new releases, the ad-supported model. So there's a lot of different companies with different strengths. But as you know, we've been through a lot of competition in the past. We view that as a natural part of the process and we're just focused on building our business as best as we can.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from John Blackledge at Crdit Suisse. What was the decline in disk shipments per subscriber per month in Q4 on a year-over-year basis. I think in Q3, disk shipments were down 24% year-over-year. Just wondering if the declines were around the same level or accelerating?
Reed Hastings: John, we don't publish shipment information like that. I'm not sure where you got the Q3 quote. What we said in the letter and, I'll remind you is, disk shipments did actually continue to grow, they just grew a lower rate than we expected. And going into the fourth quarter, we already knew that we're going to offer a price change and a new plan offering on the streaming-only plan starting in late November. There was some uncertainty around the take rate on that plan and how that would affect our disk shipments. And so we were a little bit conservative in terms of planning out the number of shipments and I think you see that reflected in lower shipments.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Nat Schindler at BofA Merrill. The comments in the text about charging for multiple streams per account is somewhat confusing to me. Are you planning to only limit the $7.99 plan to a single stream? Or are you expecting to limit all plans to a single stream at a time?
Reed Hastings: Both the $9.99 1-out DVD and the $7.99 are one stream at the time. And the vast majority of subscribers are on one of those two plans. So you could think of it as a vast majority of subscribers are on a one-stream at a time plan. So as we develop models around upgrades and how do you get either multiple streams on an account or multiple accounts or subaccounts, those are the kinds of things that we'll be testing and evolving over the coming quarters.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Justin Patterson at Morgan Keegan. With regard to your experience in Canada, how is the tracking versus your initial expectations? What's been your biggest challenge in the region? What lessons have you learned that you can take to additional international markets?
Reed Hastings: I think the main lesson we've learned is confidence in the model. We were really unclear as to how well and aggressively priced on-demand Internet service would work. Without all the DVD and brand history, could we get a cost-efficient marketing and get subscribers to sign up? And in fact, we've proven ourselves that at least within the conditions in Canada that, that is indeed very possible, and we've been very happy with the growth. And so then we'll take on a little bit bigger challenge and we've learned mostly to have confidence in the model of on-demand streaming.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Michael Pachter at Wedbush Securities. How long do you expect fixed-price contracts to be offered? Do you foresee a migration to a cost per subscriber model much as is used by cable companies in dealing with content providers?
Reed Hastings: Michael, that's a possibility but it's not very likely. I think what is happening is the contracts -- some of the contracts are short, a year or two. And so you can think of fixed cost for a year or two is really just a high granularity variable contract based upon the size. And so, I would guess that it would go that way. We definitely agree with the model that as we grow bigger, any individual piece of content is more valuable to us and we'll end up paying more for it. But I think the form will be upon renewals of shorter-term deals.
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Youssef Squali at Jefferies. Could you speak to net neutrality in Europe?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, net neutrality is a pretty strong concept in Europe. So no, no significant risks there. The aspect of the open regional, no charges interchange, however, is less strongly accepted, and that's probably the big issue, which is can ISPs charge content providers like YouTube and Netflix and Amazon, a significant fee to serve their customers? And so that's probably where that interest and the friction will be?
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Peter Treadway at EMS Capital. What do you think the operating margin potential of the company is at maturity? How do you think about the range of outcomes?
Reed Hastings: Peter, in prior calls, what I've said is the long term even maturity operating margins in an industry are really determined by the number of competitors. So if there's three or four roughly equal-sized competitors at maturity, you'd expect pretty low operating margins. If there's one firm that's the leading firm in the market, you'd expect higher operating margins. So it really depends upon the competitive climate as supposed to something inherent in the cost structure.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest Securities. As your subscriber base grows and subs stream more content, are you concerned about running into the limits of total bandwidth availability in a given geography?
Reed Hastings: Oh, gosh. Not at all. We recently did a calculation about fiber optics and what we discovered is that a single fiber optic, about the size of a human hair, because of the advances in dense weight division multiplexing (sic) [dense wavelength division multiplexing] can now carry all 100% of the Netflix traffic. So if we had a single data center where all the bits came out of, it could comfortably go out in a single fiber. And furthermore, the improvements in the next three years expected in fiber optics are increasing that number. So I would say the rate of innovation in data transmission, especially on fiber, is greatly outstripping any growth that we could possibly get to.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is a follow-up question from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS, following up on the declining disc shipment question. In the letter you say, and that you expect disc shipments to decline year-over-year in the coming quarters. Is this the first time you pointed to this? Did you move this inflection point forward?
David Wells: Brian, this is David. Yes, it is the first time that we've talked about this. And it's largely a function of plan mix, the streaming offer, streaming-only plan offering and just the embrace of the streaming-only offering service in general.
Deborah Crawford: That's the last question I have. We'd like to thank everyone for your time, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
Operator: This concludes the conference call. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 18:00:00) =====
Executives:  Deborah Crawford  VP, IR Reed Hastings  Founder, Chairman & CEO Barry McCarthy  CFO
Analysts: Youssef Squali  Jefferies Mike Olson  Piper Jaffray Mark Mahaney  Citi Investment Research Steve Frankel  Dougherty & Company Nat Schindler  BofA-Merrill Lynch Ryan Hunter  Wedge Partners Jason Cheu  ABR Investment Strategy George Askew  Stifel Nicolaus Ben Rose  Battle Road Research Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research Brian Fitzgerald  UBS Andy Hargreaves  Pacific Crest Wayne Chang  Canaccord Genuity Jim Friedland  Cowen John Blackledge  Credit Suisse Barton Crockett  Lazard Capital Markets Michael Pachter  Wedbush Doug Mitchelson  Deutsche Bank Securities Edward Williams  BMO Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley Eric Wold  MCF Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott Arthur Mangriotis  Fox Point Capital Doug Anmuth  Barclays Doug Robinson [ph]  
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Netflix third quarter 2010 earnings Q&A session. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix third quarter 2010 earnings Q&A session. We released earnings for the third quarter at approximately 1.05 PM Pacific Time today. The earnings press release, management's commentary on the quarter's results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the Company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, this call will consist solely of Q&A and we are going to conduct the Q&A via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. We may make forward looking statements during this call regarding the Company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 22nd, 2010. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6.00 PM Pacific Time today. With that, lets begin the Q&A session.
Deborah Crawford: The first question is from Youssef Squali of Jeffries. How important is exclusivity of content in Netflix when doing digital deals?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, its Reed here. Its not inherently important to us, but many of the other buyers are exclusive and I am interested in non-exclusive content. But we end up doing exclusive sometimes basically to play with the way that market is today. And that has some benefits for us also. But its not yet a core strategy. Over a sufficient number of years, it could become a core strategy, but we havent made that determination.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Youssef. What is the percentage of the subscriber base that get Blu-ray today versus one year ago?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, its up from a year ago, but its pretty flat in recent quarters. So, now its still a nice little part of the business and its fine for us.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Mike Olson at Piper Jaffray. What are your thoughts on pricing? I realize you are in grabbing share mode, but I think its occurred to us churn would not be significantly impacted by a $1 per months price increase. And you could argue that higher pricing would allow you to spend more on new content, thereby attracting new sets and reducing churn. How are you thinking about this?
Barry McCarthy: Its Barry. You know from previous calls in response to questions about pricing we had frequently reminded our listeners that we are testing all the time and some of you (inaudible) price test in the marketplace currently. Obviously, the pricing in Canada is working off for us and may be that will or will not play for us in the U.S. and as we continue to read test results, well continue to update our thinking about pricing.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Mark Mahaney at Citi Investment Research. Would you expect the relatively higher mix of TV show consumption via streaming versus via DVD to continue going forward or do you expect it to come down as you build out more movie selection? Is there something about streaming usage that tends to lend itself more to quick TV show consumption?
Reed Hastings: Mark, Id say that were trying to figure out what next consumers want as opposed to trying to guide that and so we are trying to get a broad selection of content both in movies and in TV shows. And currently, the subscribers (inaudible) in about equal proportion and the way we measure it is by  not by stream starts or session starts, but by total minutes watched. So, movies get a little bit of an advantage in minutes watched because they are longer. But we are not trying to drive it one way or the other. We are just trying to build out a whole lot of content that our subscribers want to watch.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Mark Mahaney. Are there earlier indications that recent free subscribers convert to pay subscribers at the same rate as they have for you historically?
Reed Hastings: Sorry, is the question, is the P1 conversion rate whole and constant with historical levels, answer to that question is yes.
Deborah Crawford: Our next question is from Steve Frankel at Dougherty & Company. You commented that the increase in free subscribers was a reflection of both faster U.S. growth and the initial push into Canada. Do you expect free subs to remain at these higher levels relative to the historical norm or will it normalize in the next quarter or two?
Reed Hastings: Well, it may normalize eventually, but particularly in  Q4 tends to be seasonally  see fast subscriber growth around the holidays, which tends to be back end loaded and Q1 tends to be front-end loaded. So for at least Q4, that trend likely continues.
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Steve Frankel. Can you clarify for me what your current operating margin goals are and do you anticipate that expansion beyond North America in the back half of 2011 would at least in early going drop operating margins materially below that level?
Barry McCarthy: Yes, you can infer from our guidance forecast for Q4 based on the mid-point of earnings that the operating margin come in pretty roughly 12.5%, so slightly higher than the 12% that we had spoken about. And in Reeds commentary you know that for 2011 we are guiding towards a 12% on the North American business and that we  if we continue to track in Canada on the current trend line to move towards additional investments internationally and in his commentary Reed spoke about a $50 million investment to support that expansion.
Deborah Crawford: One final question from Steve Frankel. Reed commented that the company spends $500 million per year in postage. This is down from the $600 million figure the company has mentioned in the past. Has the increase in streaming already scaled back the postal expense by that amount?
Reed Hastings: Steve, no, postage is still rising. Its between $500 million and $600 million, so my comments in todays press was over $500 million.
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Nat Schindler, BofA-Merrill Lynch. Several years ago when the two-out-at-a-time option was your most popular, you said that the average user rented about five DVDs per month on average. Now, with the one-out-a-time option becoming dominant, where has this number gone? Also, have you seen a change to the average DVDs rented by customers as you add additional streaming content?
Barry McCarthy: Well, as it relates to DVD usage, we havent for quite some time reported on the average usage across the days except to say that its declined and there have been two principal drivers, one, of course, is the mix change in the business with the increased popularity of one unlimited subscribers. And, secondly, it has been the growth in streaming and the substitution behavior. Now, having said all of that, regardless of whether its a three unlimited, two unlimited, one unlimited plan, if you looked at usage year over year for just DVD, you would see a decrease on average for paying subs.
Deborah Crawford: Next questions are from Ryan Hunter at Wedge Partners. First, can you talk about the penetration rate for the Wii?
Reed Hastings: Ryan, its been very strong with the Wii. Its a very popular device. Its often connected to the living room TV. Its more family-centric than the more hardcore gaming consoles and so its been a great platform for us.
Deborah Crawford: The second question, what is the subscriber count for Canada?
Reed Hastings: On Canada, we are not releasing subscriber count, but I can tell you our experience has been great in Canada. Weve been hitting and exceeding all of our numbers and we are on track to be profitable in Canada late next year. So, really just a super performance living up to our high expectations.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Jason Cheu at ABR Investment Strategy. Would you be willing to offer some color on the video game console opportunity? With an install base of 75 million consoles, PS3, 360, Wii, whats the next subscriber opportunity for Netflix? How often can you market to that install base and what have been the net subscriber yield?
Reed Hastings: Jason, most subscribers watch content on a multiplicity of devices, they will watch on their PCs, they will also watch on an iPhone, they will watch on a game console, and so dont think if it adds the subs is that controlled or influenced by a single device, especially with multiple TVs in household. There will be a Blu-ray player in on room that runs Netflix and a video game console in another. That being said, to answer your question on marketing opportunities with both PS3 and Xbox we advertise on the screen in various ways. So, its easy for a subscriber to click and get a direct lead to Netflix or get directed to sign up right there on the screen. He had one additional question. Are you experiencing an acceleration in net sub adds from consoles that now that no disk is required?
Reed Hastings: That only  the no disk requirement is only lifted three four days ago, so we are just in the process of rolling that out. Well be able to comment more on that next quarter.
Deborah Crawford: The next couple of questions are from George Askew at Stifel Nicolaus. The streaming-only test in the U.S. offers a streaming-only plan for $7.99 per month and a streaming plus DVD plan at $9.99 per month. Other than price, is there a difference between the $9.99 plan you are testing and the existing $8.99 streaming plus DVD plan? Also, if you launch the streaming only service, does that mean the $8.99 price plan will go away?
Reed Hastings: George, thats one test sell of many that you are referring to which is the $7.99, the $9.99, various  and to answer your precise question, the $9.99 in that test sell is the same as $8.99 today.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from George Askew. An important driver of growth has been the consumer electronics partnership. At this point, with the exception of Android, Netflix seems to be on most major connected platforms. What platform or devices are yet to be penetrated by Netflix?
Reed Hastings: George, you are right that weve had a tremendous progress in getting integrated. The big push over the next two years will be as more and more TVs are Internet TVs, they have WiFi built in and well march along with that. But today, there is a still a fair amount of TVs sold that dont have WiFi, so thats the big push in terms of breadth. And then in terms of quality, we are upgrading the user interfaces on all of these devices really at Web speed in the search of what the best user interface is or TV and that will vary somewhat by streaming and input device. So, weve got a big investment program across all of those platforms.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Ben Rose at Battle Road Research. How does Netflix think about the cable service providers? Are they long term collaborators or adversaries?
Reed Hastings: Well, there is two parts to cable service, or at least two parts  three parts: voice, data and video. To the video side, we are mostly competitor except that we are at a very different price point with a very small fraction of their content. Thats the analogy I use of what a motorcycle and (inaudible) car. But on balance, we are competitive. To data, we are a huge ally, drives a lot of data adoption, larger plans, so, very aligned. And voice, no interaction with them.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Jason Helfstein at Oppenheimer. Among the content available on watch instantly, are you seeing greater demand from movies, broadcast TV shows or Pay TV shows like Showtime? What is the average number of minutes per streaming session, and do people tend to come back and finish the movie and show if interrupted?
Reed Hastings: Jason, with the content availability, we dont seen well greater demand for one or the other. We dont divide it up by broadcast or pay or cable network. We are just looking for great shows that we can license to our subscribers. We dont disclose the average number of minutes per streaming session. And, yes, lots of people come back to finish movies and TV shows. So if you are watching on the television and then they are in the car and they finish on an iPod and such or the iPhone and there is all of those different  and they move to a different room and then they get to restart and of course our software is smart enough to restart them in the right place, so that all works very well as you would expect in Internet oriented service to work.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Daniel Ernst at Hudson Square Research. Do you have a sense for what percentage of subscribers are viewing instant watch on their televisions or through their PC?
Reed Hastings: Daniel, for us they are all just screens. There is four inch screens that are mobile phones. There is nine inch screens on iPad, 12 inch screens on laptops, and then a wide variety of television size screens from 20 to 100 inches. And thats not a key determinant for us and its not something that I can give any more color on.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Dan Ernst. Do you have a sense for what percentage of subscribers in the quarter or perhaps year-to-date that are returning subscribers, i.e., previous subscribers who have come back to Netflix?
Reed Hastings: Actually that percentage historically has been running about third, slightly higher and the deceleration in growth that percentage is falling a little bit.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. How do you think about streaming content cost per user in the future in light of the recent and upcoming content deals? Will it be pretty balanced in terms of streaming content cost being offset by analogous postal increases? Or will it be lumpy as present deals come in or may be builds on inflection point?
Reed Hastings: Lets say there is likely to be some lumps. Its not going to be completely smooth. EPIX is great example of our stepping forward on that one and thats pressuring the margins in Q4 and as we grow into that over next year, that will smooth out. But, in terms of the long term margin structure, we would  like to try to keep it between 30% and 35% gross margin replacing the postal cost with content cost.
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. There are now 200 plus Netbook enabled products that will result in 60 million plus devices sold in 2010. Could you give a rough rate the percentage that is may be exclusive and maybe a rough estimate of what these numbers look like for 2011? Any rough thoughts on TV/set-top boxes versus tablets versus PC versus mobile phones?
Reed Hastings: Lets see. I dont think  there is no material set of the devices that are exclusive basically that would  Soft Square [ph] tends to application store architectures and so none of the devices  at least there is no material ones that I can think of that are exclusive. In terms of the number of devices, thats probably not the relevant thing that is the next 100 devices or the 100 smaller devices in the initial 200. So really its coverage, again thats the big change over the next two years is WiFi getting built into more TVs. And as that happens, whether its just the Google TV software built into it or its got a native client both work really well, thats the big change in the industry.
Deborah Crawford: The next few questions are from Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest. Do any of the content deals youve signed give rights for global distribution or do you have to renegotiate for each geography?
Reed Hastings: Hi, Andy, the general pattern is per geography (inaudible) mirrors the other distribution channels.
Deborah Crawford: Next question from Andy Hargreaves. Are the majority of the streaming deals you are signing still fixed?
Reed Hastings: Well, Andy, we like to think of them as fixed because they generally are in the short term, but then when it comes to renegotiation time, it ends up in some long term basis sharing our upside with the content owners as we grow.
Deborah Crawford: And the final question from Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest. Can you explain in more detail the music rights impact? Where, why were you paying $3.5 million for music rights before?
Barry McCarthy: I am not sure if the question is  requires an explanation of what music rights are as the public performance rights for the notes and the words associated with the music thats (inaudible) in the TV and movie content that we distribute or stream over the Internet. There is public performance rights required from one of three rights societies, ASCAP, SESAC, BMI. Two of those, ASCAP and BMI involve rate courts for the setting of grades, rates or in dispute and so as a consequence we through time have made estimates about the rates to our expectations for license fees associated with the public performance of the music and did get some recent decisions in the courts, which have caused us to rethink the amount of money we had set aside for the public performance rights. So, its a monthly accrual and then eventually when the license is struck the  an exchange of monies and  well move on, but right now its a hanging accrual on the balance sheet.
Reed Hastings: And coming back to an earlier question I referred to starting to target 30% to 35% gross margin that is as new content deals replace the postage, and that is true in North America. If we do global aggressively you know in the short term as we launch that would be different. But that is  thats been  goal statement is true in the long term globally and on an ongoing basis in North America.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Wayne Chang at Canaccord Genuity. Could you talk about the level of adoption or activation levels you are seeing with the variety of Web-enabled devices in the marketplace such as Web-enabled TVs, Apple products such as the iPad or other tablet-like devices and even gaming consoles and mobile handsets becoming a key driver to driving new subscriber activations or does the opportunity remain still relative early?
Reed Hastings: Wayne, for music services mobile is the core and then the more living room based formats are an auxiliary. And with videos format its the universe [ph]. So the living room formats and the laptop formats and iPad formats are quite large and the mobile is a good supplement but its relatively modest.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Jim Friedland at Cowen regarding Canada streaming. In the comments you indicated that the Canadian business is on track to breakeven in the second half of next year. Does that imply that your Canadian content deals scale with subscriber growth or are paying big upfront fees to streaming content regardless of the number of subscribers?
Reed Hastings: Jim, that would be the latter.
Deborah Crawford: And the second question from Jim Friedland at Cowen with regards to U.S. streaming. Do you think the long term operating margins of a digital-only business are similar to the margins of the business today around 12% plus?
Barry McCarthy: You know, the long term margins are really driven by competition because that really influences the pricing. So you would have to tell me what the competitive environment is to guess what the operating margins are. It will be again significantly influenced by the amount of competition, and at this point we dont know what that will be.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from John Blackledge at Credit Suisse. What was changed in disk shipments per sub per month in Q3 2010 on a year-over-year basis? I think in Q2 2010 disk shipments were down about 20% year-over-year, thus wondering if you would expect the decline to accelerate in the near term or stay around Q2, Q3 levels?
Barry McCarthy: John  as I said in a  in answer to an earlier question, we are not breaking out the disk usage per sub per month. I think the only color commentary we gave was in Reeds remarks and (inaudible) these shipments had grown on a year-over-year basis by about 10%.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Barton Crockett at Lazard Capital Markets. Impact on other forms of entertainment consumption. Our young children love Netflix, watching something on the iPad. For that reason, we are not inclined to buy more fixed DVDs. They get more than enough content from the Pixar and Disney movies and PBS shows on Netflix. Are there other Netflix subscribers like us? Do you see any evidence that people are buying fewer DVDs as they stream more Netflix content? Could you also update us on the chord-cutting question? Do you still profess to see no evidence that Netflix subscribers are cutting the chord?
Reed Hastings: On the latter part none, chord cutting, we still see no evidence that our sub cut chords at a greater rates than the general population. And thats something we survey on, now and then on. On your personal experience, you know its all over the map. We have tons of anecdotes of people who  the streaming stimulates their usage in other formats, others for  like you said that streaming meets most of their entertainment needs. So, quite a lot of variety with 17 million members.
Deborah Crawford: The next two questions are from Michael Pachter at Wedbush. The press release says that in Q4 a majority of Netflix subscribers will watch more content streamed through Netflix than delivered on DVD. Does more content mean more hours of content of a greater number of streaming sessions than DVD transactions?
Reed Hastings: Michael, thats more hours, we are measuring everything to combine  the hours.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Michael Pachter. Also, the following sentence says that the business will have transitioned from mostly DVD to mostly streaming. If more than 50% of users consume more than 60% of their content via streaming, I can see how you could say mostly streaming for those customers. But I presume that the 34% of customers who dont use streaming get 100% of their content via DVD, so I dont see how you conclude that more than 50% of content is streaming. Would you please clarify what you are talking about and give us the split in terms of hours spent. It really doesnt make sense. And the second sentence implies that over half of all hours spent are spent watching streaming, but the metric you provide dont support that.
Reed Hastings: Its just a math question, yes, Michael. We track how many DVDs we ship and we track that (inaudible) and we make an assumption that each DVD is watched once. But you could say some are never watched and some are watched twice. But we assume watched once. And then we look at the streaming hours that we are delivering and compare those. So, we are seeing two things, which are independent. One is that the total number of minutes of entertainment delivered by Netflix is higher on streaming than on DVD. Second, a majority of our members, or more than 50% in Q4 will watch a majority of their content, by minutes, on streaming than on DVD, which basically gives you a distribution measure. It says that its not, lets say, 10% of the streamers are watching an enormous amount of content and everyone is majority DVD. So, its two views. Total view, we are more streaming. And from a subscriber view, a majority of our subscribers consume a majority of their content on streaming than DVD.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Doug Mitchelson at Deutsche Bank Securities. How much of your churn comes from subscribers that are on free promotions? Asked another way, how well is your churn rate on core Netflix subscribers, say those who have been subscribers for over three months or six months or one year, however you measure it? The obvious reason for the question is we do not typically see consumer subscriber businesses grow so fast while sustaining such a high churn rate. If you settle down to a lower level to the extent you are offering a good price value.
Barry McCarthy: This is Barry, let me tackle that question. We dont normally see subscriber growth businesses grow this fast. So, there are two cohorts essentially to focus on with respect to churn that free trials is kind of gives you a fair deal. And you see a slightly lower  well we anticipate we are seeing slightly lower conversion rates in Canada than we see in the U.S. so let me just tell this one on the U.S. where we have a rich history and we said repeatedly through time and it remains true today that that nine in 10 subscribers who take a free trial become a paying subscriber. So, great conversion rate. But that implies one in 10 free trial subscribers drop out. Thats a 10% churn rate. And so point one. As it relates to the paying subscribers, the churn declines over time and as youve been here for 12 months or longer and more than half of the subscribers have been here for more than 12 months and your churn rate is in the 2% range or lower. So, not terribly dissimilar from churn rates for basic cable, which is in the what, 1.5% range. And, of course, whether or not that churn rate is substantial from a financial perspective also depends on what the acquisition cost is and of course we are at historical low acquisition cost because investments weve made in improving the quality of service in streaming. And then I suppose (inaudible) IP well how does retention rates for streaming customers compare with retention rates on DVD only customers. And because of the improvements weve made in the quality of the streaming service, we can now say that actually retention for streaming customers has just crossed over the retention for  I am using the word, yes, retention, has just crossed over retention for DVD only customers. So, its actually better now for streaming only and thats important of course because the majority of the growth is streaming related.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Edward Williams at BMO. As subscriber growth has grown due to streaming, how has the demographics of the Netflix subscriber changed?
Reed Hastings: Not significantly. We are still pretty much the broad Internet demographic has cut a chord.
Deborah Crawford: The next couple of questions are from Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley. Given the number of deals youve made on the content side in Q3, are you still seeing opportunities to continue to aggressively invest in digital content?
Reed Hastings: Scott, we are pretty spent up for Q4 that we are three weeks into the quarter already do that wouldnt probably make sense. And we have a lot of opportunity next year as the subscriber base continues to grow.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Scott Devitt. With the rollout of the new disk free applications on Wii and PS3, you seem to be focusing a lot on reducing friction, improving the user interface, and increasing search functionality. Are there any other areas you hope to focus on in order to differentiate your streaming products from other video applications from a technology standpoint?
Reed Hastings: Not particularly, Scott. I would say that any technology advantage quickly gets copied. And so we try to do great work and improve any if you like but obviously all the great work that we do there will be quickly copied within a year or two by anybody who wants to.
Deborah Crawford: The next questions are from Eric Wold at MCF. In the prepared remarks, you state that Q4 will experience year-over-year reductions in marketing spending. Are you referring to the overall dollar amount or SAC?
Barry McCarthy: Both.
Deborah Crawford: Second question from Eric Wold. The DVD shipments continue to flow or even decline in certain markets like the Bay Area. At what point would you consider closing distribution centers or would those always need to stay in place for the next day delivery benefit?
Reed Hastings: Mostly the latter, Eric. You know, over a sufficient number of years, as the volume come down 50% there might be some small closures. Thats probably many, many years out.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Tony Wible at Janney Montgomery Scott. Do you believe MSOs will move to (inaudible) as part of the STC debate over title sharing? Do you see an opportunity to use compression techniques to minimize bandwidth if that is the case?
Reed Hastings: Yes, that is a key question, Tony, and a good one. We have some vulnerability depending on cap [ph] usage and what happens. Comcast has a cap, but its 250 gigabytes and so most users feel that they have an unlimited experience and it gives us plenty of room to deliver a high-def stream. On the other hand, AT&T Mobile data on an iPad is now capped at two gigabytes, so not enough room to deliver hours and hours of high-def. There is a not a lot of improvement in compression techniques. But what we can do is just deliver a lower bit stream, a lower quality video experience. So, for example, not too high-def. So, thats one possible way to partially mitigate that impact. But we are definitely sensitive as you pointed to  in the long term as most of the industry end up at 250 gigabytes or two at the other extreme.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Arthur Mangriotis at Fox Point Capital. Please elaborate on your comment that the international competitive window will only be opened temporarily.
Reed Hastings: Well, Arthur, broadband is growing rapidly across the world and that creates an opportunity for us and potentially for others and five or ten years from now, youd have to believe that if we are not there other people will be, so thats what we are referring to.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Doug Anmuth at Barclays. Is SAC down more because you deliberately pushed marketing dollars towards content cost or as a result of the strong subscriber growth, i.e., if you go into the quarter intending to spend a bit less on acquisitions?
Barry McCarthy: We spent to our plan. Marketing spending as a percent of revenue was up slightly on Q-over-Q basis and on a year-over-year basis. And the decrease in SAC reflects the increase in the organic growth, which is a function of the increased investment weve been making in the licensing of streamed content. So, historically, you have heard me talk about the inter-relationship between gross margin SAC and churn and the way in which we play one off against the other in order to increase the overall growth rate and enterprise value associated with the growth in subscriber and thats what you see at play here.
Reed Hastings: And as Barry mentioned in written comments, as part of absorbing the EPIX lump, we will be spending lighter on marketing in Q4 than historically we would and that will have therefore lower gross margins and lower SAC than you are used to seeing from us.
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Doug Anmuth at Barclays. What are you doing differently in terms of distribution centers as you prepare for overall disk shipments to the clients? I know you are focused on continuing automation and efficiency, but do you have broader plans yet on how you ultimately scale back these facilities over time?
Reed Hastings: No, nationwide, our DVD shipments are still growing about 10% year-over-year. So, right now we are trying to figure out how to handle the increased load and get our new automation to work quickly and so I am sure someday well have to think about the issued you referred to, but not in the near term?
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Michael Olson at Piper Jaffray. Question for Barry. Does your comment in the prepared remarks regarding Q4 guidance where you say year-over-year reductions in marketing spending will mostly fund increased content spending implies [ph] that Q4 marketing spend on a dollar basis will that be down year-over-year in Q4 or are you saying it will be down year-over-year as a percentage of revenue?
Barry McCarthy: It will be down as a percentage of revenue and it will be down Q over Q.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Doug Robinson [ph], a private investor. When will the Android cell phone be supported for streaming app?
Reed Hastings: Doug, we are working on the Android now, and as soon as we have something to announce well announce that.
Barry McCarthy: All right. I would like to supplement my previous answer as it relates to marketing spending to make a slightly different point. I want to remind everyone on the call that earnings is a managed outcome. And so there has been many quarters in the past by way of example, the fourth quarter of last year if memory serves me, during the quarter because the business was much more profitable than we forecasted we are going to be, we allocated during the quarter an additional spending to marketing of something like $6 million. But we delivered earnings never wed forecast we were going to deliver and we were also able to deliver more growth in part because we are able to invest in more marketing dollars. So, if  as Q4 unfolds, similar dynamic occurs relative to our forecast and we have the wind at our back, and we would be anxious to invest additional money in marketing because it will further accelerate our growth. But base on our plan, we are expecting the answer I gave, which is the decrease both on a percentage basis and a decrease Q over Q in terms of absolute dollars spent on marketing.
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Barton Crockett at Lazard with regards to the Starz deal. Starz receive net affiliate fees of close to $2 per subscriber per month for providing its (inaudible) on per package to cable. In my observation, the line-up of Starz content on Netflix is better than on cable due to more title availability, (inaudible), et cetera. In the renewal talks with Starz, is it conceivable that Netflix could say rate per sub for Starz content comparable to what cable pays? Can you comment generally on your optimism or skepticism about a successful renewal of the Starz deal?
Reed Hastings: Well, Bart, obviously I can't comment on the specifics, and I am optimistic in the long term that is we have money to pay and they are in the business of collecting money. So you know there is no reason in the long term strategically it shouldnt work out. How soon and whether there are hick-ups along the way like we see in so many content supplier relationships, that PBD, but with the breadth of our content offered, well be fine. And we look forward to working on that deal.
Deborah Crawford: The final question is from Michael Pachter at Wedbush. Since postage hasnt declined precipitously, you are really saying that overall consumption of entertainment is up a lot. DVD usage is down a little, and streaming up a lot. Thats a high cost problem and since its a higher value proposition. Could you confirm that I am reading the response correctly?
Reed Hastings: Michael, the only thing that I heard in that question was that DVD down, but DVD is actually up. It emphasizes your theme that DVD is growing slowly for us, DVD shipments, and streaming is growing rapidly. But I am not sure, Deborah, I heard the question 
Deborah Crawford: Thats right.
Barry McCarthy: You are really saying that overall consumption is up a lot, so  lets see, usage per sub down a little, and streaming up a lot.
Reed Hastings: DVD usage.
Barry McCarthy: DVD usage on a per sub basis down.
Reed Hastings: But subs growing overall.
Barry McCarthy: Yes, right, right.
Reed Hastings: Thats a 50% sub growth; its only 10% shipment growth.
Barry McCarthy: Yes, I think youve answered that. The question is on a per sub basis are you seeing greater consumption, are you seeing greater consumption of entertainment? And I think the answer to that is yes. So, said differently, subscribers are extracting more value from the service than they have historically, which I think explains in part one, the increased organic growth and the decline in subscriber acquisition cost, and two, the continued decrease in churn.
Deborah Crawford: Great. Thats the last question I have. Before we conclude the call, I would like to turn the call back over to Reed for any brief closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Thanks for joining us today. Hopefully, we answered all of your questions efficiently. There is a lot to talk about this quarter. The year-over-year subscriber growth at 52% and accelerating, more content, more device partnerships, our entry into Canada, and by any measure, our evolution to a streaming company has just been phenomenal. I think youll see that evolution even more clearly when we report our fourth quarter results. And look forward to talking with you then. Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-21 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Erin Kasenchak - Senior Manager, IR Reed Hastings - CEO Barry McCarthy - CFO 
Analysts:  Steve Frankel - Brigantine Advisors Dave Miller - Caris & Company Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company Ryan Hunter - Wedge Partners Ben Rose - Battle Road Research Dan Ernst - Hudson Square Jeff Rath - Canaccord Nat Schindler - BofA-Merrill Jason Helfstein - Oppenheimer Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Doug Anmuth - Barclays Mark Mahaney - Citigroup George Askew - Stifel Nicolaus Ralph Scharkart - William Blair Tony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott Justin Patterson - Morgan Keegan Wayne Chang - Canaccord Barton Crockett - Lazard Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Imran Khan - JPMorgan Brian Fitzgerald - UBS John Blackledge - Credit Suisse Ed Williams - BMO Jim Friedland - Cowen Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Heath Terry - FBR  
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to Netflix second quarter 2010 earnings Q&A session. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'll turn the call over to Erin Kasenchak, Director of Investor Relation. Please go ahead.
Erin Kasenchak:  Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix second quarter 2010, earnings Q&A session. We released earnings for the second quarter at approximately 1.05 PM Pacific Time today. Earnings press release, management's commentary on the quarter's results and the webcast of this Q&A session are available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  Like last quarter, this call consists solely of Q&A and we are going to conduct the Q&A via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. We may make forward looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business.  A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 22nd, 2010. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6.00 PM Pacific Time today. Before moving into Q&A, I would like to turn the call over to Reed for a few opening remarks.
Reed Hastings: Welcome everyone and let's just jump in with question, Erin.
Erin Kasenchak: Great, first question is from Steve Frankel at Brigantine Advisors. Will the recent content deal with Relativity Media signal a material increase in the overall content expenditures or a continuation of the trend of shifting investment from physical to digital? 
Erin Kasenchak: Steven, it's a little of both, we have been investing more in streaming content, quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, as we get revenue growth and confirmation that the streaming content investment is a smart one. And Relativity does indicate a material step up in that, most of that doesn't come in until Relativity delivers the films so that would be next year and beyond. So it's a material step up this year for Relativity. But we are out looking for more content and unique to Relativity is that its completely exclusive for internet subscription to Netflix, so it's the first essentially a shift in our strategy which is to also be licensing exclusive content in addition to non-exclusive content. We don't see a big radical shift. It's a thing we are doing some of the content on movies and TV shows exclusively now which as you know is open to new parts of content of availability because much of the content in the pay-TV window is sold exclusively.
Erin Kasenchak: And second question is what is the percentage of subscribers on Blu-ray plan?
Reed Hastings: Steve, it's a little over 10%.
Erin Kasenchak: Great, next question from Dave Miller of Caris & Company. Can you confirm whether or not the introduction of the iPad app has resulted in additional subs beyond your expectation or whether the Netflix app has resulted in already existing subs acquiring iPad?
Reed Hastings: Well Dave, every new platform whether that's the Wii, the iPad, all of the platforms, do both. They help us with existing subscribers getting more value from the Netflix service and they help us attract new subscribers and the iPad was big success for us as the Wii was and as really all of our platforms have been. 
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Youssef Squali at Jeffries & Company. How is the rate of activations on the Wii versus what you have seen for the Xbox in the first 90 days?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, we don't break out platforms specifics. But I would say that we were very happy with Xbox when it came out and we've been very happy with the PS3 and now we're very happy with Wii. They all have large install bases and that's a meaningful way for our subscribers to get value from our service, and watch great movies and TV shows.
Erin Kasenchak:  The second question, is there a subscriber segment? Is there a sub-segment of subscribers who only stream the service and stop ordering DVDs? If so, can you quantify?
Reed Hastings:  The majority of subscribers do both stream and take DVDs. 
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Ryan Hunter at Wedge Partners. Are marketing expenses associated with the Canadian expansion already factored into your operating margin guidance for 2010?
Reed Hastings:  Yes, it is.
Erin Kasenchak:  And what percentage of your CDM partners will support Canadian subscribers?
Reed Hastings:  Assuming that you meant CDN, in which case there is no real issue of the internet, our providers such as Akamai and Limelight and others that's out in Canada.
Erin Kasenchak: Great next question's from Ben Rose at Battle Road Research. As Netflix gears up to enter the Canadian market and for similarly other foreign markets, what is the most significant content delivery challenge facing the company? Do you expect higher content delivery unit costs than you have in the US?
Reed Hastings: If by delivery one means the cost of streaming, that's a fairly small part of the total picture. So, I would say in Canada, the challenges are licensing the right content, the right cost, and then taking advantage of the right marketing channels at the right cost. Those are the two primary drivers, the content and the marketing.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Dan Ernst at Hudson Square. Questions on accessing rights for digital content for instant watch. Is the size of your subscriber base relative to large cable and satellite carriers factored at all into your ability to gain such rights? And if you looked at your top 500 titles across the year, what percentages of those are now available for instant watch?
Reed Hastings: Our relative size is into direct impact, Dan. It's more the absolute size of our checks. So, if the biggest check we can write for a piece of content is $10,000, you know it's a long shot to get it. If the biggest is $20 million for some piece of content, we're pretty likely to be out there with anybody else. So, it's as you would expect in that way. So there is an indirect influence around our revenue or our content spending budget, larger that it is, the more effective we can be.  And then you ask about the top 500, I'm not sure how to answer that exactly. But I would say that the power of Netflix is to take a lot of content, it may not be the hottest content and make it feel like it's an incredible service to subscribers. That's where we add value as a service and that when one is nearly carrying the hottest content on the planet, there is not as much of a profit opportunity in that, because you got to pay the content owner. Well the content owner has earned most of the value generated as you extract that. So our key is not around top 500, our key is direct. And what percent of our subscribers are streaming, can we keep them actively streaming because if they are actively streaming and taking DVDs, then they will be paying better and you can see that in the year-over-year improvements in retention that we have generated. 
Erin Kasenchak: The second question is related to churn. Churn, my second are of interest is on churn. What are the top two areas a customer goes to instead of Netflix when they leave also are the customers you have added over the last year, what percentage of those have been Netflix customers previously?
Reed Hastings: It's usually around the third, and plus you're paying five points. And on the first part of the question, what's that Erin?
Erin Kasenchak:  What are the top two places that people go when they churn? 
Reed Hastings:  You know when we ask them, it's a little bit of choppy exactly because you ask about movies, where did you get movies from? This is going to be different answer than where you get TV shows from. But when you ask where we get movies from, consumers say that kiosk, the $1 rental. That's the big one and is still rising. Almost everything else is in the noise.
Erin Kasenchak:  Great. Next question from Jeff Rath at Canaccord. Free subscribers as a percentage of paying subscribers have reached the highest level ever for Netflix, what's causing this and how should we expect just the trend for the remainder of 2010?
Reed Hastings:  There is kind a huge difference. In general, that's a reflection of our growth rates. So our growth rates astoundingly have been moving up all year long and we expect them to continue to grow and a higher growth rate will be associated with a higher rate or free trials at any point in time. That's pretty much, it. Seasonality contributes end results slightly to the number of revenue months generated in a quarter which bears on the likes of free and paid. And Q2 tends to be slightly backend loaded. Q3 is pretty much flat along through the quarter. Q4 is backend loaded. But we described the predominant influence, which is sub-growth.
Erin Kasenchak:  Great. Next question from Nat Schindler. BofA-Merrill. Dramatic increase in subscriber guidance, up 1.2 million on top and bottom end of guidance for year end, coupled with limited increase in revenue guidance which absolutely in our view are coming down much faster than it did before, what has changed?
Reed Hastings:  I would say not so much. The only thing that's changed in the business and it's quite a significant change is the accelerated growth and we attribute that to streaming, and streaming implies for 1-out unlimited price point. So I said on Q3 call a year ago that if prices decline rapidly towards that 1-out unlimited plan, we'll be very excited. That's great news for the business because it means that streaming is resonating with consumers and likely we will see accelerating growth. And in fact we are seeing accelerated growth. So if you're doing year-over-year comp, it helps to remember that we initiated in part of Blu-ray price increase in Q2 a year ago for two months of the quarter and then three months of the quarter in Q3, and so that dampens the fact of the shift towards 1-out plan. But tax in that effect we're tracking year-over-year say Q3, Q4, I think will be on par, one to another.
Barry McCarthy: And now we do expect streaming continues to be successful. It has been for us, that our $8.99 one-year plan will be a larger and larger percentage both the sign ups and therefore the installed base. We're not seeing any material migration of the installed base. That has stayed pretty constant. When people come in on a certain plan they stay with it. I have said that new subscribers are predominately coming in on the unlimited streaming one DVD at a time plan. 
Reed Hastings: I want to remind everyone that I think the pure indicator of the growth potential of the business is subscriber growth. We've had lots of discussion about ASP overtime and it's declined, and because of that discussion we added a metric which was gross profit per paying sub. So on a year-over-year basis, we actually saw an increase of about $0.30 in that metric. So even though ASP is going down and revenues are growing slower than subscribers are growing in terms of gross profit dollar, we are adding more prudent sub in Q2 of this year than we did a year ago.
Erin Kasenchak: The second question. I think visibility into Q4 subscriber growth or in other words how do you get comfortable without quarter guidance?
Reed Hastings: We have lots of confidence about next week's outcome, declining less ability to be accurate next month and as we point out declining less ability the following quarter. It's really a continuum. The trend lines that are propelling Netflix' acceleration have been a very steady, strong acceleration since the beginning of the year at least and that's what gives us confidence that it's not one short term aspect. And while we're not able to, we are choosing not to predict continued acceleration of growth in Q4, that is our model, our expectation and guidance is that growth will remain at a very strong 48%, 49% subscriber growth in Q4. Its because of the continuity and steadiness of our acceleration to date as opposed to say we are banking on CPM rates or some specific aspect of Q4.
Erin Kasenchak: The next question is from Jason Helfstein at Oppenheimer. Can you update us on our three to five year outlook for operating margins?
Barry McCarthy: Jason my update that implies that we said something about that in the past, except I don't believe we have. In general we would hold the domestic business. We would want that to steadily improve, probably at a fairly modest rate, because the top line is expanding so dramatically. The global operating margin would depend upon international and at what rate it was prudent to invest. 
Erin Kasenchak:  Great, next question from Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley. Given that the three largest devices' install bases, Xbox, PS3 and Wii have already launched, how should we think about the subscriber contribution from the initial launches versus follow-on contribution from the existing installed base versus incremental growth in the console install base?
Reed Hastings:  Scott we've been very happy that the Xbox which is our longest standing device relationship, we continue to see substantial growth in the number of Xbox users and Xbox activations for Netflix and that's partially because they're continuing to sell more, new devices in to the market at a considerable rate. And it's partially because we are marketing our service to people who include current Xbox owners. So, both install bases, Netflix and Xbox are growing. And from that we're seeing continued growth. So, we look at it and we think that we will continue to generate substantial growth from all three of the gate platforms, because all three are growing. 
Erin Kasenchak: While Netflix may have the skill to aggressively acquire streaming content, availability of content appears limited due to the exclusivity agreement between premium TV networks and most major studios. Are there other buckets of content similar to Relativity Media that are not tied up in exclusive agreements or is Netflix made to pursue another stars like distribution deal the likes of Epics or Showtime in order to dramatically expand the content library. 
Reed Hastings: Again want to separate that out between TV shows and movies. So in movies there are a small number of makers and as you've said and mentioned a number of exclusive deals and so we are definitely interested in licensing from HBO, from Epics, from Showtime. In addition, there are pockets of content like Relativity, therefore on the movie sides.  On the TV network side, there is a vast array of content and providers and exclusives are of the type that movies are much less common and there is a lot of incremental ability for us to generate new profits for those networks. Because we focus on the prior season, we try to be particularly careful about not conflicting with cable networks which focus on the newest episode. And we focus on the prior season in generating incremental view better than anyone from that prior season viewing and you will see us continue to expand on that in the coming years.
Erin Kasenchak: Great, our next question is from Doug Anmuth at Barclays. They are changing until now from three months ago in terms of shifting sense from marketing content spending. Seems like you're more definitive about the second half contents spend increase after Q1 than now.
Barry McCarthy:  There was intended shift in tone Doug. We expect to significantly increase the spending streaming in the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year and the first half was a big increase over the second half of the prior year. So as the business scales in terms of subscribers we have, it generates more and more capacity to reallocate spending and so that's our plan.  You probably are referring to the language in my commentary which said that if we're not successful in licensing additional contents then we will spend that money in marketing and grow this sub-growth and I was kind of inoculate us against creating expectations on the part of investors that in the absence of increased content spending, it would all fall at bottom-line. They didn't want earnings expectations to run away from us. It was another way of reminding folks that earnings is a managed outcome and we consciously every quarter make a choice between how much earnings to deliver on the bottom-line and how much to invest quarterly and glorify them in the form of marketing or making the service better to drive additional (inaudible). 
Reed Hastings:  And Doug I would say that after the same which is about a consistent strategy which is content gets first-ins on the budget and marketing spends, what's left over and content thrives only by efficiently. What they don't want to do is spend inefficiently and so that combination works well for us in Q2 and works well for us for the rest of the year.
Erin Kasenchak:  Great and second question. In deals like Relativity and others, how does the timing of content payments work in terms of cash payment and financial statement recognition? How lumpy are payments here and when was would you start to actively begin talking to Starz without renewing?
Barry McCarthy:  Let me take the accounting and cash flow part of the question. Of course, we don't make disclosures on a deal-by-deal basis but in general and by way of reminder, if we negotiate a multi-year deal for streamed content and if we are not able to allocate value for the deal's individual titles then when we amortize the cost of the license agreement on a straight line basis over the term. And the cash flow aspects of the deals are unique and individual deals and can vary quite a bit. Nothing about any of the deals that we've negotiated, and the rate changes in any significant way our cash flow attributes of the business. And what's the second part?
Erin Kasenchak: When might you start discussions about our Starz renewal? 
Barry McCarthy:  On these Hollywood type deals, they are always in discussions that never end, so no particular time does this begin or end.
Erin Kasenchak: Great, next question from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup. Is the slowdown in growth of DVD shipments are at an inflection point where we could start to see DVD shipments growth flat lined or even start to decline and it really starts to take off or is this more of a function of limited content acquired during the quarter as DVD shipments continue to grow and/or even accelerate?
Reed Hastings: Well Mark DVD shipments are growing. We don't expect them to flatten this year. Yes, as we said, that growth was less than we thought. So, that would imply the peak would be here earlier than we had thought.  Well know more each quarter on do those trends continue and yes there is great news in this which is if churn stays low and DVD shipments grow slower than revenue, then that frees up a lot of money for marketing, for content, both growth oriented investments or for earnings. So, good outcomes in all cases as essentially streaming and substituting for DVD as it seems to be happening for us.
Erin Kasenchak: The next question. You said over the next two quarters you will spend on content and marketing especially streaming content in order to drive subscriber growth, what metrics will you be looking at in order to determine where you focused your spend? Could we expect other forms of marketing spend like more TV, print, mobile advertising?
Reed Hastings: We are very happy with the mix of marketing that we are doing. And if we spend more you would see us be doing more online and more TV, but no radical changes. It's simply getting more impressions of the great advertising that we've got.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Next question from George Askew at Stifel Nicolaus. You stated in your commentary that you see TV shows that's equally important to the franchise as movies, within the Watch Instantly library, could you share with us the mix of content between TV shows and movies?
Reed Hastings: George, we don't break it out, the mix of content, because TV shows are a smaller unit. You get unit viewables, hours of viewing, hours of viewables, all different kinds of measures. But what I can tell you is they are both very big for us and both very substantial and we continue to expand both on the movie side and on the TV show side.
Erin Kasenchak: The next question is based on what you know about the movie plus subscription offering, do you view it as a substitute or a complement to the Netflix streaming program?
Reed Hastings: It's a potential significant competitor and it is a direct competitor, movies and TV shows streaming; so subscription, and we take it seriously as a direct competitor.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Next question from Ralph Scharkart at William Blair. Does the Digital Entertainment Content Ecosystem's recent branding campaign and stated goal of rolling out a standard digital platform for new released movies change Netflix' stand on offering new digital movies/VoD? If not, what is the rationale given Netflix' membership in the DECE?
Reed Hastings: Well, we've often addressed this topic which is sort of what's our relationship to pay-per-view and sometimes called download-to-own, which are two variants, a $4 variant and a $20 variant. And that is that there are many companies in that business; Amazon, Apple, Sony, Microsoft, CinemaNow and others. It's well addressed. We don't know how to add any particular value to that space. And we are really focused on subscription and we've got such a big opportunity in subscription that this year our growth is accelerating dramatically, and so we don't see any need or desire to expand our available market. We're just very focused on subscription. 
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Tony Wible of Janney Montgomery Scott. Will Netflix have exclusive access to all of their Relativity films or only the single production films, would the joint production films still go to HBO and Starz.
Reed Hastings: Tony, Relativity does as you know a broad range of production and then we did at a deal for some of the content but we are not the sole distribution partner or sole PayTV partner for Relativity produced films.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Justin Patterson at Morgan Keegan. You mentioned then the Playstation user interface coming this fall, will that require access to the premium Playstation Plus subscription service, should we think about a new user interface probably in the coming months too?
Reed Hastings: On the PS3, we'll have more to say about that when we roll it out and that will be before or expected to be before the next call. In terms of re-user interface like all of our user interfaces, we're working on improvements but we have nothing to announce today.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question is from Wayne Chang at Canaccord. Could you speak both qualitatively and quantitatively on the success you are seeing with regards to activations on web-enabled televisions from manufacturers you mentioned i.e., Samsung, Sony VIZIO et cetera.
Reed Hastings: Wayne, we focus on three broad categories, the videogame consoles that have large installed bases and upgradeability over the internet, so like gives them a big advantage. Second category is Blu-ray. And that advantage is they are all internet connected because it was part of the Blu-ray security spec and they are relatively low in price. So they are easy to upgrade if you got a big TV already in place.  The third category is the one you asked about, Internet TV which is just emerging now. We've been very happy with some of the early progress from Sony and VIZIO and others, but that category in the very long term is likely to be the leading category. But at this point, it's still nascent. And that works for us fine. We're doing significant investments in all three of those broad areas.
Erin Kasenchak: The next question is from Barton Crockett at Lazard. Can you offer a prediction of when Netflix will be recognizing more expensive income statements from an online content when it occurs from the direct content cost of DVDs excluding of this?
Reed Hastings: I don't think we're going to comment on it at this time.
Erin Kasenchak: And next question regarding core cutting, do you see any evidence on Netflix subscribers are inclined to either cancel multi-channel video subscriptions or to (inaudible) back use of premium services such as Starz, Encore, HBO? 
Reed Hastings:  No, we haven't seen any evidence of that and there's no evidence in the total numbers of those firms in the last quarter's financials and total subscribers. Total multi-channel video subscribers is continuing to grow in the US, premium subscribers is not showing any decline, so I don't think there is any material core cutting. And I think what's happening is you know the multi-channel video is such a broad package with an incredible array of products that were a tiny little fraction of that and our subscribers view it as a supplemental service and because it's a modest cost, at nine bucks a month. It works for them and their budget.
Erin Kasenchak:  Next question from Mike Olson at Piper Jaffray. Have you ever considered raising the price of the subscription to fund content acquisition and to accrue [ph] introducing a 999 a month plan that is also ad-supported change of thinking on your monthly fees?
Reed Hastings:  Well who knows that we change our thinking at all? You it is early stage, too small to matter. But generally, we ask ourselves every quarter, should we cut price, should we raise price, should we add more content, shrink the content? We think through every quarter, in what way should we be evolving the business model? So, nothing particularly at this point but it is always the ongoing question we ask ourselves. 
Erin Kasenchak:  The next question is, while the various metrics were down from quarter-to-quarter and due to seasonality, is it fair to say that as long as the subscriber base continues to migrate through increased usage of streaming in favor of DVD. At gross margin churn and fact should all continue to improve on a year-over-year basis in the foreseeable future? What could cause this not to happen?
Barry McCarthy:  As we make the service better Michael, I have every reason to believe that, if we're successful in increasing subscriber engagement with the surplus then we'll see improvements in churn and we'll stand to see improvements in SAC. I don't expect to see continuing improvements in gross margin and I think we would probably do ourselves a disservice and slow our growth if we were to stop the content spend and in order to manage the gross margin in the business to a higher level. So in lieu of gross margin I encourage you to think about operating margins as we're clearly making trade-offs between. And we have through our entire history on SAC churn in gross margins offer the purpose of managing our sales to an operating margin that strikes the right balance between growth and profit. So a right example, we saw last quarter, I told you'd expect us to manage the business at 1% operating margin for the year. Now we're going faster and having more success doing it than we imagined and to the mid-point of guidance our net income implies an operating margin of about 12.5%. So clearly business is running, at least year-to-date more profitably than we expected and at least in the current quarter on gross margin both because of plan mix shift and because of substitution behavior is more profitable than we had expected. Now in a perfect world that we can time content spending and marketing spending and align it with perfect four side in our forecast, that wouldn't have happened and we would have reinvested that money and had factors of growth still.
Reed Hastings: Mike to repeat what Barry said, we do look at operating margins with important discipline, but not gross margin, so if we found the right content deals, we would easily take half of the marketing budget and slip it into contents. If we thought that that's going to help us grow even more than that marketing budget but you know you could see big swings that way, if we think it's in our interest of terms of growth and consistent with our operating margin goals.
Erin Kasenchak: Great, the next question is from Imran Khan at JPMorgan. Can you talk about how much of the increasing churn was driven by seasonality versus other factors?
Barry McCarthy: Well I think we saw 30 basis points of seasonal increase a year ago and we saw a 20 basis points roughly of seasonal increase this year, I am talking about Q-over-Q. So on a net basis, I think we are better by about 10 basis points and all the trend lines for the individual plan types and usage types hybrid versus just going (inaudible) and suggest to me as my commentary indicates there will be continuously improvement in churns through the remainder of the year.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question is from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. There will be a year term launch April before a user interface upgrade to the Wii and is the driver there exclusivity plus yield terms are related to R&D priorities?
Reed Hastings: Brian there is no limit in our ability to innovate on the Wii. Once the new PS3 launches, that will convert from a disk based user interface to a downloadable user interface, which makes the cost of upgrading very small for PS3. At this point the Wii's forecast will still remain a disk based model. And that is some practical constraints to the timing and frequency of upgrades. So, that's the only material difference going forward. 
Erin Kasenchak:  Next question is from John Blackledge from Credit Suisse. What is driving streaming content purchase decisions? Is it about acquiring as much quality content, netbooks can get at fair value or the initial viewing trends from subscribers taking purchasing decisions?
Reed Hastings:  The two factors are how much budget we have for streaming content. And then can we get it. You referred to fair market value, but really can we just get an agreement of a price that works for us both. And if it's so, then we do that deal.
Erin Kasenchak:  Next question is from Ed Williams at BMO. How quickly do you think you might be able to extend outside of Canada into other international markets?
Reed Hastings:  Ed we're going to take a look and see how we do in Canada with a New York streaming model. See if we've got the right amount of content, the right marketing approach. And we'll take a look at those results, and then try to figure out what that means for our opportunity in other countries. So until we get a couple months after the launch we're going to be sitting still. 
Erin Kasenchak:  The second question, can you provide some color on the usage patterns of launch instruments, specifically, our new subscribers using this service differently than those that have been subscribers for a longer period of time? Is there a measurable base of subscribers who are exclusively using launch instantly?
Reed Hastings:  And to the last part, almost everyone takes both DVDs and streaming and partially that's because the DVDs have all the new releases, so there is a pretty sector of content there that's DVD only. But in terms of viewing patterns, newer subs as a class are more streaming centric partially is because when they came and that's why some established their habits, we upgrade streaming, whereas if you joined us five years ago, you'll use to it as a DVD business so of a thousand people that are with us to join five years, you get a viewer that are extremely centric as you do in the new subs, pretty much as you would expect. The migration is happening in all classes and its increasing amongst all classes.
Operator: Next question from Jim Friedland from Cowen.
Erin Kasenchak: Did you ever offer new release titles on the pay-per-view basis on the digital video service?
Reed Hastings:  Jim you've probably put that question in before I answered it a few minutes ago, so I'll go to the next one.
Erin Kasenchak:  Next question from Andy Hargreaves from Pacific Crest.
Erin Kasenchak:  Does your increased focus on TV content change conversations of content providers and this is potentially more competitive with their broadcast or affiliate fee businesses? 
Reed Hastings:  Andy what has that potential, if we weren't focused on prior season instead of current season? On current season you do get potential competition with essentially the DDR model, the advertising model, all of those things but on prior season, we are able to create value that wasn't there before and generate incremental profits for the content owner and so there is not a conflict there.
Erin Kasenchak:  Next question from Heath Terry of FBR. Can you breakdown the components of the increase in SAC, rising ad cost, mix of higher bounty deals or lower response rates, to non-bounty deals TV, radio.
Barry McCarthy:  I could but I'd get skewered back (inaudible) also. I'm going to take a pass on that. Your walk away should be that there is nothing that's happening in the marketplace particularly that's increasing our cost of doing business. So the increase in SAC is strictly a managed outcome but we would say she starts with the lowest cost of subscriber acquisition and then layer-on-layer she builds out her acquisition channels and as the budget permits. There are quarters like Q4 when consumers are very active and the cost of acquisitions is relatively low and there are an abundance of marketing opportunities available to her, so happens and Q2 is the slowest quarter by far. And so, an aggressive spend in Q2 is a little bit my question on (inaudible). 
Reed Hastings:  And so Heath if we ever drop the marketing budget on a year-over-year basis and have SAC to increase then you can worry about that case, kind of what's happening. It's harder to get subs. But when you increase marketing dramatically on a year-over-year basis as Barry said, knowing how much you increase it, that's what's driving the SAC up on the margin.
Erin Kasenchak:  Next question from Nat Schindler at BofA-Merrill. With churns looking up for the first time sequentially in four quarters as that related to seasonality, do you think we are at or near the low for churn on a seasonally adjusted basis or over the long term will it continue streaming if this drives this churn even lower?
Barry McCarthy:  Somewhere its seasonality and somewhere its growth, right. If we had slower growth and new subs churn at a much higher rate than the short subs like a 10% rate versus 1.5% rate, sort of and what it seems lower churn. Now, the question was have we seen an all-time low in seasonality, Erin? 
Erin Kasenchak:  Could it continue to decline?
Barry McCarthy:  Yes, I think so. Could churn continue to decline on a seasonal basis? Yes. Let's see, if we continue to improve the overall quality in the service in a way that increases subscriber engagement with the service then the answer is yes. Certainly in the current competitive environment, it's a competitive environment systematically, or if we make bad decisions about how invest in the quality of service and we are not successful in briefing engagement, the trend could reverse, no question.
Reed Hastings:  And Barry if our sub-growth keeps on accelerating, you know it's already 49%; that could also have an effect on the new public churn.
Barry McCarthy:  Yes, but we are forecasting faster growth and lower churn. 
Erin Kasenchak: Great. Our last question comes from Andy Hargreaves, Pacific Crest. Last quarter you said the goal is to hold second half marketing expense below second half 2009 marketing expense on an affluent basis, is it still the case? 
Reed Hastings:  Barry and I are looking at each other like did he say that? I don't think we said that anyway. Yes and going forward what we are looking at is if we can spend it on content efficiently, we'll spent it on content, and that would have reduced marketing. If we don't find the right deals then we'll end up spending it on marketing. So if you add up to some of those marketing plus cause, now that's where, that will stay, I think lets say its not a consistent one to P&L but its a trade-off between on the margin marketing expense and streaming content.
Erin Kasenchak:  Great. So before we conclude the call, I'd like to just turn it back over to Reed for a few closing remarks.
Reed Hastings:  Thank you all for attending the call and continue to give us feedback on the format if you like. In general, we've heard that it's more efficient for all of you and its quick for us and I hope that it gets a higher quality, total information out. So thank you for attending and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. Attendees, you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-22 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford  VP, IR Reed Hastings  Co-Founder and CEO Barry McCarthy  CFO
Analysts: Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Ryan Hunter  Wedge Partners David Miller  Carris & Company Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott Mark Harding  Maxim Group  Ben Rose  Battle Road Research  Wayne Change  Canaccord Adams Melinda Davies  Susquehanna Investment Group Ralph Scharkar  William Blair Edward Williams  BMO Capital Markets Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Brian Fitzgerald - UBS Nat Schindler - B of A  Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan John Blackledge - Credit Suisse Richard D. Skaggs - Loomis, Sayles Mario D. Cibelli - Marathon Partners
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Netflix first quarter 2010 earnings Q & A session. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflixs first quarter 2010 earnings Q & A session. We released earnings for the first quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. PT today. The earnings press release, managements commentary on the quarters results and the webcast of this Q & A session are all available at the companys Investor Relations website at IR.netflix.com. Like last quarter, this call will consist solely of Q & A and we are going to conduct the Q & A via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. Please note that this is a new email address from previous quarters. We may make forward-looking during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2010. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. PT today.  Before moving into Q&A, I would like to turn the call over to Reed for opening remarks. 
Reed Hastings : Thanks Deborah and welcome everyone to todays Q & A session. Q1 was another outstanding quarter. We saw record net sub-additions, the lowest SAC and churn in our history and EPS grew 59% year over year. At the same time, the percentage of our subscribers streaming movies and TV episodes in the last 90 days grew to 55%.  This was driven by the progress weve made in enhancing our streaming content offering, expanding the breadth of Netflix enabled devices, and improving the user interface. As our guidance for the remainder of 2010 indicates, we expect our momentum to continue. So with that, lets go over to the questions.
Deborah Crawford :
Advisors. : 
Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors:  Can you share any insights into the viewing habits of watch instantly customers? How many times per month does a typical user stream? Have you seen any material impact on disc usage? Is the viewing skewed materially to TV content? 
Reed Hastings :  Steven, its Reed here. Think of the distribution of instant watching users like any normal distribution. There are some people who barely use it; there are some that use it a lot. It is pretty typical, normal distribution. TV and movies; it is more towards TV than DVD, but movies are still the majority. We are continuing to strengthen the TV side.  What was the last part, usage? On the usage part it appears that were seeing some substitution of DVD rental for streaming. 
Deborah Crawford:  He had a second question. 
Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors:  What is the largest competitive threat facing Netflix today; Kiosk vendors, digital VOD, or traditional cable VOD? 
Reed Hastings:  Well Steven there are a lot of competitive threats and its always hard to figure out what the biggest ones are. Certainly cable, satellite, Telco, MSO; just improving their product is the biggest one. The better, more on demand, more HD TV everywhere; they are continuing to improve that. That is a competitor for time at least. Then theres the potential emergence of direct competitors, who refer to Hulu to see what the do and potentially others over time.
 :
Deborah Crawford :  The next question is from Youssef Squali
Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company:  What do you believe is the likely impact of the postal service going from six-day delivery to five-days on your DVD by mail business? 
Reed Hastings :  Youssef, here we are not particularly concerned as our streaming grows. We will be less and less sensitive to particular postal variations. The soonest they are talking about it actually taking effect would be the middle of next year. So it is not a good thing for us. We hope they hold off as long as possible, but we are also cognizant of the total health of the USPS is at stake and they need to make changes. 
Deborah Crawford: He had a second question. 
Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company: What kind of adoption are you seeing on the Wii platform since its launch? Would the cost be higher or lower than your average?
Reed Hastings :  On the Wii were real happy with the first two weeks here. The application is working great. We are shipping more discs every day. We couldnt be happier on it and there is no particular cost difference from any of our other platforms.  
Deborah Crawford : The next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney - Citigroup. 
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup:  Can you provide anymore color on the HBO mentioned in the transcript, How Broad is This Deal? 
Reed Hastings : Mark the HBO deal is in reference to our HD and BluRay purchasing. That is that we figured out a 28-day dial deal with them like we had with Warner Brothers. 
Deborah Crawford:  He has a second question. 
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup:  Do you have any indications yet as to whether the 28-day windows are causing any satisfaction problems with your customers? 
Reed Hastings :  Yes our indication is our record low churn. We continue to improve our service by taking all of the savings from our 28-day and pouring it into more streaming. You see the net benefit in our record low churn. 
Deborah Crawford : The next question comes from the line of Ryan Hunter  Wedge Partners.
Ryan Hunter  Wedge Partners: As instant watch viewing increases are you starting to see subscribers change from multi-out to single-out subscription? If so, will lower operating costs from streaming offset the churn and if so, over what time horizon should we think about this leveling out? 
Reed Hastings :  Its not so much people who have been with us for a couple of years on a two-out or three-out switch down. There is a little bit of that, but its not material. Its mostly that as we grow, the new people coming in are differentially choosing our one-out, $9 per month plan. That is where you get the majority of the ASB effect from. We are very happy with the margin structure that, that generates for us and on the earning stream. So I hope that that answers your question.
Deborah Crawford: [Inaudible] 
Reed Hastings:  I think that the backfill on the switching the migration by price point, roughly 1% of subscriptions per month migrates down, while 1% migrates up; 1.1 or 1.2. On balance for the last quarter, we had 4500 more subscriptions migrate up than migrate down.  So in part we said if it happens a little bit on balance more than up, then that remains the current trend in the business. It just isnt a dominant consumer behavior. 
Deborah Crawford:  He had a second question. 
Ryan Hunter  Wedge Partners:  Vitamin Water recently aired an ad that mentioned searching Netflix for a guilty pleasure marathon. Is there a formal relationship or is this an example of Netflix becoming more of a part of social vernacular? 
Reed Hastings:  The latter, Ryan. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from David Miller  Caris & Company
David Miller  Caris & Company:  Of the $200 million in leverage, which was forced late last year, can you say what portion has gone to source streaming rights, what portion has gone towards stock buy-backs and what portion has gone towards working capital? 
Reed Hastings:  The question refers to the $200 million debt that we closed in November of last year. As you know from Q4 and Q1 results, cash flow from operations is positive and free cash flow has been positive. So all of the working capital needs of the business are self-funding and cash flow from operations includes all of the expenses and investments in content related to streaming. So that has been self-funding. So by default all of the proceeds have gone for either stock buyback or to replenish cash on the balance sheet and its been a combination of both. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next questions are from Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital
Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital: Why shift marketing expense to conference in the second half when you really have the opportunity to grow the subscriber base and can clearly fund the content funds other ways? 
Reed Hastings:  Doug, that is a legitimate question and I think probably either one would get us great growth. I just want to point out that when we invest in streaming content, that also attracts more subscribers because it improves the service. So they are both vehicles for growth. We make judgment calls between the two, but on the margin our results are not that sensitive to it. That is if it were $10 million or $15 million one way or the other, we would get really the same growth. Think of it as that we are continuing to invest adequately in marketing and generously in terms of streaming content, which is a strategy decision.  Our approach and objective with respect to the streaming is to improve the overall quality of the service by year-end. That serves the long-term strategic objective of improving the value proposition, which increases life-time value by lower return and improved word-of-mouth, which lowers SAC and the combination if you play in the most recent quarter than in the prior quarter.
Deborah Crawford:  The second question from Doug. 
Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital:  What is your view of the iPad, more of a new subscriber driver or another device for subscribers that will improve value, proposition, reduce return, etc.?
Reed Hastings:  Its a little of both. I think its a great device that will grow over time in both its impact and usage. As weve mentioned, we will expand onto the iPhone also. Of course thats a much bigger install base, but a smaller screen. Both of those will be good. I would say that both are a relatively small part of video viewing. Most of our focus is on television, either directly with Wi-Fi TV or through the BluRay player or through the video game console, but it is easy enough to support mobile so we are doing that also. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott:  When does the Starz contract come up for renewal? 
Reed Hastings:  We dont talk about the details of any of the contracts, but were not overly dependent on any single piece of content. Were continuing to grow our total content and we are confident we will be able to continue to grow that content this year, next year and going forward as we are able to invest more money in it, which we have been. 
Deborah Crawford: The next couple of questions are from Mark Harding  Maxim Group.
Mark Harding  Maxim Group:  First could you comment on the linearity of subscriber ads during the quarter?
Reed Hastings:  Historically what weve seen is seasonality effects in counter Q1 and counter Q4 with growth just after the Christmas holiday season. So back end loaded in Q4 and front-end loaded in Q1 and then growth during Q2 was back-end loaded and during Q3 it is pretty linear across the quarter.  Our growth patterns this quarter were less pronounced, with the growth in partners and the appeal of streaming. With the launch of Wii, weve seen sort of the non-traditional growth pattern during the 2nd quarter and incremental marketing spending around that growth as well. 
Deborah Crawford:  The second question. 
Mark Harding  Maxim Group:  Can you update us on the split between new releases and catalog DVDs? Can you provide any similar matrix for streaming; perhaps newer releases through your Starz relationship versus older titles? 
Reed Hastings:  Mark, on DVD we havent seen any material changes in years. Thats been a pretty consistent story. On streaming, we havent provided any color on the breakout between different types of content or images. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Ben Rose  Battle Road Research
Ben Rose  Battle Road Research:  Can the company share the number of subscribers who are utilizing streaming for virtually all their Netflix consumption? If not may you share that percentage in the future?
Reed Hastings:  It is a pretty small number, almost everybody watches DVDs also of our subscriber base. We dont have any plans to break that out. What we are focused on is driving up the percentage that does some screenings. We see that as our key metrics and that is why we developed it and I appreciate doing an update for everyone on it. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Wayne Chang  Canaccord Adams.
Wayne Chang  Canaccord Adams:  Could you speak a little bit more extensively concerning the levels of activation you have seen on all of the various connective devices, be it television, set top boxes, and portable devices such as the iPad? 
Reed Hastings:  Not particularly in terms of the levels of activation that we are going to talk about, but probably underlying the question is trying to get some insight as to how people are using the service. A key insight for you is that there is a significant amount of people who are watching on a PC and are watching with a PC hooked to a TV, which to us looks like a PC.  So dont think about it as the only thing that matters is the Xbox or the PS3. It is really a very broad usage pattern across a whole lot of devices, even in a given household. You will have people accessing Netflix from multiple devices and thats part of the strength of our service in really being an internet video service is to be on all of the devices that the internet is on and have consumers think of them as internet service across all of those devices. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Melinda Davies  Susquehanna Investment Group
Melinda Davies  Susquehanna Investment Group:  A question about the new distribution deal with Warner Brothers. Now that you have, Blind Side for example, do you have enough to fill the demand for DVDs? Are demands for Blind Side, 28 days after the DVD release, similar to what you have been seeing for new releases of this type in the past. We are trying to understand pent-up demand from Netflix subscribers or are Netflix subscribers shifting to Pay-Per-View and/or buying DVDs for the new releases and using Netflix for other content like older movies, TV shows, etc.? 
Reed Hastings:  Melinda there is a little bit of both as you would expect. There are people who, in terms of the 28-day, are turning to buying the DVD, especially because it is a widely promoted at Wal-Mart and other places. There are some that take Pay-Per-View because Warner Brothers is aggressive on the Pay-Per-View licensing. Thats really the intent of the deal.  In terms of the backlog, once it comes to the 28-day, we try to target to have enough DVDs to quickly clear that back wall pretty quickly. There is a little bit of guesswork based on that. We are still learning together with Warner Brothers and how to predict that, but thats the goal and intent. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Ralph Scharkar  William Blair
Ralph Scharkar  William Blair:  Why is Netflix committed to staying out of the 40 billion plus, transaction-based Pay-Per-View market if we include DVD rentals and sales? Why wouldnt content owners want me to sell new releases with the Netflix strong brand and digital distribution channel, but there will be multiple different storefronts going forward?
Reed Hastings:  That is an interesting question. I would say at times that content owners have wanted us to do that. I would say that we dont see that we dont see much added value in that. That is when we buy DVDs, we buy them from Wal-Mart, as consumers; from Wal-Mart or Amazon because they do a great job and that is what their main focus is. Our focus is on subscription and it is hard and it takes us a lot of work. That is probably the main reason that we dont do the selling of DVDs.  In terms of Pay-Per-View, then there is a very specific thing, which is, for example Xbox has for years had a big Pay-Per-View business. If we had also had Pay-Per-View as part of our service, it would have been a lot harder to get distribution on the Xbox. Similarly with PS3, then of course you see now with Wal-Mart entering the Pay-Per-View market online with Voodoo that many of those firms want to go after that business. So it is really much smarter for us, we think, to be out of that and not in a position of conflict and just to be focused on our subscription business. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Edward Williams  BMO Capital Markets
Edward Williams  BMO Capital Markets:  In terms of the iPad app, how does it affect your view of the mobile market for watching instantly? 
Reed Hastings:  I think that it doesnt change it, Edward. As I said a few minutes ago, we look at mobile for video viewing as a nice extra because it is pretty easy as opposed to fundamental and the TV based and laptop based screens; like a primary screen is the focus. 
Deborah Crawford:  The second question. 
Edward Williams  BMO Capital Markets:  How much of your shared buy-back program is left? On top of that, another modeling question. What should we assume for a tax rate in 2010? 
Reed Hastings:  The second part of the answer, probably 41% for the tax rate. The up-levels, at least in response to the question on the buy-back program, you should imagine that if we exhaust the current buy-back authorizations and that there will be additional buy-back authorizations. You should expect that to continue to be active in repurchasing stock. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next question is from Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company
Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company :  As you begin to acquire content for international streaming, would you expect the subscriber economics to be different from the U.S. business and how could this impact margins? 
Reed Hastings:  Jason, we will be able to talk more about international at the end of the year. In our guidance, it is built in the modest expenditures that we have planned for this year. 
Deborah Crawford:  A question from Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors
Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors:  Is the increase in stock-based compensation like we saw in Q1 a level that will be sustained throughout the year? 
Reed Hastings:  Probably so. Yes the margin low on new employee hiring during the year. The thing that should give you comfort that is likely to be true is that it was relevantly flat, plus or minus a couple hundred, thousand dollars last year and the year before that. The big drivers of incremental expense would be entries volatility both implied and actual and employee growth.  We are on a calendar year of review cycle. Generally it will be stable during the year and then shift over the calendar year boundary. 
Deborah Crawford:  The next set of questions is from Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley 
Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley:  With regards to growth margin, the recent week coupons you sent out offering 10% off the next monthly bill to users who install Watch Instantly on their Wii leads us to believe that streaming users are materially higher margin than non-streaming users given they watch less DVDs. Can you give us any idea of the margin difference between streaming and non-streaming users? 
Reed Hastings:  Scott, we are not commenting on gross margin for streamers versus non-streamers. You are right that if there is a shift, at a high level you are right that all things being equal, if there is a shift away from DVD towards streaming it could be an accelerated gross margin, but you should also remember that we have explicitly said that all things will not be equal. To the extent that there is more profit in the business, our objective is to re-invest the profit and improving the user experience so in that way margins are a managed outcome. Our objective is to take what would have been at higher margins reinvested in the business in order to drive faster subscriber growth and move over churn and lower SAC and increase competitive motes.
Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley: Then specifically on the Wii test, that was just ever aggressive product and marketing thats testing various [inaudible] the program you had referred to is just at this point?
Deborah Crawford : Second question from Scott Devitt. With Redbox considering a streaming service at a lower pr ice point than your $8.99 per month subscription, are you revisiting the idea of offering a streaming only subscription plan at a lower price point?
Barry McCarthy: No, Scott, Redbox does many things incredibly well but were not worried about them particularly as a streaming competitor. So anything they do in streaming doesnt affect how we think about that space.
Deborah Crawford : Finally, given the ever-expanding number of Netflix enabled devices, have you seen or do you expect to see consumers trading up to higher priced subscription plans in order to watch multiple videos simultaneously. Either multiple people in different rooms in the house, mobile users watching while others at home are as well, or to have Netflix enabled on greater than 6 devices.
Reed Hastings: In the next year or two we dont anticipate much of that. Its pretty much one account per family model I the near term.
Deborah Crawford : Next questions are from Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest: To your knowledge, are cable satellite subscribers who cancel citing your service in increasing numbers, if so, could that impact your ability to gain access to TV content?
Reed Hastings: Theres been a bunch of stories about so called cord cutting but we havent seen a lot of it. Netflix has a subset of the content available on [inaudible] in particular no sports so its not much of a substitute for the packages that MSOs offer. 
Deborah Crawford : He had a second question with regards to G&A.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest: What drove the increase in the quarter and should G&A stay around the Q1 level through 2010?
Reed Hastings: Two contributing factors primarily on the comp side. [CEO] swapped a very large percentage of its comp this year versus last year in the options and has a higher rate of expense so at least doubling down is [inaudible] the business that way. I find that encouraging and secondly the brand has grown. The [plaintiffs bar] has become more active and legal expenses as a consequence are up on a year-over-year and quarter over quarter basis. 
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets
Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets: First, theres a long term content question. As Netflix subscriber base grows and seemingly gets closer and closer to total subscribers for premium and paid TV networks such as HBO, Showtime, and Starz, does the company ever need to think about borrowing a page from their strategy and investing in unique, original content? Over the long term, it seems that for a video network to remain relevant to consumers, and ward off competition, it needs unique content. Otherwise, the check book becomes the main barrier to [entry] which is not sustainable. Do you agree or disagree with that thought?
Reed Hastings: Its a deep analysis but I would disagree. Your premises that video services such as HBO and Starz need original content to differentiate, and Im not in disagreement with that part, but what Netflix has to differentiate is the user interface, personalization on demand aspect of the internet, and [lab]. Our view is that we can remain a packager and be significantly differentiated from other services because our value add is not just the content, its all of the recommendations, how people interact with them, helping them match with content theyre going to end up loving. So our view is that we wont ever need to go into original series. I would certainly say that if we ever did, we would probably have the wrong CEO and we shouldnt be based in [Silicon] Valley and theres a number of other things that make that an unpromising avenue. So instead what were focused on is can we license the content as we have with Starz? We have some content from Showtime. Not yet anything from FX or HBO, and as those firms look at us, they can look at us two ways. One is geez, were another packager of movies and another potential competitor, or they can look at it as were a natural distributor for their original series. When you see the enormous success that Starz is having with Spartacus, that Showtime has had with Weeds, Californication and others, and of course HBO has for many years. You can see that those services are differentially good at the original series and so well be hopeful these lines of partnership will be us as a great distributor writing them big checks for their original content. We focus on packaging and they focus on the original series. 
Deborah Crawford : The next question is related to gross margin and the 28 day window. 
Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets: Did the new 28 day window deal with Warner Brothers have a meaningful impact on Q1 gross margin? Can you discuss whether it helped or hurt gross margins and the materiality of the impact? How do you see the 28 day window deals with Warner Brothers and other studios affecting gross margin for the balance of the year?
Reed Hastings: Ill let Barry talk about the gross margins as a whole, but you remember that what were doing is saving money on DVD and then plugging it into streaming. So if you ask a question are we saving money on DVD, the answer is yes. If were saving money on content, the answer is no because were making a choice to put the additional money into more streaming content which is a perfect preamble to remind everyone that gross margin in that way is a managed outcome.
Deborah Crawford : The last question from Barton. 
Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Markets: You say you intend to remain active this year in share repurchases. Your repurchase volume doesnt seem to have been affected much by the meteoric rise in Netflix stock. Are we anywhere near the price of Netflix shares that was what prompted you to scale back your share repurchase volumes? 
Barry McCarthy:  No. To expand on the answer, I would say that if you look at it in the rear view mirror, the stock looks expensive. I can remember when we were [inaudible] and the Wall Street Journal back in January and in the middle of last year for repurchasing at record high prices which now in retrospect look pretty [inaudible] so whether you think the stock is expensive or cheap depends entirely on your view [inaudible] the business and [inaudible] Netflix is a winner in a very large market than probably the target price at which youre willing to acquire the stock is relatively high and if in the alternative you think we get trampled or our margins get trampled in this space then perhaps its a low price that youre willing to buy and we have been and continue to be an optimistic view about our likely success in this space and as a result we have pretty aggressive targets at which were willing to buy stock and so far so good.
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co: What do you think attach rates are on the tens of millions of devices Netflix is now integrated with, and are mobile device partnerships incremental for new sub additions or are mobile devices just churn reducers for subs using watch instantly through other devices? 
Reed Hastings: The generous tens of millions that you refer to in devices, maybe two in the fall, as more devices sell and come to market with Netflix included in them. Thats a little aggressive for the current situation. In mobile I would say not sure if its a sign up vehicle or just one of the many platforms that someone watches. My intuition would be that its one of the many platforms that someone accesses Netflix with and that it helps, but either way its not that much work to put a client together for a mobile device so it makes sense for us.
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: With regards to Netflixs iPad app, can you talk about any trends in terms of subscribers or viewing that you have seen with the iPad?
Reed Hastings: I can say the wonderful thing about the Apple eco system is that it gets so much press and attention and so it brings a lot of press and attention to the company, obviously to this call in excess of its short term contribution to viewing or subscribers. In the long term the iPad is a very exciting device that has great potential but in the short term in comparison to the nearly 30 million households that have a Wii, its not a major contributor. 
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald  UBS.
Brian Fitzgerald - UBS: What are the most popular content categories on the streaming service?
Barry McCarthy: The beautiful thing about Netflix is that its adaptive to the individual pace. So if a subscriber really likes comedy, it will start featuring lots of comedy. If a subscriber likes drama, TV shows, horror, it adapts to their tastes. Thats our fundamental focus, which is learning the taste of each of our members and presenting them an experience that makes them feel how Netflix has all the stuff that I really want to watch so we really dont focus on programming for categories or types. Its really a broad set of content and then the real focus is on learning and adapting in the user interface for the particular case.
Brian Fitzgerald - UBS: Regarding Netflixs relationship with TiVo and their new premier set top box, this box will be deployed as the set top box for RCM end users. Will Netflix have to remove Starz content for those users so as not to conflict with RCMs offering?
Reed Hastings: To tell you the truth I didnt know about this TiVo RCM deal so Im not sure. I havent heard anything to that and I think I probably would have if there was such a conflict. So I imagine there isnt one.
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Nat Schindler - B of A.
Nat Schindler - B of A :   Your spend on the DVD library of just $37 million down 21% year-over-year and 35% year-over-year (both say year-over-year, one of them must be quarter-over-quarter) despite the steep rise in subscribers. Is this decline driven by the recent better library management and back catalog marketing, Time Warner contract, users substituting streaming content for DVDs, or simply a lack of big Hollywood hits in Q1 to buy?
Reed Hastings: Wed say none of the above. It reflects the shift in purchasing to rev share and the rev share gets expensed in the P&L and you dont see it. It flows through the statement of cash flows like Cap Ex for content purchasing on DVD stuff.
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Could you please give us some color on your churn rate for customers who are using streaming predominantly?
Reed Hastings: We dont break out the individual churn rates for different sectors. I would say overall were very happy with where churn is trending and you seeing churn coming down and streaming rising so thats a good thing.
Barry McCarthy: Just to amplify comments I made on last quarters call and in my commentary on the website, I attributed record low churn to the growth in streaming and made similar comments last quarter and so you should infer that subscribers who are engaged in streaming are incremental and happy and spend longer. 
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from John Blackledge - Credit Suisse.
John Blackledge - Credit Suisse: Would you expect to raise additional debt in 2010?
Reed Hastings: Not likely. We clearly could. I think weve got something like 0.74 turns of debt on the business but we have no immediate plans.
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Richard D. Skaggs - Loomis, Sayles.
Richard D. Skaggs - Loomis, Sayles: Share repurchase was substantial in the quarter, increasing balance sheet leverage on the surface. What do you see as an optimum of debt to capital ratio given the predictability of cash flows and other investment opportunities?
Reed Hastings: Still teasing that out and not prepared to talk about it publicly. We could very comfortably support 1.5 turns of debt. There is [inaudible] currently less than 0.8 to 1 but I would want the capital structure to be conservative enough so that the company, if we were ever challenged competitively, would never be constrained on the operating decisions we made to confront competition and I wouldnt want that leverage to get in the way of any decisions we might want to make in the future.  On the other hand, the business is growing rapidly. The competitive motes seem well established. Were very optimistic about their future, so why dont we put some calls in the context of our interests in using proceeds from [inaudible] financing to repurchase shares. 
Barry McCarthy: The bigger driver than how much leverage is just that were clearly not in a mode of trying to build our cash out. If we had not done any buyback over the last three years, wed have a $1 billion on the balance sheet. That sounds good, its a nice dress up line, but we are really happy with the decisions that weve made to keep cash pretty steady and to return that money to shareholders. That part we are happy to talk about. 
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: Can you explain the reasons for moving to Amazons AWS? Can you quantify potential savings?
Reed Hastings: Im not sure on the savings. Architecturally were big believers in the public cloud for any company that doesnt have Google or Facebooks scale. As you know, you get the big advantage of their vast resources. So we think it will help us with cost and it will help with reliability. Its obviously early in the public [cloud] movement. Well see a lot of new companies enter that space and the vigorous competition will help draw the prices down which will benefit for us if were architected for the public cloud.
Barry McCarthy: [inaudible] ability to incur the library for new platform launches in short periods of time.
Reed Hastings: Barrys got a good anecdote in that one. We moved our encoding facility out of our internal data center in Amazon about six months ago and when we got the sudden ability to do the Apple iPad and we had to do a very large encoding job, we would never have been able  it would have taken six months in our prior internal data center. Because of the elasticity of the public cloud, we were able to spin up thousands and thousands of encoding [inaudible] and do it in parallel. So youre right Barry that weve already seen good progress from that. 
Deborah Crawford : Your next question comes from Mario D. Cibelli - Marathon Partners.
Mario D. Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Will Netflix still deliver its last DVD in 2030?
Reed Hastings: Mario, I will personally deliver that last DVD in 2030 and yes, thats still our best guess on when we look at the DVD market. Our DVD shipments are continuing to climb throughout the country, even in the Bay area where you see this astounding, up to 24% of bay area households subscribing to Netflix, and our DVD shipments, DVD and Bluray combined are continuing to grow. So DVDs got a lot of legs there and 2030 is still the target.
Deborah Crawford : Last couple of questions and they are from Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Now that Netflix is available on the iPad and is expected on the iPhone, what is the likelihood that the Netflix app lands on Apple TV someday?
Reed Hastings: Apple declared themselves two months ago to be a mobile company that s focused on mobile, mobile, mobile, so Im not sure how much going forward theyre going to spend on Apple TV. If we decide to invest in it, that its something that would make sense for us. But at this point thats not their focus. Their focus is on mobile and will work with them on all those mobile platforms as we have been.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Given the increased focus on mobile devices and the incremental engineering costs associated with developing products for these platforms, do you see any opportunity to monetize this customer base differently? For example, offering a higher priced plan that includes mobile access similar to Bluray?
Reed Hastings: On the web, the basic model is that youre a web based or internet based service available on devices that have web browsers and speak internet. So thats the basic paradigm. As opposed to well, its one price on this type of PC, its another on a different machine, and were very much a webcentric internet video firm in that way and because of that we tend not to think about things like extra charges for certain modalities of access. We do think about charges for HD or more content, but thats across all of the devices that are simply to us internet access devices.
Deborah Crawford : Great. Operator, thats the last question I have. Before we conclude the call, I would like to turn the call back over to Reed Hastings for some closing remarks. 
Reed Hastings: Thanks Deborah and thanks all of you for joining us on the call. Q1 was another great quarter and as you can see from our guidance, were well positioned for continued growth and I look forward to reporting to you on our progress on next quarters call. 
Operator: This does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford  VP, IR Reed Hastings  Co-Founder and CEO Barry McCarthy  CFO
Analysts: Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company Ralph Scharkar  William Blair Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros.  Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Michael Pachter  Wedbush Morgan Securities Mario Cibelli  Marathon Partners Ben Rose  Battle Road Research Marianne Wolk  Susquehanna Financial Group  Brian Fitzgerald  UBS Imran Khan  JPMorgan Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart  Doug Anmuth  Barclays Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray Jeetil Patel  Deutsche Bank  Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company Mark Harding  Maxim Group  Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott Heath Terry  FBR Capital Market Jim Friedland  Cowen and Company Barton Crockett  Lazard Capital Markets John Blackledge  Credit Suisse George Askew  Stifel Nicolaus  Guy-Charles Valois  Galliant Capital  
Operator: Welcome to the Netflix fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I this time I will turn things over to Ms. Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead maam.
Deborah Crawford:  Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflixs fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. We released earnings for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. PT today. The earnings press release and the webcast of this conference call are available at the companys Investor Relations Website at ir.netflix.com. In addition, as noted in the earnings press release, managements commentary on the quarters results is also available at our Investor Relations website.  This conference call will consist solely of Q&A. As we have done for the past several quarters we are going to conduct Q&A via email. Please email your questions to me at dcrawford@netflix.com.  We may make forward-looking during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2009. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. PT today.  Before moving into Q&A I would like to turn the call over to Reed for some brief opening remarks. 
Reed Hastings :  Thanks Deborah and welcome everyone to todays call. As you can tell from our press release and from our commentary we posted on our website, Q4 was a great quarter. Over one million net new subscribers, strong earnings and a significant expansion in streaming. As our guidance for 2010 indicates we expect the momentum to continue.  With that lets go directly to Q&A.  
Deborah Crawford :  The first question comes from the line of Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors. 
Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors:  Is the bounty paid to the game platform manufacturers materially different than that paid to other customer acquisition channels? Is it higher or is it lower? 
Reed Hastings :  We dont disclose individual deals as you probably would expect. But what you can see is that as we have expanded with the various CD platforms including the game platforms that our subscriber acquisition cost has continued to come down nicely. From that you can intuit there is no significant model shift. 
Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors: Is the decline in SAC driven by more decline in ad rates, increased brand awareness or a reduction in the bounty you are paying for customer acquisitions? 
Reed Hastings :  Mostly brand awareness and the improvement in the product. The product fundamentally the service is better than it was 2-3 years ago because of the streaming. So that increased attractiveness makes it easier to sell, if you will, that combined with the large scale we are operating at is what is driving down the SAC as opposed to some change in the display ad markets or outside factors. 
Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors: With HBO, Starz and Showtime so focused on original programming do you expect as their respective studio output deals come up for renewal they will be less willing to lay out large amounts of cash, potentially opening up content for you to acquire? 
Reed Hastings :  On the first part they have had great success with episodic first HBO then Showtime and most recently Starz where Spartacus just launched and is a huge success for Starz. It hasnt lowered their appetite for movies. As an example, HBO pioneered episodic probably 7-9 years ago and has continued to renew their deals and be very focused on movie content. We are focused on being a distributor for those services. We are a distributor for Starz now. We would like to be for Showtime, HBO and Epics. That is the relationship that we want as opposed to trying to bid against them. That is just not necessary for us. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company. 
Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company: Will you be renegotiating content rights with the studios along the lines of what you have done with Warner Bros. for [day and date] releases? Help us understand the cost benefit to you. 
Reed Hastings :  I will broaden the question flatly to the 28 day question which is why did we do the Warner deal. I dont think it impacts the streaming directly. With Warner Bros. they wanted to create a window to improve sell through. As you well know in the book industry there is hard cover books for awhile and then paperback. That is a proper profit maximization strategy. They, and I think quite reasonably, would like to have DVDs for sale at Amazon, Wal Mart, Best Buy, etc. for some period of time before they are available for rental. We were willing to agree with them to work within that system which we hope and they hope will improve DVD profits and the DVD ecosystem. For us most consumers are not sure if DVDs come 90 days after the theatrical release, 120 days, 150 days, 180, it is all over the map. It constantly changes not only between studios but also between specific releases. So there is not a high expectation of any perfect day when it is supposed to be out.  There is potentially competitive risk if Redbox and others continue to be able to have availability [day in date] and it certainly appears that Warner is going to try and do, and the other studios, is to have us and the kiosks ultimately at the 28 day which creates the window for the studios. Video stores we are not sure what will happen there but they are closing so quickly it may not be that relevant in the next couple of years and kiosks and rental by mail together could create that window.  The advantage to us in doing the deal is cost savings. Warner has given us a huge number of copies up to 29th day at a very attractive price so we are able to fulfill all of the consumer demand and then we are able to use those savings to pour that into more streaming content. It is really a win all around in terms of what we are doing and that is why we are looking forward to expanding with other studios over the next two years as our deals come up. 
Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company: The Wii deal, what is the percentage of the total Wii installed base that is actually addressable in that relationship? Arguably you need connectivity to stream content which many older devices dont have. 
Reed Hastings :  Well that is actually one of the amazing things about the Wii. 100% of the devices of WiFi include [inaudible] of the 26 million installed base 100% are addressable by Netflix. So we are very excited about that. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Ralph Scharkar  William Blair. 
Ralph Scharkar  William Blair: Can you talk about Netflixs digital content acquisition strategy as it relates to new content? In other words, is it possible to get digital content closer to DVD release or possibly longer term getting DVD windowing rights? What are the business model pros and cons for offering newer digital titles? 
Reed Hastings :  We are not terribly likely to have equipped with the DVD streaming content in newness in the service. That is true for frankly any subscription service including HBO, Starz, etc. so the biggest advantage that Netflix has competitively is we can offer this subscription for the new releases on DVD and a vast catalog is potentially available for streaming. We fit into the subscription TV window in studio [par widths] which is the same window with HBO, Starz and others and within that there is a lot more content we can get that we havent yet licensed which is fundamentally us writing bigger and bigger checks to be able to purchase more and more content which is coming along nicely.  I would say the strategy is not particularly focused on how do we break through to get the newest new releases on streaming. It is much more how do we get every TV episode, every movie ever made, that catalog, an incredibly rich catalog and then to use our personalized merchandising to figure out which parts of that are relevant to each consumer so that when they turn on their TV or they go to the Netflix website the 20 or so movies listed are 20 movies that consumer is just dying to watch. 
Ralph Scharkar  William Blair: Can you talk about the subscriber? How did this quarter in terms of how many were purely streaming digital subscribers? Perhaps more broadly, are you seeing any measurable mix shift to subscribers renting less DVDs and converting to streaming only? 
Reed Hastings :  All of our subscribers pay for hybrid service so they get both DVD and streaming. Nearly all of them also take DVDs. So they really use both and again on DVD we have over 100,000 titles so it is just incredibly comprehensive. You can see why someone would do that.  In terms of the substitution question you asked, our long-term model is to be able as a percentage of our costs to pay a little bit less each year on DVD and Blue-ray as a percentage and to put more and more money into streaming. That is eventually where you will see this substitution. We are not able at this point to be conclusive about any substitution that exists because we dont have a good control set of subscribers that dont get streaming. So when we look at it we are very happy with the effect streaming is having but it is mostly coming in terms of additional growth. That is the one where we see it directly where it gets lower SAC and lower turn. More than it is a cost substitution. As you can tell from our P&L margin structure we are able to get enough digital content to have significant expansion in streaming and we are moving along each quarter in getting more and more content. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros. 
Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros. : It doesnt appear you were as aggressive as you would have liked to have been in terms of purchasing digital content in 2009. What prevented you from acquiring the rights to more content in 2009? What is the outlook for availability of content in 2010 and any comments or concerns with studio thoughts on Starz licensing digital content to Netflix? 
Reed Hastings :  There are a couple of key questions in there. We are very happy with the content that we have been acquiring. It is a small part of the content for streaming we eventually want to have but it is enough content that the percentage of subscribers viewing or streaming has significantly increased. In one quarter we went from 41% to 48% of our subscribers and remember the subscriber base is growing over that time also. I know we dont have everything that we want but we have a ton of content for subscribers and they are super happy with it. Again, as we write checks and are able with a larger P&L to write larger checks we get more and more content.  In terms of Starz specifically and Starz Disney we dont have any reason to believe there is going to be any change in that in the short-term. That is working well for us. We have a good agreement in place. In terms of long-term we are not dependent on any one content source particularly. The strength of Netflix is to have a very broad range of content. So we are not particularly troubled by those press reports. 
Barry McCarthy :  Let me supplement Reeds answer with perfect foresight we have been able to forecast the profit performance of the business and the subscriber growth we would have landed within the range of guidance. We would have spent to acquire content roughly the amount of money we had forecast. The business outperformed and we werent able to forecast that accurately and as a consequence we dropped more profit to the bottom line in Q4 than we had planned. If we had planned for it we would have managed to the 10% number and spent more on content. So perhaps your question in part is the weight of the outperformance in the quarter and that narrowly is a planning related issue. 
Reed Hastings :  That is a great point Barry. For investors typically, it is all a little variable, but it is at least six months from when we start to talk with a studio or network about a particular set of content to when a deal is signed and the content is flowing. So it is not stuff you call up and 30 days later you spent more money on the P&L. So these are long-term deals and each one takes quite awhile to negotiate. At any point in time we are in negotiation on a very broad range of content. 
Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros. : How did PS3 launch compare to Xbox 360 realizing you cant give any specific numbers? 
Reed Hastings :  PS3 was a huge success for us. Its advantages are that it has WiFi built into every unit. You can use Netflix without being part of an add-on subscription like [Gold]. The disadvantages are that it has a disc and we have to mail the disc to the consumer. Once they have the disc then it is very easy to use but that does introduce a delay. We are super happy with the traction the PS3 has had. Then in the fall we will be offering a downloaded option directly in the PS3 to the PS Network. 
Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros. : What data are you looking at that suggests streaming is the big reason for lower churn, i.e. exit surveys? 
Reed Hastings :  No, we are actually looking at retention data, the inverse of turn for specific cohorts of customers segmented by behavior. So there is some portion that dont stream. There is some portion that gets in hybrid behavior. There is some portion that streams only. I am looking at year-over-year comparisons in Q4 of retention behavior by subscriber period. First month and the individual months after that over their entire life. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square. 
Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square : Roku says they have sold 500,000 boxes, an impressive number. I assume most of those have connected to Netflix. If I added up all of the direct TV options you have; Roku, LG, Samsung, Sony, Xbox, etc. can you give me a sense of how many direct to TV Netflix homes there are? 
Reed Hastings :  I cant give you a direct sense. For one thing there are many people who use a laptop and then use a HDMI cable to the TV. That shows up as laptop usage. Then there is the class of Mac Minis where people do a similar thing and it shows up to us as a computer usage that goes to the TV. So you really dont want to think about it as the screen size. If the screen size is 12 inch in one category. If the screen size is 36 inch it is a different category. So when we thought about this over the last year we came up with a metric for your benefit and the benefit of investors which is the percentage of subscribers that we are streaming in the quarter and taking advantage of it. Again, the actual screen size is not the main factor. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Michael Pachter  Wedbush Morgan Securities. 
Michael Pachter  Wedbush Morgan Securities: Subscribers grew by 2.88 million in 2009 yet guidance for subscriber growth ranges from 3.23 million to 4.03 million. Does this guidance incorporate the introduction of the streaming only service during the year and if so would you please break out by mail subscribers expected compared to streaming only? 
Reed Hastings :  There is no formal plan, nor is it included in our guidance to introduce streaming only. Nor do I think it would change the forecast. In other words, if we thought it would open up an entirely new market of course we would do it. So we look at it and from our work with our subscribers and at $8.99 the hybrid is just so incredibly powerful that for now we are just going to ride that horse, concentrate on the brand proposition on that. 
Barry McCarthy :  One minor caveat by way of cleanup, the sub guidance is for domestic and international. International is very small. International will be streaming only. Domestic will not have a streaming only product. I want to emphasize international is very, very small. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Mario Cibelli  Marathon Partners. 
Mario Cibelli  Marathon Partners: Could you break down at all where streaming is coming from? PC, Xbox, Blue-ray players, Roku, etc.? If not, are there any standouts in the mix that might be of interest to you? 
Reed Hastings :  All of the devices you would think are significant that have big installed bases which are laptops, Windows and Macintosh and game consoles are very big. The next big category are Blue-ray because we got started early and that is continuing to grow really well for us. When we look at 3-5 year picture, being built into the TV is an obvious winner. We think that most TVs, almost all Blue-ray players sold this year in 2010 will have internet connectivity and Netflix. A substantial faction of TVs will have internet connectivity and almost all of those will have Netflix. Within 2-3 years my sense is WiFi is so inexpensive to add to TVs that they will be in every screen and we believe that Netflix will be part of that. So the long-term picture really driven by TVs, Blue-ray, but in the short-term video game and laptops are big contributors also. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Ben Rose  Battle Road Research. 
Ben Rose  Battle Road Research: Will Netflix simply absorb the gross margin improvements that occur to a rising percentage of streaming versus DVD shipments or can we expect the purchase of new Hollywood productions to offset such gross margin gains? 
Reed Hastings :  Hopefully we will see it coming in which case we will reinvest it in improving the quality of the user experience in more content. 
Barry McCarthy :  At least this year, we are targeting 11% operating margins and we will take it year by year. There is a pretty big prize out there and if we can reinvest additional margins essentially saved into more content that seems the smarter thing to do in the next few years. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Marianne Wolk  Susquehanna Financial Group. 
Marianne Wolk  Susquehanna Financial Group : The year-over-year decline in SAC was much lower than we have seen in the last few years. Should we anticipate positive growth in marketing spend per subscriber going forward and how does the marketing for Wii affect this? 
Reed Hastings :  If you look over the last 3-4 years marketing has declined as a percentage of revenue each year and as our revenue grows we think that will continue to happen including the special Wii marketing we will be doing. So that is included in our model. 
Barry McCarthy :  Returning back to Reeds comment earlier in the call, he observed one of the drivers of declining SAC was the organic growth which was tied to the quality of the service. To the extent we are able to improve the content offering and be the beneficiary of more platforms capable of streaming content to TV sets that should be a boost for organic growth which would be a plus for subscriber acquisition costs. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald  UBS. 
Brian Fitzgerald  UBS: It looks like your DVD library is pretty consistent at about 100,000 titles while streaming titles are up from roughly 12,000 in the summer to 17,000. How should we expect that to grow going forward? Would you expect 30,000 by year-end? 
Reed Hastings :  I should have avoided publishing the 17,000 update because it gets everyone focused on title count and you can imagine we could quickly license if we wanted to 100,000 irrelevant titles. So you really dont want to use title count as a proxy for attractiveness of the service. If we had 1,000 of the biggest titles that would make a much bigger difference than 10,000 others.  The substitute for title count that is more valid to think about is the percentage of our subs that are streaming. The way that increases is by adding more content, more platforms, better user interface, all of those coming together. Of course that metric moved up from 41% a quarter ago to 48% this quarter. So we are really thrilled with the progress of that and we are going to continue to push content in. So think of it as we put in content and get streaming content as we get the user interface better and the platforms all of those drive that up. We are trying to back off of title count as a significant metric. 
Brian Fitzgerald  UBS: Regarding the outlook for content acquisition are the discussions with Showtime, HBO or Epics for their content? 
Reed Hastings :  I guess the question is are there discussions ongoing and we have discussions with everybody so a very broad range. That doesnt imply that there is anything close on that. It is just an ongoing set of conversations with a wide range of networks and studios. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Imran Khan  JPMorgan. 
Imran Khan  JPMorgan: You bought back 7.4 million shares last year. Do you have any optimal number in your mind going forward? 
Reed Hastings :  Sorry, I am trying to think of how I want to answer that. We are going to be active as far as the stock this quarter and I anticipate we will continue to purchase shares throughout the year. Have in mind, we as a management team and our board think about using cash like we would any other productive asset. There is some minimum amount of cash we want to keep on the balance sheet and then we want to smartly deploy all the rest of it. If we cant deploy it in the business then we will deploy it to repurchase shares provided that the share price at which we would repurchase makes sense from an IRR perspective.  Now if you were optimistic about our ability to grow the size of the market, the subscriber base and future profits you probably have some pretty aggressive price expectations for the stock and if you dont you probably dont. Obviously we are pretty bullish on our ability to continue to grow subscribers, revenue, profit and free cash flow. So some pretty aggressive price points at which we are willing to acquire. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley. 
Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley: To what extent do you believe the ability to update ones queue via iFlix, Flixster and most CE partner interfaces have or will change Netflix website traffic patterns as measured by third-party services? 
Reed Hastings :  That is a nice oblique way to ask the comp store question. That is a credit to you. I am not sure how much. We will get more and more viewing from devices. Not that much queue additions per se from devices but certainly your point is right which is if someone is only measuring web interaction for Netflix they are going to miss more and more of the picture over time. That may contribute to a difficulty for web measurement firms in terms of measuring Netflix accurately. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch. 
Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch: What was the cause of the large quarter-over-quarter step up in CapEx and what are your expectations for capital expenditures in 2010? 
Barry McCarthy :  Let me take the 2010 question first. I think that would be roughly flat. They were flat 2008 to 2009 and 2009 to 2010. I think they will be flat in 2010 and vary deal on how successful we are or not pushing IT infrastructure into the cloud. The answer with respect to Q4 is we as I said were busy investing in route of return information for our Op Centers, our hubs, and that was the largest single CapEx expenditure in the quarter. 
Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch: What do you expect for the quarterly interest expense going forward? 
Barry McCarthy :  Well the interest expense is fixed and the yield on the bonds was 8-8.5 and we sold them at par. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney  Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: First, what kind of response if any have you sensed from your subscriber base with regard to the 28 day sales window? Any complaints? 
Reed Hastings :  No material complaints. Again, subscribers are just not that aware of when DVDs come out relative to theatrical. The first title that is so affected is the Invention of Lying which is just hitting. So we really even if there were complaints they wouldnt come up yet. From everything we have done before deciding to do this and seeing the results afterwards we are very happy with the decision. 
Barry McCarthy :  Let me just chime in and say that we have frequently spoken about the rental mix of new release versus catalog and in the most recent quarter I think catalog was 73% so the new release was 27%. Some people have speculated that is not a true measure of demand on the subscriber base and that if we released key demand by street date we would see an entirely different picture. In fact we see exactly the same picture. Key demand for new release in December was 27% which was the average disc shipment in the quarter. So you might not imagine that somehow we are frustrating demand and that is the reason that we primarily ship by catalog. There is no data to support that conclusion. 
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Currently what is the biggest obstacle to getting more streaming content? 
Reed Hastings :  Money. 
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: What caused the bump up in free subscribers in the quarter? 
Reed Hastings :  Typically each Q4, Q4 more than our other quarters is back loaded so there are more subscribers in their two week free trial at the end of the quarter. So that is a timing thing that is true each Q4. 
Barry McCarthy :  I will comment that the year-over-year accelerating growth you will see a shift towards free. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart. 
Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart : As we get more subscribers signing up because of streaming can we see churn going down even further? 
Reed Hastings :  Certainly it is possible that as consumers use the streaming more and more they end up having a more consistent relationship with Netflix rather than say turning it off in the summer and coming back in the fall. But it is also possible it is the other way that we get a broader demographic of subscribers that come in and they are very comfortable going out for a few months, going on, going out. So I would advise you to try to really focus on the net additions in the growth rather than the SAC and churn. That combination isnt the most material part of the business. It is really the net additions that I focus on. 
Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart :  By when can you have streaming titles more than 35% of total titles you carry? 
Reed Hastings :  If we had chosen to we could have had that years ago because we would have taken the 35 smallest titles, such and such yoga, studio blah and had it. So again, title count can be super misleading. What you really want to ask is when are we going to have 2/3 of our subscribers streaming. When is the content so good that 2/3 of our subscribers choose to stream and the answer to that question for you, I would guess about 1.5 years just based on current trends of what we have seen growing. 
Barry McCarthy :  I would think you alsoI have heard you observe in the past that it is not just about content. It is also about platforms. So it is about building the ecosystem around streaming and we have made a tremendous amount of progress in 2009 and we will continue to in 2010 with respect to platform growth and so that makes a larger investment in content economical. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth  Barclays. 
Doug Anmuth  Barclays: Q4 content acquisition was the highest it has been in two years. Should we think about that as a one-time step up related to the new Warner deal or is that more of a run rate going forward? 
Reed Hastings :  More of the latter than the former. It had a lot to do with moving out of rev share in Q4 and back into rev share in Q1 and timing of payables coming out of Q3. 
Doug Anmuth  Barclays: Curious to know why there is no on-screen presence for the Wii. I assume this is for contractual reasons with Sony? 
Reed Hastings :  He probably means with Nintendo. Yes, that is just reference on the way for systems to operate like any other game and we will go off and market the service as an incredible internet video streaming on the Wii. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray: Also with regards to the Wii, Wii is certainly a larger installed base than the other consoles but how do you feel about the Wii demographic versus the Xbox and PS3? 
Reed Hastings :  You know we will know a lot more after we launch but I think it is certainly true the PS3 and Xbox because they are more expensive, higher end boxes that do Hi Def are more video intensity so the question is the Wii installed base is significantly larger, and how do those wash out against each other? We look at all three as just great opportunities for us and we are continuing to push forward on all three. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Jeetil Patel  Deutsche Bank. 
Jeetil Patel  Deutsche Bank : What do the demographics of the new customers added in the past year look like relative to the existing subscriber base? 
Reed Hastings :  I dont think we know of any very big change in the demographics. It is people who love movies and TV episodes and that is pretty broad. We are getting the benefit of that. 
Jeetil Patel  Deutsche Bank : Do your newer customers have any different propensities? In other words, higher streaming usage, lower or higher churn, two DVD rental plan, lower utilization? 
Reed Hastings :  I would say over the last three years we have continued to gain confidence there is great competitive [notes] in commercial value and profits in our lower price plans. So if you look at us four years ago we were only the $17 and $18 three out. We got into the $9 one out and we expanded and we continued to do that driving low prices, large subscriber base and substantial profits because it is frankly a more defensible way to hold onto those profits. So continuing with that trend more and more new subscribers are taking the $8.99 hybrid, rent all the DVDs you want one at a time and all the streaming you want. You see that reflected in ARPU. Again, we see that as a competitive strength which is we can make money at these price points and that is hard for anyone else to attack us and be able to do the same thing. So it is a scale advantage we are investing in. 
Barry McCarthy :  You see that advantage translate in terms of profit in the gross profit per average paying customer. I thinkI am doing this from memory, $4.96 in the quarter. You have to look back two years before you find profit per sub number that is actually higher. So notwithstanding the lower price points and the investment in streaming the profit dynamics of the model, the scale advantages that Reed just talked about are clearly present. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company. 
Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company:  Have you started to started to negotiate with studios for international streaming rights? If so, how are prices for streaming likely to compare to US prices? 
Reed Hastings :  It is unclear how the pricing will work out on something we are still experimenting in and looking at. We will be able to talk more about international in the second half of the year. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Mark Harding  Maxim Group. 
Mark Harding  Maxim Group :  Does full-year 2010 subscriber guidance include expectations from an international launch? If so can you provide any color about a likely country service offering or pricing? 
Reed Hastings :  The narrow question from a modeling perspective is yes. But it is really small. 
Barry McCarthy :  We dont plan on giving any more information about what country, what price plans, what timing until we launch in the second half of the year. 
Reed Hastings :  We are doing that for competitive reasons, not to be difficult. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott. 
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott : How do you balance the need for cash for digital rights and repurchases? What is your willingness to increase leverage? 
Reed Hastings :  The first priority is to improve the service because that part of the cycle drives all kinds of good things; subscriber growth, revenue, profit and free cash flow. After that if there is surplus cash we think about repurchasing the stock. We are growing free cash flow by in round numbers sort of one-third each year. So we have ample opportunity over time to go back to the capital markets for more debt and maintain the same amount of leverage in the business and the business grows and streamingI dont want to say the streaming service, as the hybrid service becomes more mature and as we acquire more content and as we gain more scale and the business becomes more predictable then we might think more aggressively about slightly increasing the amount of leverage on the business. So we are at 1.3 times when we close the transaction. Is 2 conceivable? Possibly but I dont foresee a capital markets transaction in the foreseeable future. 
Barry McCarthy :  Your question implies some tension between digital content acquisition and repurchase which doesnt exist. The digital content is not free cash advance oriented. So we are P&L constrained in terms of generating profit as opposed to cash constrained on the digital content. 
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott : Was the sale of Roku recorded as a gain this quarter? 
Reed Hastings :  It was recorded as a gain. You can see it in the statement of cash flows and you have seen it in our SEC disclosures. The investment was carried at $5.7 million. We booked a gain pre-tax of about $1.7 million. After tax that translates to $1,035,000 on an EPS basis it equates to just around $0.02. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Heath Terry  FBR Capital Market. 
Heath Terry  FBR Capital Market:  Are there any reasons, legal, technological, etc. that you couldnt develop a streaming application for the iPod? Would your current streaming service work on the device? 
Reed Hastings :  We havent yet done or submitted an iPhone application. We are optimistic that post the Google Voice brouhaha it would be approved. There is really no way of knowing in advance what Apples stance would be on that. Of course that application if it works on the iPhone it would work on the iPad. It is not a huge priority for us because we are so focused on the larger screen. Until we get our TV ubiquity and our Blue-ray ubiquity and we are getting close on video game ubiquity we would next turn to the small screen. It is just not a primary movie watching. It is something we will get around to but it is not in the near-term. 
Heath Terry  FBR Capital Market:  How many of your studio relationships come up for renewal this year? 
Reed Hastings :  Think of it as there is a ton, over 50 varied content deals. So it is not one per studio. It is hundreds of content deals. So they are individual sets of content that are negotiated and priced with varying durations and of course we are careful to make sure they are fairly distributed and staggered in their expirations so that we can manage it to a fairly steady flow of content coming in and us buying more and more content. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Jim Friedland  Cowen and Company. 
Jim Friedland  Cowen and Company: The rate of decline in ARPU has slowed over the past four quarters. Is it reasonable to assume that as the streaming catalog and watch instantly usage grows ARPU will trend towards $8.99 or will you introduce multiple pricing tiers for different usage levels of streaming content? 
Reed Hastings :  The thing to think about is the Blue-ray so we are a little over 10% with Blue-ray and that is a $2 supplement. There is the trend towards the $8.99 but for those subs that want Blue-ray it is $2 more so $10.99 and that gives a little softening effect on the ARPU decline. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Barton Crockett  Lazard Capital Markets. 
Barton Crockett  Lazard Capital Markets:  With regards to paid TV rights, will Netflix seek to bid against paid TV networks such as Starz for exclusive rights to new movies in the pay TV window? 
Reed Hastings :  At this point we are looking to try to work with the existing pay TV services; Epic, Starz, HBO and Showtime and to be a distributor so we are writing them big checks partially because that includes all of their amazing original content. That is our primary strategy at this point. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of John Blackledge  Credit Suisse. 
John Blackledge  Credit Suisse:  After console deals where does growth come from in 2011 and beyond? 
Reed Hastings :  That is a great question that we ask ourselves too which is the incredible accelerating growth we have seen in the past three years is it mostly linked to the expansion first of streaming on laptops and then to the devices that have large installed bases. Frankly we are just not sure. That is one thesis. The other thesis is we are on the beginning of the streaming adoption S-curve and we will continue to grow into the installed bases. That is all of our subscribers have laptops to watch movies on and many of them have internet enabled Blue-ray players so we may be able to string that together. We will know more in the second half of this year as to the shape of those curves but even in the more conservative case in the midpoint of our guidance for the year we are looking at about 30% subscriber growth annually which is phenomenal. 
Barry McCarthy :  To supplement Reeds response, he made I think the most important point. A minor point links back to an earlier observation which is that WiFi is becoming ubiquitously available in TV sets so game platforms and other devices are sort of Gen One of the technology as it evolves into sort of a more general purpose device accessible by anyone and any competitive service but also accessible by Netflix. So with every television set purchased in the United States in 2011 can connect to the Internet they could all be Netflix subscribers. 
Reed Hastings :  That is a great point. In the optimistic case we will ride the broadband to the TV market which will grow hugely year after year after year for the next 10 plus years. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney  Citigroup. 
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup:  With regard to household penetration can you give us the updated numbers for Q4 for San Francisco Bay area and the rest of the country? 
Reed Hastings :  Bay area in Q4 was 22.6% up from 21.2% and the rest of the country was 10.8% in Q4 up from 9.6% in Q3. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch. 
Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch:  Long term can you sustain unlimited streaming with an $8.99 price point? 
Reed Hastings :  We are not sure. It depends on how many subscribers want to have because the content is mostly fixed cost to produce and divide. Certainly if you had enough subscribers you could make the content holders very happy by writing them large checks and still have a big profit. So it is all a scale opportunity and we are focused on trying to be the largest scale of this internet, commercial free subscription services. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of George Askew  Stifel Nicolaus. 
George Askew  Stifel Nicolaus :  You state that 48% of subscribers use streaming content in the fourth quarter. What is the percentage if you look only at subscribers added in 2009 or in the last few quarters? 
Reed Hastings :  We dont have separate breakouts for each of the cohorts, at least not that we are doing for public disclosure. It is certainly true that newer subscribers that are introduced to streaming right in the beginning as part of their Netflix service are using Netflix at slightly higher rates than someone who has been a DVD subscriber for us for six years and in their heads we are a DVD service. That will change over time and those cohorts will come together. 
George Askew  Stifel Nicolaus :  With regards to the Wii advertising what is the nature of the advertising online as opposed to offline and what might be the range of your spend? 
Reed Hastings :  The spend is included in our marketing plans. I dont have a break down for you of the type of advertising. We will do what we view as most effective. 
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Guy-Charles Valois  Galliant Capital. 
Guy-Charles Valois  Galliant Capital :  Would you expect operating margin to be higher or lower than current levels on a 100% streaming business model? 
Reed Hastings :  I think the long-term operating margins will be determined more by the amount of competition. If there is 3-4 fairly equal players in a large market you would expect the operating margins to be lower. If there is 1-2 you would expect the operating margins to be higher. So the actual streaming costs are quite low. The content costs, there are no hard costs it is just what we pay for it. Again, I think the way to think about it is what will be the likely competitive structure of the future market and from that you can get a model of what the long-term operating margins would be.
Barry McCarthy :  Along the way for a number of reasons [inaudible] a market share gain and driving hard for growth. We could in the alternative pursue a skimming strategy and take operating margins up. It is a conscious decision to do the former and not the latter. 
Reed Hastings :  To deepen our competitive modes with large scale, low prices.  
Deborah Crawford :  The next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald  UBS. 
Brian Fitzgerald  UBS:  Any color or numbers you can share with us on the average number of Netflix streaming devices in the household? How has that penetration been trending? 
Reed Hastings :  The average number of laptops in a house in America is probably 1.5. I am just making up numbers. I dont really know. You have ever laptop you have the Roku, the video game consoles. I guess I dont have any value to add in that answer. 
Brian Fitzgerald  UBS:  A related question, are you seeing any substitution within the household from one device, say a Sony TV, over another, an Xbox or a TiVo? 
Reed Hastings :  No, our main focus is on streaming per se and it doesnt really matter to us if it is streaming to a laptop, streaming to a laptop plugged into a TV, streaming to a Blue-ray to a TV, streaming directly to a TV. That is all a great consumer experience so we are just trying to make all of those experiences better and better. 
Deborah Crawford :  Operator that was the last question that I have. 
Reed Hastings :  Thank you everyone for joining us on the call. Q4 was a record setting quarter and it capped off a great year in which we saw accelerating subscriber growth powered by streaming. We expect the growth to continue which you will see reflected in our guidance and I look forward to reporting on our progress with you on our next quarters call. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  That will conclude todays conference call. Thank you all for joining us. Have a great afternoon.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-23 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford  VP, IR Reed Hastings  Co-Founder and CEO Barry McCarthy  CFO
Analysts: Christa Quarles  Thomas Weisel Partners David Miller  Caris & Company Steve Frankel  Brigantine Advisors Ralph Scharkar  William Blair Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Company Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Barton Crockett  Lazard Capital Markets Doug Anmuth  Barclays Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott Imran Khan  JPMorgan Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray Brian Fitzgerald  UBS Jason Helfstein  Oppenheimer & Company Eric Wold  Merriman Curhan Ford Heath Terry  FBR Capital Market Nat Schindler  BoA/Merrill Lynch Ben Hur [ph]  Battle Road Research Scott Devitt  Morgan Stanley Jim Friedland  Cowen and Company
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Netflix third quarter 2009 conference. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead maam.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflixs third quarter 2009 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys Co-Founder and CEO, I'll dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 25, 2009. We released earnings for the third quarter at approximately 1:10 PM Pacific time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and this conference call are available at the company's Investor Relations Website, at www.netflix.com. A re-broadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix Website after 6 PM Pacific time today. Finally, as we noted in the press release, we are going to conduct the question portion of the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to me, dcrawford@netflix.com. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Reed.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah, and welcome everyone to our call. As I say every quarter, our goal is to grow revenue, subscribers and earnings while we expand into streaming. In Q3, we again delivered on that goal and Netflix is on track for a record year in 2009. In Q3, we grew our subscriber base 28% over the prior year, due to our compelling consumer proposition of unlimited streaming and unlimited DVD rentals for $9 a month. In Q3, we generated record revenue of $423 million, up 24% from a year ago. Operating income was $49.3 million, up 45% from a year ago. Net income was $30.1 million, up 48% year-over-year, and EPS was $0.52, up 58% year-over-year. Of the 115 million estimated households in America, 9.6% now subscribe to Netflix. In the greater San Francisco Bay Area, which we believe is a leading indicator of Internet behavior elsewhere in America, 21.2% of households now subscribe to Netflix, up 13% or 240 basis points from 18.8% one year ago. As you can see from these metrics, our momentum is strong and growing. In terms of our DVD base competitors, we see no change in trend. Stores are closing, while DVD by mail and kiosks are growing. Our disc shipments continue to increase last quarter, and we expect disc shipments for Netflix to grow for several more years as video stores close and as our subscriber base expands. Our rollout of Saturday shipping is now complete across our 58 distribution centers, and we have been working on automation of our distribution centers for many years, and shortly, we will place a roughly $40 million automation order for rental return machines that can accept the returning DVDs, open them, clean them, inspect them, and prepare them for reshipment. These machines will save us some money and improve the quality of our service. They make financial sense because our DVD shipment volume is still growing and we expect to be renting DVDs until 2030. This is the last of our DVD automation project and these machines will be installed over the next 18 months. Stepping back to look at the DVD market as a whole, the studios are wrestling with declines in DVD sales, while the DVD rental market has been modestly growing. Some of the sales decline is due to tighter consumer budgets and some of it is due to the emergence of $1 rental. One of the mitigating steps that some studios are considering is introducing a DVD retail sales-only window for a few weeks. The vast majority of DVD sales happen in the first few weeks of a titles release. By way of comparison, the book industry generally releases more expensive hardback versions first and then releases some less expensive paperback version of its best-selling books. If studios adopted this model, it would likely increase studio profits on DVDs. In the EU, due to different law, studios can and do dictate differential sales and rental purchasing terms. In some studios, you sales only windows in the EU today. In the US however, unlike the EU, rental firms can purchase DVDs at retail and rent them legally. So, rental and retail are offered concurrently to the consumer, even though this is not likely the profit maximizing strategy for the studios. Occasionally, a studio tries to find ways to restrict a rental firms ability to buy at retail. But retail is so big and diffused, this strategy has never worked. Four [ph] years ago, Blockbuster in an attempt to have an exclusive in rental, paid the Weinstein company to block all purchases of their films by Netflix. This attempted blockade continues today. But we have never had a problem buying Weinstein DVDs, such as the Academy Award winning Vicky Cristina Barcelona through retail and third parties. Along the way, we have also found that buying used copies of Weinstein titles was very attractive and saved us money. The larger a title is, the better our used purchase works, because there is liquidity in the supply chain. Returning to the theme of rental or segments of rental coming after DVD sales in the US, we are fortunate that this would be a voluntary option for us and would only happen if it made economic sense. If some studios choose to support a sales-only window and rental and delay rental, it would shrink the rental market a bit, but it would grow sales revenue for those studios. If we can agree on low enough pricing for delayed rental, it could potentially increase profits for everyone. Because we are less dependent on new releases than our DVD-based competitors, we may be in a position to move to this model earlier than our DVD-based competitors. A short sales-only window would be a benefit to DVD sales and therefore to the health of the DVD ecosystem, plus it would allow us to spend less on discs and more on streaming content. For now, there is a lot of modeling and strategic discussions going on, and we will see if sales-only windows become a reality at some studio or to over the next year. In terms of streaming, we continue to spend heavily on streaming content. We think our new content deals will pay off in terms of greater consumer appeal and therefore more CE companies will want to include our service in their TVs, their Blu-ray players and their video game consoles. How do we gauge our success with streaming? Mostly, we focus on the overall health of the business, growing earnings, revenue and subscribers. But the percentage of subscribers watching instantly is a good, early proxy metric for streaming success. Title count for streaming is not a good proxy, since quality is more important than quantity, and device partnerships also need to be weighted by volume. We will be using title count and platform count metrics less going forward, and instead, we are going to expand our quarterly disclosure to include what percentage of subs watch instantly at least one TV episode or movie in the quarter or to be precise streams at least 15 minutes of such content in a quarter. One year ago, approximately 22% of our subs instantly watched a TV episode or movie in Q3. Most of those 22% watched more than one TV episode or movie, but all 22% instantly watched at least 15 minutes. For Q3 of this year, that figure has grown to about 42% of subscribers. When you consider there our sub base is 28% larger than a year ago, this means that the raw count of subscribers engaged in streaming has more than doubled over the last year. Eventually, there will be seasonality in this number as there is a DVD usage, but in the near term, it is a good marker of increasing streaming adoption. For comparison, nearly every subscriber took one or more DVDs in the quarter, which is testament to the importance of the hybrid model. We dont see watching one TV show or movie in a quarter as sufficient, but its a good start, and we hope to expand the number of subs doing at least that as we move forward. When I look at our forecast for 2010 and beyond, I am struck by the fact that we expect our postal expense will be approximately $600 million and growing as our disc shipments grow. We expect it to be over $700 million the following year in 2011. In the long term, as we license more and more content for streaming and as consumers use streaming more, that enormous and growing postal expense will start to flow to content owners, and we will become one of the studios and networks largest customers. The rate of evolution for this depends both on how much streaming content we can license and how many homes have a Netflix-ready device or enjoy watching video on a laptop. Assuming that video develops, where sometimes that is just a threat to cable companies overtime. Well, cable has several businesses. As to their video business, Internet video such as Hulu, Netflix, and Mob.com are of course over the long term a possible substitution threat for some customers. For the cable broadband business however, Internet video is not a threat, but instead is the killer app driving adoption of high-end broadband packages. The broadband business for cable has won huge advantage over the video business. No content costs and therefore huge gross margins. In terms of broadband competitors, other than fiber, none of the other companies are technologies such as DSL, satellite Internet, power line Internet, or wireless are very promising for streaming high-definition content. So, while cable video has intense competition from local fiber and two national satellite companies, cable broadband has only local fiber to content with for true high-speed Internet. As we see it, the growth of Internet video is like to boost overall cable profit. If we arrive, satellite will shrink in subscribers eventually, and we should overtime be able to do co-promotional deals with cable and fiber broadband providers, as our service is one of the Internet videos key applications that showcases the high-end broadband packages. In terms of subscriber guidance, you will notice that we raised our Q4 numbers. We intend to launch a partnership with a CE firm later this year that has a material installed base, and growth from that partnership is now included in our guidance for Q4. We will have more to say about this partnership shortly but no more on this call for contractual reasons. Looking at next year, given our success to date on streaming with domestic consumers, with global studios and with global CE companies, we are planning our first international effort in the second half of 2010, which would include streaming but not DVD. Our basic approach is to start small, prove out our model and then expand into other countries one by one. For competitive reasons, we wont be more specific at this time about which market is first in our expansion. We intend to maintain a 10% operating margin in the business overall as we expand internationally, and we believe our global expansion is compatible with 10% annual operating margins. At this point, we dont see any need to invest more aggressively when this enables. We will understand more about our potential to become a global firm after we have succeeded in some specific international markets. To close, Internet video is growing industry wide, and our strategy of not competing in the big crowded markets of pay-per-view and add supported video is working well for us. Commercial-free movie subscription is big enough for us, and in that segment, Netflix has many unique strengths. Thank you for listening, and now we will turn it over to Barry.
Barry McCarthy: Echoing Deborahs comments, I would also like to thank you for joining todays call. As we said, we made great progress in transitioning our business model to a hybrid service, which includes both streaming and DVD distribution of content. We made our first investment in streaming content 11 quarters ago in early 2007. For competitive reasons, we have said little about our progress to date, including subscriber engagement with streaming and the economic model associated with the hybrid service or how it would scale. Today is the first time we talked a bit about the substantial degree of subscriber engagement with our streamed content, even if DVD shipments continue to grow strongly. And we disclosed our plans to make Netflix available on an additional device in Q4, which will accelerate our already fast sub growth. We see that faster growth reflected in our upwardly revised guidance for Q4, our third consecutive quarter of upwardly revised guidance. For the full year, we are now projecting net sub growth of more than 2.7 million subscribers measured from the midpoint of guidance. Thats 77% higher net sub growth than the midpoint of our January full-year guidance forecast. I think its clear from our Q4 guidance as well as our Q3 results that the consumer appeal at streaming is broadening our available market and contributing importantly to our strong growth in revenue, net income and EPS as well as subscriber growth. The business continues to outperform our expectations, and I would like to spend a few moments talking about the key drivers of performance for the quarter. Next, I will update you on our guidance for Q4, comment briefly on our expectations for Q1 of next year, and close by summarizing our share repurchase activity last quarter. For Q3, growth and net subscriber additions accelerated on a year-over-year basis for the second consecutive quarter. Acquisition was strong across all marketing channels. Organic growth related to the broad appeal of the streaming service sustained the trend of year-over-year decreases in SAC. Record low Q3 SAC of $26.86, down 17% year-over-year and up slightly as impacted from Q2. As we said last quarter, we expect SAC to drop in Q4. Momentum associated with the launch of a new CE device will be the primary contributor to lower SAC in Q4. Gross margin of 34.9% improved to 80 basis points sequentially. In spite of a small seasonal increase in DVD usage, lower content spending on DVD was the primary driver of the sequential margin expansion. Free cash flow in the quarter was $25.5 million, down 3% on a year-over-year basis and 3% sequentially. Increased CapEx for DVD almost entirely offset the growth in net cash provided by operating activities and together with an increase in purchases of hardware explains the decline in free cash flow on a year-over-year basis. The sequential decline in free cash flow is also related primarily to increase CapEx spending for DVD and hardware purchases to support growth, partially offset by an increase in cash provided by operating activities. And now, a word about our upwardly revised Q4 guidance. Another CE device launch means accelerating sub growth. The threshold questions are when will we launch in Q4 and how broadly will our service appeal to the installed base of device owners. There remains some uncertainty that the answer to both questions and this uncertainty is reflected in our Q4 subscriber guidance. Launch of the new partnership has important implications for next years Q1 growth and profit. We are expecting to grow a much faster than the Streets consensus forecast and as a result the consensus Street estimate for subscriber growth and marketing expense is too low. And the consensus Street estimate for operating income and EPS growth is too high as compared with our expectations for the business. As many of you know from historical experience, Netflix marketing expense climbed as a percent of revenue in periods of rapid sub growth. This growth pressures operating margins and net income. In addition, because we are forecasting faster sub growth, I expect Q1 operating margins to climb slightly on a year-over-year basis. As is our custom, we will provide more complete Q1 and full-year guidance when we report Q4 results in January. But we remain committed to approximately 10% operating margins for the full year 2010. In closing, I would like to update you on the status of our stock buyback efforts. Since inception of our first buyback program in Q2 of 2007, we repurchased a total of 17.8 million shares for a net reduction in total outstanding shares including stock option grants of 18%. In total, we have spent approximately $545 million, which is more than we have in total assets at the end of the third quarter. In Q3, we repurchased 3 million Netflix shares at a cost of $130 million. In the process, we completed the buyback authorized in December of 2008 and began repurchasing shares under the $300 million buyback authorization we announced in August. Under the $300 million authorization, we have repurchased a total of 2.7 million shares at a cost of $122 million, including 1.2 million shares purchased Q4 to date. Last quarter, we announced plans to modestly leverage our balance sheet to fund future share repurchases and that remains our objective. We recently closed $100 million revolving credit agreement with Wells Fargo and BOA to begin the process of leveraging the balance sheet, and we will likely consider additional debt financing. In summary, the business has outperformed our expectations and growth is accelerating. At the same time, we are making great progress with our streaming initiative. The model is strong and the balance sheet is healthy. That concludes my prepared remarks, and now I will turn the call back over to Deborah for the Q&A portion of the earnings call. Deborah?
Deborah Crawford: Thanks, Barry. The first question is from Christa Quarles at Thomas Weisel Partners. She is asking for an update on epic, is there still a possibility to strike a content arrangement?
Reed Hastings: Its Reed. We are talking to a really broad range of content providers all the time, trying to work out deals. So, nothing specific and no specific comments on epics, but we are all talking to all of them.
Deborah Crawford:
 :
Reed Hastings: We will be able to give you more details on international probably later next year. For now, we just wanted to give everyone a heads up, but you know, its coming and it fits within the 10% operating margin model.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from David Miller at Caris & Company. Can you confirm whether or not you have reached with Microsoft on your Xbox streaming deal, if so can you disclose economics?
Reed Hastings: I cant disclose on either of those.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Steve Frankel at Brigantine Advisors. At this point, does watch-instantly have more impact on customer attention or customer acquisition?
Reed Hastings: Theres no easy way to separate a positive impact of streaming between acquisition, retention and also on DVD substitution or costs, because we dont have a set of customers that are not permitted to get streaming to compare it with. So, what we are seeing is we are investing a lot in streaming, and overall subscriber base is growing at a fantastic and accelerating rate. So, we are very encouraged by that. Streaming is gets news broadly, you know, we talked about a year ago, roughly 20% and now over 40% of subscribers using it. So, we are feeling very good about that evolution, but we dont  without a control group, we cant be certain which of those attributes are most affected by streaming.
Deborah Crawford: And a second question, if most of the new customer acquisitions tend to be at the lowest cost monthly plan, does the company need to modify its customer acquisition methods to lower SAC in order to maintain margins?
Reed Hastings: No, we are extremely happy with our customer acquisition engine. Its working very well for us.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Ralph Scharkar at William Blair. Is competing digital service offerings ruled out on Blu-ray, HDTV, cell phones, etcetera, both electronic sell-though and digital VoD, will this be complementary to the Netflix digital service or a competing digital service?
Reed Hastings: When we look at pay-per-view and advertising-supported video as mostly complementary, obviously there is some substitution for time, but their difference in those models that coexisted on many systems quite well. We are staying focused on the one segment of subscription with commercial-free, there are other companies, Hulu, YouTube, etcetera on the advertising and then many firms on the pay-per-view, Amazon, Blockbuster etcetera. So, I would say its substantially complementary to the degree that those other services are on devices.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Youssef Squali at Jefferies & Company. Q4 guidance implies net margins of 5.3% at the midpoint, the lowest we have seen in seven quarters. What is driving that?
Barry McCarthy: We are on a pace to slightly overshoot the 10% operating margin that we got into for the full year and in my remarks, I implied that we would be taking steps to further leverage the balance sheet. And so, those costs fall between the operating margin and the net income line. And so, you see that reflected in net income as a percent of revenue, but then there will be some additional reductions. If we incur those expenses and the number of outstanding shares, which would offset those costs before they show up NTF [ph].
Deborah Crawford: And second question. Both Comcast and Time Warner Cable are preparing to launch online on-demand services, allowing their subscribers to stream TV content at no extra charge. How do you expect that to affect your on-subscriber signups and the proposition from the streaming service?
Reed Hastings: We will have to see overtime, you know, the demos that we have seen early of the, you know, Comcast experience are quite impressive, they are doing a great job through the Fancast outlet of offerings, you know, the shows that you subscribe to on cable. So, their advantage is that they have also got customers as cable subscribers; our advantage is we have also got them as DVD subscribers. And it may be that there is really not much conflict that people subscribe to cable to get all the sports and all the incredible variety, and they subscribe to Netflix to get the DVDs and they use our streaming and cable streaming quite comfortably. So, we will have to see how that evolves. Presumably overtime, cable will expand beyond the particular footprints. Right now, most of the models are, you know, you can only use it at home, you cant use it like when you are at a hotel, the portable, the Internet focus, which of course, our service you can. Those are probably things on the margin. I think the core thing is that consumers may not see it as a conflict, though they will think that Netflix is streaming a DVD and they subscribe to that and they think of cable as all of the sports program, the hundred channels and they will stay subscribing to that.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup. What are the top three complaints that you hear from your existing watch-now customers and what are you doing to address them?
Reed Hastings: Mark, we really dont have watch-now customers. We have Netflix customers and virtually everybody, well first say, everybody does DVD and then is increasing percentage to streaming. But if you mean what are the complaints about the streaming service, you are probably at the top of the list of desired improvements would be more content, broader content selection. Other ones would be on more of My TVs [ph] or more TVs. So today, we are on a few devices, we are trying to get that expanded to many more devices, and we are making great progress on that. So, first is content, second is platforms, and then third is being able to choose right on the TV. We made a real step forward on our Xbox user interface where you can on Xbox choose a particular movie as opposed to choose them on their PC and then watch them on the device. That technology for choosing on the TV is something we will spread to other devices and other platforms. That will continue to make progress. So, those would be the big three that we are working on.
Deborah Crawford: The next couple of questions are from Barton Crockett at Lazard Capital Markets. The first, Liberty CEO, Greg Maffei stated that the company  at the companys recent Investor Day that Netflix should pay more for STARs content, can you update us on your outlook for retaining STARs content and the amount you may have to spend for that? Do you expect to retain STARs content through all of next year?
Reed Hastings: STARs deals multiyear ahead, and we feel good about it. So, no issues there.
Deborah Crawford: The second question is regarding the share repurchase and debt facility. You spent $130 million on share repurchases this quarter and exited with $156 million of cash and short-term investments, you have another $100 million available under your new debt facility, under what circumstances would you tap that facility to fund more share repurchases and how much cash and investments do you intend to keep on the balance sheet?
Reed Hastings: We do have a minimum number of  the minimum amount of cash that we intend to keep on the balance sheet that we are not commenting about that publicly. And to rephrase the question, and I think they are asking, would we be prepared to buy at current levels, and the answer is, yes. And just a question, why, and through it does, being it for the value obviously.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Doug Anmuth of Barclays. Is lower fulfillment due to fewer discs and a shift of streaming your 11.7% operating margin was much higher than the 10% outlook that you laid out last quarter, how should we think about that going forward before the international launch? I guess theres two parts.
Reed Hastings: About the 10% operating margin, we said on last quarters call that we were targeting an annual average on a calendar year basis, so there will be some perturbations quarter-to-quarter. And with respect to fulfillment expense, I mean the question was, was the down field the same?
Deborah Crawford: Fewer discs and shift of streaming?
Reed Hastings: Not so much. Last quarter, we wrote off a prototype expense with automation that we have talked about, and we moved to Baywatch facility into the Midwest, and this quarter saw some labor savings associated with that transition.
Barry McCarthy: Last quarter, in Q2 right?
Reed Hastings: I see that.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Tony Wible at Janney Montgomery Scott. Your guidance on subscribers and revenues seems to imply, ARPU will decline more in 4Q. If this is the case, it would also imply that you are expecting the year-over-year decline in ARPU to accelerate in the fourth quarter. If this is correct, what is the driver? Are there seasonal factors or subscribers downgrading their plan?
Reed Hastings: Subscribers are not downgrading their plan. Existing subscribers are not downgrading their plan. Two, lets remember that historically and our expectations are that Q4 growth will have a heavy backend seasonal component to it, and so, those subscribers remain in a free trial period often, when we cross the quarter boundary, generate no revenue. We expect and you should expect ARPU to continue to decline for the foreseeable future. We are very excited about that. If that happens, we will grow rapidly, and if we grow rapidly, we will grow operating profit quickly and roughly at 10% operating margin.
Deborah Crawford: He had a second question. What percentage of your rentals are new releases such as catalog and has those ratios changed with newer subscribers being added?
Barry McCarthy: No, theres no material change. It generally can vary some like quarter-to-quarter based upon what new releases are offered. But on a long-term basis, you know, it trends approximately a third of the DVD shipments.
Deborah Crawford:
 :
Barry McCarthy: We dont guide opening spending, thats why we dont guide to SAC. So, that seasonally marketing spending 10% increase in Q4 primarily because consumers are active in Q4 and its efficient spending. If the business is running more, lets say, generating more profits than we forecast in the course of the quarter, then we will probably have the opportunity to accelerate our marketing spending by reallocating what would be profits, like we go into business at about the 10% operating margin this year. If now, we would term ourselves a little bit. Historically, we have had the opportunity to increase spending as the quarter progresses.
Deborah Crawford: And a second question from Imran Khan. What are the drivers of greater use of the streaming product?
Reed Hastings: Just go back on those display, question on display at rates helping us or not? And we havent seen any material change that helps us or hurts us. And then what are the material barriers ?
Deborah Crawford: What are the drivers of greater use of the streaming product?
Reed Hastings: Its same one, two, three that I listed earlier, which is one is content, two is platforms, and three is movie choosing on the devices.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Daniel Ernst of Hudson Square. First, in the June 2009 quarter, net subscribers grew 71% year-over-year, and in the September quarter, you just reported they grew 95% year-over-year, do you think that acceleration is more a function of weaker competition or more a function of increasing attractiveness of your service?
Reed Hastings: You know, when you do the derivative of the derivative, you can get tangled up, you know, some eye-popping numbers as you quote. We tend to look at the year-over-year subscriber growth rate, which also tell us a wonderful story. We have been increasing those growth rate, 24%, 25%, 26%, 27% now 28% for Q3, and so that strengthening is a combination of weakening competition in terms of video stores and the power of streaming. Theres no particular way for us to separate those two. And it feels a lot more like streaming. Its having a big positive impact with consumers, but forward taper [ph] costs, we are very painful to see the accelerating subscriber and revenue growth.
Deborah Crawford: Yes, the second question, those that track the industry are aware that Redbox is having some issues with the studios, but do you think that their customers are aware and/or has that harmed the customer experience? If the answer is yes, has that been a benefit to you?
Reed Hastings: Dont have any insight of Redboxs customers.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Michael Olson of Piper Jaffray. You said you are increasing spending on streaming, but nearly all subscribers are still using DVD by now, can you just talk about conceptually how you are continuing to grow gross margin while at the same time spending on new content for watch-instantly that subscribers arent using DVD by now to a lesser degree?
Reed Hastings:
 :
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. Reed has mentioned in the past that A la carte [ph] pricing plan is something that Netflix considers in mind from time to time, any update or thoughts here?
Reed Hastings:
 :
 :
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Jason Helfstein at Oppenheimer & Company. At current prices, is it likely Netflix will acquire more new release or premium content for streaming in the near term, can you walk us through how you determine whether you will or will not acquire our movie for streaming, i.e., Transformers II?
Reed Hastings: The way we look at content is how much is it going to get viewed, how impactful and how positive is it for customers, I mean whats the cost. And as we take up the spending, we try to find the best deals in the market. So, we dont particularly look for new releases versus old or you know, animated versus drama. We really look at what our subscribers are watching and try to get more of that.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Eric Wold at Merriman Curhan Ford. Although churn cam down sequentially, it remains elevated compared to prior periods. As Netflix continues to gain market share and at the same time face competition from Redbox, what do you consider to be a healthy and sustainable churn level?
Reed Hastings: Do you want to take it Barry?
Barry McCarthy: Over the next couple of years, we are going to learn quite a bit about, as we stand in the marketplace with an appeal of watch-instantly where we werent quite a bit about the behavior of the new consumer demographic, and we werent quite a bit about what the acquisition costs are associated there, growing our subscriber base is we continue to improve their quality of watching streaming service. So, it remains to be seen there. Two theories, one is the subscriber base continues to mature, churn is going to ratchet down a little bit and the other theory is it becomes more transactional description and we described of younger demographic, they are making in and out more rapidly, that had a lower SAC, and high level we are very optimistic about the way that the economic bottle is evolving and our ability to drive future profit. There will be some puts and calls for sure between SAC and churn.
Reed Hastings: And if churning customers hated us and never were willing to come back, we would be pretty concerned about the churn rates, but thats not the case. Churning customers wont deserve as there is  just not watching movies right now at all, or they cant afford it, they would write off, and they indicated both cases high likelihood to come back. So, really think of it as some customers will come in and out seasonally. And the substitute metric to give you a more accurate read on the business is weak household penetration or regional penetration, how is the sub base growing relative to the population at any point in time. And it doesnt get so tangled in the churn calculation.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Heath Terry at FBR Capital Market. Has the rollout of Saturdays shipping increased the number of discs per month being used by customers?
Reed Hastings: Not that we can tell.
Deborah Crawford: I have a second question. What impact do you anticipate your DVD processing automation to do to operating costs of the company?
Barry McCarthy: Bring them down. Yes, but I would say that the postal costs are rising. You know, even though next year is flat, you know, will be offsetting. So, its not of huge leverage. From a modeling standpoint, its not material. We will bring it up, because theres a little bit of CapEx associated with it, the $40 million next year, which we havent had historically, but other than that, the good service improvement. Its a symbol that we are continuing to invest in the DVD side if that makes sense, but unlike the other factors that we talked about, unlikely to be a material driver.
Reed Hastings: I would say its noteworthy for its symbolism. I think we are going to earn a very attractive rate of return on the investment. From an investor perspective, its eggs the question whether or not margins will expand, in the sense, margins are a managed outcome, to the extent that we are able to shift costs out of operations, we will shift them into making it a more compelling service in the form of more compelling content to drive streaming adoption.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Nat Schindler of BoA/Merrill Lynch. Your DVD library acquisitions have been decreasing year-over-year fairly substantially for the last six quarters until this quarter when they jumped significantly. The same is true with CapEx spending, what sort of the increases and do you believe your capital investment levels were appropriate over the last 18 months?
Barry McCarthy: We are enormously pleased with how the business is performing, and we are projecting rapid growth and confident that infrastructure we built for the business will comfortably support an 11% [ph] growth that we are projecting. So, to answer the question, should we invest specifically in the business over the last 18 months, the reasons  yes. That or not in any particular quarter, CapEx is up or down associated with DVD purchases, depends entirely on which studio is hot and which is not, and who will rep  and who will not. We manage the business to ship from 1Q metric and that metric is performing really well versus our internal objectives. So, service levels are good, CapEx happens to be up, because the studio that we acquire some content has particularly odd hand and we want to make sure that we maintain the shipment on 1Q metric. So, I dont think you can extrapolate a trend from that single data.
Reed Hastings: And remember that the vast majority of DVD acquisition and new releases and the depreciation of the new releases is 12 months accelerated. So, you know, its barely CapEx.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Ben Hur [ph] with Battle Road Research. Can you comment on the companys future plans to develop and produce original content for video streaming or allow the upcoming Splatter series?
Barry McCarthy: We dont have any plans to produce content generally. From time to time, our marketing group does something unique like the collaboration with Roger Corman, but thats aimed around customer acquisition and attention as opposed to the core part of the service.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley. Can you talk about the cost of that and whether you would expect leverage to be accretive to EPS?
Reed Hastings: Lets have that conversation on next quarters call.
Deborah Crawford: He had one more question. Could you talk about the constraints involved in gaining distribution on other gaming devices, i.e., PS3 and Wii?
Barry McCarthy: Well, theres two parts. One as we said is our Xbox deal is exclusive at the current time, and then two would be deals with the other game companies that made sense to them. So, you probably would expect.
Deborah Crawford:
 :
Reed Hastings: Could you read the first part of the question?
Deborah Crawford: Sure. Based on your comments on 1Q, it seems like you would be doing a lot of co-marketing with the CE partner, is this right, because your marketing as a percentage of revenue dropped substantially in 4Q08 and 1Q09 as the Xbox kicked in?
Reed Hastings: So, we do co-marketing with all of our CE partners. We will probably add several this quarter if its like every other quarter. We flagged it, one as a material install base, and then thats the underlying reason our guidance was higher than it would have been by historical standards.
Barry McCarthy: I would say, Doug, in my comments about Q1, I am not trying to signal to you a shift in our cost structure or the economics around subscriber acquisition, I am trying to signal that theres going to be much more growth than the Street is expecting, and that there will be marketing costs associated with the growth. But I am not trying to signal to you that they are breaking the model or that we are spending amount on a per-subscriber basis, its going to be a big tax on the business.
Deborah Crawford:
 :
Reed Hastings: Blu-ray stayed pretty steady for us just under 10%, and you know, particularly change that, probably the love with the Holiday season and the fantastic deals for our Blu-ray players.
Deborah Crawford: A follow-up question from Christa Quarles at TWP. What subscriber growth estimate were you referencing for 2010 that is too low? She just wants to make sure shes on the right page.
Reed Hastings: You mean specifically a number? Specifically Street expectations.
Deborah Crawford: The next is from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. Does the watch-instantly viewing match your DVD business, i.e., 80% or older titles and 20% of newer releases?
Reed Hastings:
 :
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Brian Fitzgerald at UBS. In terms of A la carte services and digital formatting standards, namely Disneys Keychest and the DECE or Digital Entertainment Content Ecosystem, do you see one DRM initiative as gaining more traction?
Reed Hastings: No, because we are the subscription, not active participants and those, you know, very important efforts to establish a standard for digital ownership and what the standard will be.
Deborah Crawford: The question is from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup. Why not expand internationally with physical DVDs as well?
Reed Hastings: You could  its a perfectly reasonable argument, theres some good market, but postal systems in many nations make that tricky and streaming is a huge opportunity. So, we are focused on that, which of course, you know, whether or not as when you can strain since its a larger available market.
Deborah Crawford: The next question is a follow-up question from Barton Crockett at Lazard. If Netflix has delayed access to new DVD releases as Warner is suggesting, how much was subscriber growth low? Clearly, new DVDs are a minority of usage but important to users and later access could make this service less appealing?
Reed Hastings: It could depend on a range of things. We are focused on making the service better and depending on the way the deal is structured, if its only a few weeks delay, it may work out that its actually in overall better experience, because it could be at the several week mark, but then we have a very large supplier content of discs. So, theres a lot of way to cut that. We are not going to do anything that would materially harm the customer experience. We are focused, you know, we get those huge customer sat ratings, we are continued to focus on great customer satisfaction, but it is true that there may be ways to put together a deal that helps studio sell more DVDs, helps us to be more efficient on our rental expense and then allows us to put that expense into streaming. And if we did something, it would only be because we were confident that it would not negatively affect our growth.
Deborah Crawford: And I think we have time for one more question. Its Scott Devitt at Morgan Stanley. Can you update us on San Francisco household penetration and lesser country household penetration?
Reed Hastings: Yes, that was in my script, so, we will throw back to that.
Deborah Crawford: Thats it. I think we are out of time.
Barry McCarthy: Thank you all for joining us on the call. We continue to be very excited about the progress we are making. Our DVD proposition is very strong and growing and streaming is adding to that, and we feel blessed to be growing at these enormous rates. With that, we look forward to talking with you all in the quarter.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude todays conference. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-24 18:00:00) =====
Executives: Debra Crawford  Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy Jr.  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners [David Miller - Carriss and Company] Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co. Eric Wold - Merriman, Curhan Ford [Ralph Shakard - William Blair] Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities Matt Schindler - Merrill Lynch Tony Wible - Janney, Montgomery Scott [John Brockage  Credit Suisse] Barton Crockett - Lazard Capital Michael Pachter  Wedbush Morgan Securities [Amil Gupta  Oppenheimer & Co.] Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Dan Ernst - Hudson Square Research [Jim Freedman - Cowan and Company] [Richard Grosday - Ross Capital] [Gerald Simon - Apex Capital]
Operator: Welcome to the Netflix second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Please be aware this conference is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Debra Crawford  Vice President of Investor Relations.
Debra Crawford: Good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's second quarter 2009 earnings call. Before turning the call over the Reed Hastings, the company's Co-founder and CEO, I'll dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We will make forward-looking statements during the call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report of Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2009. We released earnings for the second quarter at approximately 1:05 pm Pacific time. The earnings release which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and this conference call are available at the company's investor relations website at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 pm Pacific time today. Finally, as we noted in the press release, we are going to conduct a question portion of the Q&A via email. Please email your questions to me at dcrawford@netflix.com. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Reed.
Reed Hastings: Welcome everyone to our call. As I say on each call, our goal is to grow revenue, subscribers and earnings every year while expanding into instant steaming. We continued to execute well in Q2 and Netflix is on track for a record year in 2009. In Q2, we generated revenue of $408 million, up 21% from a year ago. Operating income was $53 million, up 54% from a year ago. Net income was $32 million, up 22% year over year and EPS was $0.54 up 29% year over year. Driving these results was a 26% year over year growth in subscribers offset by a lower ARPU due to the growing popularity of our lower priced plans that include unlimited content delivered both by streaming and by DVD by mail. We believe that the inclusion of streaming in our service has broadened the appeal of Netflix and is driving growth in our most highly penetrated market of the San Francisco Bay area where 20.7% of households now subscribe to Netflix versus 9.1% nationally. The tech innovation factor around streaming is very high and high speed cable broadband is widely available and despite all of that, or perhaps because of it, growth in our subscribing households in the Bay area is increasing at about two percentage points per year. We believe the Bay area is a leading indicator of internet behavior elsewhere in America and are thus encouraged by these large and growing penetration rates. As in prior quarters, our shipments of DVD and Blu-Ray discs experienced solid growth year over year and we continue to expect disc shipments for Netflix to grow for many years as video stores close. Our Saturday shipping rollout across our 58 distribution centers is now more than half complete and we expect to have upgraded all of our distribution centers to Saturday shipping by the end of Q3. Last quarter, we made some adjustments to our Blu-Ray pricing to reflect the higher prices that studios charge for high definition content and we're pleased with the results. As Blu-Ray player prices continue to fall, we are hopeful adoption will accelerate and we offer an unparalled Blu-Ray rental experience. In terms of our DVD based competitors, we continue to see rapid growth for Redbox and an offsetting decline in video store rentals. Essentially, both Netflix and Redbox are growing at the expense of video stores. One more remarkable milestone for Netflix last quarter was the progress made in the Netflix prize competition. As you may have read, it appears an amazing team of researchers around the world has qualified to win the million dollar prize for improving recommendations. We will announce the Netflix prize winner later in Q3 as the competition is still open until this Sunday followed by a validation period of a few weeks, but needless to say, this competition has been thrilling. The knowledge this prize contest has developed is already contributing to the improvement of movie choosing at Netflix and there is more to come. At the heart of Netflix is the proposition that of the 100,000 movies we offer, there are a unique few hundred that each person will love. The algorithmic scale that we are developing apply equally to the movies that you watch instantly or watch on DVD or watch on Blu-Ray and they allow us to provide more satisfaction from any given set of content than any competitor. The Netflix prize algorithm is only a small but significant part of our total personalization efforts but these efforts as a whole are a behind the scenes driver of our incredibly high customer satisfaction which we are always striving to improve. In terms of streaming viewing, the strong growth trends continue in instant streaming to our subscribers and in online video overall due to the consumer attraction of our strong value; DVD's by mail quickly, and movies and TV episodes streamed instantly for one low monthly fee. More and more CE companies are looking to integrate the Netflix streaming client into their devices. In Q2, we announced and launched Netflix ready devices with a range of partners. They include, Sony, a wide variety of Samsung home theater systems and Blu-Ray disc players and LG digital television, home theater systems and Blu-Ray disc players. We are on pace to have more and more CE product include the Netflix client every quarter. The more devices that support the Netflix client, the more subscribers have easy access and the less dependent we are on any one device. We're excited in particular by two big improvements to streaming coming in Q3. Microsoft is rolling version three of Silverlight which significantly speeds up video playback so there is less frame dropping for smoother video on PC's and Mac's, and in mid August, Microsoft Xbox is rolling out their new experience which includes a new Netflix client where subscribers can choose movies right on the Xbox rather than going to their laptop to add to their queue. When we think about the right amount to spend on streaming content each year, we consider not only the retention benefits of more viewing, the acquisition benefits of more subscribers and the cost benefits of DVD shipment substitution, but also the positive effects on the CE ecosystem. Given our momentum to date, we are continuing to push up our streaming content spending, consistent with our goals for next year of maintaining 10% operating margins and strong subscriber growth. Thank you for listening. And now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Barry McCarthy.
Barry McCarthy Jr.: Good afternoon folks and thank you for joining today's call. Last quarter, I said we were confident in our ability to deliver strong revenue and earnings growth and the results we announced this afternoon achieved that objective. Year over year growth in revenue, net income, EPS and free cash flow all accelerated again this quarter as compared with the year over year growth we achieved in last year's second quarter. SAC reached a record low $23.88 in Q2, a remarkable achievement for a consumer business in this difficult economic climate. We attribute strong growth and low SAC to the broad appeal of our service. Because of our investment in streaming, low prices and the halo effects of market leadership, the financial implications for future Netflix profit are significant. On the Q4 call, I said SAC would remain below $30.00 for the balance of 2009 and on the Q1 call, we lowered that estimate to $28.00, quite a bit higher than the $24.00 SAC we reported today. For the remainder of the year, we expect SAC to increase in Q3, before dropping again in Q4. Turning from SAC to other categories of expense, gross margin was 34.1% in the quarter, a 230 basis point improvement versus last year's Q2. Despite the year over year growth from content spend for streaming and the postal rate increase, the year over year improvement was primarily attributable to the popularity of our lower priced plans which have higher gross margins and in addition, like Q1, our margins continued to benefit from our ability to create demand for catalogue titles. On a sequential basis, DVD usage was seasonally lower than Q1 which was a net positive for gross margins and in line with our expectations and historical patterns of usage. We saw no discernable increase in usage related to people spending more time at home in the current economic climate. As expected, churn rose slightly in the quarter as it did in last year's second quarter. This was primarily the result of a seasonal shift and channel mix for gross subscriber acquisition. We saw a similar mix shift in last year's second quarter and we expect churn to decline to near Q1 levels in Q4. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter was 38.8%, a reduction from our Q1 rate related to several discrete Federal and State incentive tax credit recorded during the quarter. As expected, our Q2 tax rate increased significantly from last year's 26%. By way of reminder, last year's second quarter had the cumulative benefit of higher period R&D tax credit. For the remainder of the year, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 40.5%. Free cash flow of $26.3 million established a new high water mark for Q2 results which more than doubled on a year over year basis. On a sequential basis, free cash flow increased 74%. This increase followed a well established pattern related to the seasonal slow down in Q2 subscriber growth, the reduction in marketing expense and resulting in increased net income. Finally, during Q2, we repurchased 1.6 million Netflix shares at a cost of $73 million with an average cost of $44.56. That summarized my comments on Q2 performance, and now I'll comment on the implications of that performance for Q3 and full year guidance. Those of you familiar with our business model are accustomed to seeing well established seasonal pattern of slow subscriber growth, higher churn, higher operating margins in Q2, followed by accelerating subscriber growth, lower churn and lower operating margins in Q3 and Q4. As I said on last quarter's earnings call, we expect that historical pattern to repeat itself again this year. Today's earning release revised upward our full year guidance for subscribers, revenue, net income and EPS. We remain optimistic about the outlook for the second half of the year. From a year over year subscriber perspective, Q3 will be an easier comp than Q4. Last years subscriber growth slowed to 23% year over year in Q3, probably because of the summer Olympics, the weak economy and the shipping outage, but growth reaccelerated in Q4 to 26% year over year behind the lift from our launch on Xbox 360. We've maintained that momentum ever since and as you can see in today's guidance update, we expect to continue to grow strongly through Q3 and Q4 with minor differences in year over year subscriber growth. At the end of the day whether we grow subscribers at last year's 23% to 26% rate, or slightly faster, or slightly slower, it's still impressive growth, particularly in this economy. Looking back over the last several years, we've steadily increased operating margins from 7% to 8% to 9% to what we expect will be a little over 10% this year. We think 10% is about as rich as we should run for the next few years as the streaming opportunity develops. Looking forward, we hope to land at about 10% in operating margins on an annual basis. This will give us plenty of investment power to grow the subscriber base, revenues, earnings and EPS. In closing, Q2, like Q1 produced strong results and solid progress towards accomplishing the financial and strategic goals we established for the year. The model is working well. Our streaming initiative is on track. We're strategically well positioned and confident about our future growth and profitability. That concludes my remarks, and now I'll turn the call back over to Debra who will lead us through the Q&A.
Debra Crawford: The first question is from Christa Quarles at Thomas Weisel Partners. Can you talk about the quality of the new subscriber that comes in through your less expensive marketing channel?
Reed Hastings: By that you must mean the retention characteristics. In general the lower program have two facts; one is that people on tighter budgets is a negative. The positive is that it's an incredible value that the retention can be strong. What we try to do is get subscribers to the right program for them and offer them a number of options to maximize by quality, the profits and satisfaction around that subscriber.
Debra Crawford: The second question she had was with regard to Redbox. Redbox claims that 5% or so of their customers are coming from you. Are you seeing that?
Reed Hastings: Definitely the subscribers who leave us who used to go to video stores now go to Redbox. I'm not surprised by the 5% and as Barry mentioned at the recent investor conference, we don't see in the two markets that Redbox outlined as very strong penetration for them, Houston and Salt Lake City, we don't see any material degradation in our growth. So it appears that Redbox and Netflix are growing at the expense of video stores.
Barry McCarthy Jr.: I would add one additional thought which is for a long time we've seen a fairly higher percentage of Netflix subscribers who have continued to rent the DVD's from video stores. So to the extent that Redbox is acquiring shares from video stores, they may see some of those customers active as Redbox customers in lieu of store rentals while they remain Netflix subscribers.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [David Miller at Carriss and Company] and his question is, with regards to EPIX, our understanding of the structure of EPIX is that there will also be a streaming component to the EPIX subscription that will compete head on with Netflix. Given that, what is it about the Netflix streaming service other than price that you feel will be superior to EPIX. Also, do you see negotiating a streaming right deal with EPIX sometime before they launch?
Reed Hastings: On the first count, EPIX's plans are a little unclear to everyone; for example pricing, so we'll really have to see. As you remember, Starz also offered their own subscription service for awhile and then discovered they could make more money wholesaling that to a range of players including us. Certainly EPIX which has a lot of great content is something we'd like to carry, but at this point we don't have anything to announce.
Debra Crawford: The next couple of questions are from Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co. How do the terms of your agreement with Sony differ from what Redbox just signed? Does that give you an opportunity to improve your content costs?
Reed Hastings: We don't know what the deal is between Sony and Redbox other than the 8-K that Redbox filed. We're very happy with our Sony deal and our Sony relationship has continued to work very well for us so I don't see an impact either way from a Redbox/Sony deal.
Debra Crawford: His second question is with regard to Starz. When does that contract come up for renewal? How confident are you in your ability to renew on similar terms?
Reed Hastings: When it's time to renew that contract in the future, hopefully we'll be laughing and able to pay them more money. Part of our goal in life is to make the subscribers really happy, but part of it is also making content suppliers happy and we definitely look forward to being able to pay them more money and still grow our profits over time. So we're not even going to try in the future to try to extend it on the "same terms". How much larger and how much more expensive it is depends somewhat on our subscriber base size. It's a multi-year agreement but we haven't disclosed any more than that.
Barry McCarthy Jr.: Let me jump in and add something I think many participants on the call are aware of but just to emphasize it. The attractiveness or not of the terms of our licensing deals for streaming content is all about our ability to pay for demand for content with our subscriber base. So if we're not very smart about the way we write the content, it mostly goes unused on the website and that isn't a very good economic transaction. On the other hand is there's broad based appeal and we are able to engage the subscriber base and the content, then it's a very good investment for us, independently with term on any individual contract.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Eric Wold at Merriman, Curhan Ford. In regards to the increased churn where there any specific trends you saw around that number; for example, greater churn at certain price points or areas of the country. Was churn noticeably higher during the beginning or the end of the quarter?
Reed Hastings: No, particular churns. no.
Debra Crawford: [Ralph Shakard at William Blair] Is Netflix moving closer to streaming becoming a stand alone business versus its current service status? What sort of metrics are you waiting for to turn streaming into a viable stand alone business?
Reed Hastings: The great thing about streaming is the instant and unlimited. But less ideal part about streaming is we don't have all the content we have on DVD and when we talk to our subscribers about streaming only, they really want a lot of content and given the mixed nature of the content availability on streaming, our subscribers are very happy with the hybrid solution. It gives a really unique differentiator that the new releases are available on DVD, a lot of the catalogue on streaming, so the hybrid is really the core of what we're focused on. We may at some point test streaming only, but we don't believe it will be particularly consequential.
Debra Crawford: He had a second question with regards to international expansion. Netflix has stated its desire to move in this direction one day. Is there any metric hurdle time frame for when you might pursue international markets and does the streaming service accelerate this market opportunity?
Reed Hastings: The real frame work which we look at is when do we have enough money in the P&L to be able to do a substantial investment to begin that global expansion. It as streaming develops, and frankly as our subscriber base develops that we have enough horsepower to be able to do the substantial investments in other countries where we dont yet have a brand presence. So that the gate to crack so to speak.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest Securities and it's with regard to content acquisition. Can DVD acquisition costs continue to decline or are you near a base line from which it must grow in line with subscriber addition?
Reed Hastings: Our mission over the next couple of years is to take out cogs, which is about half postage and half DVD's and streaming and move that more and more to studio revenue as opposed to postal revenue as we do more streaming. So we look at it and say we want to make that shift happen to where the studios are getting about two-thirds of revenue and we're not having to ship DVD's. It's a long term vision. So have our DVD's bottomed out. I'm not sure, but most of the energy we're putting in is growing our streaming spending and then the studios get the advantage. They get paid on DVD per title, and then they get paid again on the same title under streaming, so that's the real focus for us.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [George Abco  Stifel Nicolaus] Please provide us with an update of the current number of online titles available for steaming at Netflix. Also, is there a churn number of available of streaming numbers or is the universe of streaming titles available today, the same as the universe available one quarter or one year ago?
Reed Hastings: We don't focus much on title count. That hasn't changed hugely in the last couple of months. What we're really focusing on is getting the right content on the right term, the content that subscribers are really going to want to watch. Does it change? Yes. For example with the Starz content we get a constant flow of new content coming in through that, so there's a lot of freshness in the existing titles.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Matt Schindler at Merrill Lynch. What was the bigger driver of the nearly 18% year over year drop in subscriber acquisition costs, a higher percentage of growth additions coming in the door for free, or decreased media costs?
Reed Hastings: I'd say the biggest effect on SAC is scale, brand awareness. We've been working this business a long time building a great reputation and as more and more subscribers, more and more prospect know about it, and more reference points from their friends, that increased their overall efficiency. Some of that's manifests as word of mouth it's really a scale effect of brand leadership.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Tony Wible at Janney, Montgomery Scott. Have you seen any evidence of consumers trading down on their subscription plans as they stream more content on the digital streaming service?
Reed Hastings: No one particularly moves up or down. The effect we do see is more people going to the lower price plans whether that's because it's unlimited streaming or because of the economy, and that's driving the ASP down slightly. But once people are in a plan, there's as much moving up as there is moving down, so they offset each other pretty well.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [John Brockage  Credit Suisse] Will the streaming initiative be used to increase pricing or offset ARPU declines on the different subscriber plans versus seeing price being offered as a stand alone product in the near term or over time?
Reed Hastings: The streaming initiative, we got a couple of wins out of that in terms of retention, acquisition, DVD usage substitution, and strategically we think of low price as a great competitive weapon. If we can competitive mote, if we can get a very large subscriber base with aggressive prices, it's harder to attack our franchise. So we're continuing to look for ways for which we can grow the subscriber base even faster on lower prices and by emphasizing our lower price plan.
Barry McCarthy Jr.: I think there's generally a perception that the decline in ARPU is a bad thing for the business. If you look at the last page of the earnings release just above the churn line, you'll see a new metric, that couldn't have been provided in previous quarters from the data we provide which is gross profit per paid subscriber, average gross profit per paid subscriber. If I recall correctly, I don't have it in front of me, it's about $4.53 a quarter in Q2 this year, up from $4.39 a year ago. So even though ARPU is going down, the business per subscriber has been getting more profitable even as the key to the lower price plans and the growth and the functionality of the business where they did some streaming, it has been a net positive with the subscriber.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Barton Crockett from Lazard Capital. Your subscriber growth in 2009 has been great. Any early thoughts about your ability to maintain that pace in 2010?
Reed Hastings: If you had asked us last year would we still be riding for the eighth or ninth quarter at 25% we would be, that's a little wishful thinking. So it's hard to tell. I will say that the tail winds from video store closures and from the growth in streaming have been very positive influences for us, so we're probably more optimistic than we have been in the past. But our year ahead predictability on that frankly is not much better than anybody else's.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Michael Pachter  Wedbush Morgan Securities. It's a more specific question on ARPU. Could you please explain the decline in ARPU in the context of the increase of the Blu-Ray surcharge? Is it attributable to an increase rate of $8.99 sign ups, low acceptance of the Blu-Ray option, late quarter additions of some other reason?
Reed Hastings: It's not great quarter additions. The Blu-Ray price increase helped. The ARPU decline would have been larger without it, but not hugely materially and it is most the second of your questions which it is more people taking the lower priced plans than in the past. Again, as a competitor barrier, we're happy about that.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [Amil Gupta  Oppenheimer & Co.] Can you remind us about the impact of consumer electronic deals on subscribers in Q3 of '08 and Q4 of '08?
Reed Hastings: The Xbox was launched in Q4 of '08 so that was a help in Q4 in the [inaudible] of '08.
Barry McCarthy Jr.: And remember that consumer electronic devices are largely purchased around the holidays so unless you tap into a large install base like we did in Q4 with the launch on Xbox 360, growth associated with devices would come after the holiday shop through.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Doug Anmuth  Barclays Capital. Is there anything in particular that's weighing on Q3 earnings given the subscriber and revenue increases?
Reed Hastings: If I were to rephrase the question and ask it in this way, could earnings be higher, the answer is yes. Which begs the question why aren't they? And the answer is because every year we begin by deciding what the earning 'target' is going to be and the goal we've set is an operating margin of 10% which allows us to grow earnings in a round number of 20% range, fast, very fast, And, push strategically we made that decision as a management team to invest what could be more earnings in a faster earnings growth rate and the future profitability of the business by growing more content, growing the streaming initiative, providing a better service. And that's the reason that Q3 earnings is not higher.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Mark Mahaney  Citigroup. What impact on your customer base in terms of additional churn or ARPU have you seen in the areas where Saturday shipments have rolled out?
Reed Hastings: We don't a good enough control to be able to tell precisely. What we have found is when we convert an entire area to two day delivery put in a hub, we get a real material benefit and by extension we think when we take roughly 10% of the shipments and give them better service, we'll get a positive affect also. But I think it's relatively new. We know it's a positive, but we're unable to tell you exactly how much.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Michael Olson of Piper Jaffray. Growth margin was essentially flat quarter over quarter which is surprising given the normal seasonal down tick in Q2 and the postal rate increase in the quarter. Can we expect gross margin in Q3 to be up quarter over quarter as it typically is?
Reed Hastings: We don't guide to gross margin. There generally is a seasonal increase in DVD usage. You should factor that in your model when you're thinking about margins. I think that's all we plan to say about it.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Dan Ernst at Hudson Square Research. DVD usage was lower seasonally but you did add a record number of subscribers last quarter, and as I recall new subs tend to have higher utilization as they run through your broad library. Was that not the case with these new subscribers?
Reed Hastings: Remember that in the cogs, there's DVD usage and there's streaming and as we take up streaming investment, that has an influence on cogs also and that may be what's causing the model for you to not collide as well as you want. But that is still the general trend, that DVD usage decline let's say during the first year of the subscribers life on a monthly basis.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [Jim Freedman at Cowan and Company] What percentage of users are on a Blu-ray plan?
Reed Hastings: What we have said in the past it's nearly 10% and it is still nearly that 10%.
Debra Crawford: The next one is from Michael Pachter. Given the weakness at advertising sales at most media outlets, should we expect to see advertising spending decline year over year at holiday since Netflix gets the same benefit for fewer dollars.
Reed Hastings: No, we could take do that. In other words, we could take the great rates available and spend less and earn more but we're choosing to keep earnings growing very nicely but not at the maximum rate possible, and we'll be spending as we would but getting more growth and more reach for our dollars than we would have in the past.
Debra Crawford: The next question comes is from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup. Explain why long term operating margin should be capped at 10% given what should be clear marketing spend leverage in the model.
Reed Hastings: It's not how long we'll keep them capped at 10% when you say long term, but if you mean the next few years, there's a lot of investment that we think is very smart to do as well as the global expansion. So that's what's leading us to not want to at this point grow richer than 10%. In the long term as we think about it, the five to ten years, I would agree with your thesis.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [Walter Widenski at McKuen Capital] Can you share with the subscriber reactivation rate.
Reed Hastings: I think what we said publicly, you're talking about customers who have joined the service who we can identify as having been a previous subscriber and that's we have said in the past running about a third and then there's a subset of new subscribers who we're pretty confident have joined before but we can't identify them as a rejoin because the credit card has changed, the address has changed, that sort of thing.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [Richard Grosday at Ross Capital] Last quarter you said you had no interest in entering the kiosk business. Has that sentiment changed at all now that it appears studios are warming up to the concept?
Reed Hastings: No particularly. The kiosk business is very good. Vending machine businesses, Coin Stars have been doing vending machine businesses for a long time. They have a wide range of vending solutions and presumably they'll come with more and more vending innovations, so they're organized horizontally as a vending machine company. We're organized vertically. We happen to be in DVD's now and DVD and streaming as a movie brand and Netflix will always be in movies not in various to ship or move discs or any other aspect. So the businesses are really organized quite differently and we have no intent to go into kiosks. We're putting all of our innovation efforts on going into streaming.
Debra Crawford: Your next question is from [Gerald Simon at Apex Capital] Barry mentioned picking up marketing spending Q3 which is consistent with seasonality. Blockbuster has recently been spending more dollars as well. Is their higher spend noticeable in your market. Could it have any impact on marketing costs?
Reed Hastings: It's always a bit of a wildcard what Blockbuster is going to choose to do. It really depends upon the level of spending. If they decide to spend like they spent back in '07 then that's something that we would notice. At the current levels, not particularly.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Barton Crockett at Lazard. Explain what is driving the more optimistic view of subscriber growth for the year given that Q2 came in at the high end of your guidance.
Reed Hastings: It would seem to be reinforcing Q2 came in at the high end of guidance, and that's part of what gives us confidence on the rest of the year. The wonderful thing is that we don't seem to be affected by the recession. I don't think we're particularly helped either but to be able to grow 25% to 26% in subs in this climate is a wonderful thing.
Barry McCarthy Jr.: I would say also, as the year unfolds and we have more insight into what the next several months will look like, we sometimes have the opportunity to be more aggressive than we had been six months ago when we began to talk about what the year might hold for us. So the business has performed remarkably well. As the calendar year has progressed we made remarkable progress with the streaming initiative on several different fronts so that gives us reason to make us feel more optimistic than we did six months about our ability to execute through the remainder of the year.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners. Are you happy with your churn rates as they stand now? How do you benchmark your churn relative to other consumer businesses?
Reed Hastings: I think it's a false dichotomy to benchmark versus other businesses. You think about churn relative to a value proposition of the service and the rate of growth in subscribers and not in the abstract. So for instance, it may be that over time the growth in streaming we become more transactional and at a lower price and with many more subscribers and we see an increasing number of subscribers coming in and out of service. That would result in higher a higher churn rate because it's more transactional and that flow of various entry, but it may result in more profitable business. I think a business with those attributes would also have significantly lower acquisition costs. So we think about between gross margin churn which I have no idea as the key drivers of the business in terms of overall profitability of the business not churn in the abstract, because churn in the abstract always would lead me down the path of concluding that lower is better. But that may not lead to a better economic model in the context of gross margin.
 Barry McCarthy Jr.: I'd just mention that transactional in that context, we don't mean it as pay per view. We mean that a streaming subscriber might join, stay with us for the fall, be off for the summer, join winter, come back in the spring. We make it very easy for people to enter and exit the service and so that drives SAC's down but you get a lot of rejoin activity that drives churn up. So we may end up in a place where SAC is lower than it would otherwise be and churns a little higher than it would otherwise be, but most importantly we're operating the way consumers want us to operate, not trapping them in a service. So we're focused on matching what they want out of the service.
Reed Hastings: Another observation, which is churns also function as a new subscriber build so if we're going to shrink the subscriber based from 20% to 2% we're going to see a dramatic increase in churn because all the customers transpose the new customer. But nobody on this call thinks that would be a good idea either.
Debra Crawford: Your next call is from Youssef Squali of Jefferies & Co. Now that you're going to be holding improvements in operating margin at approximately 10% for the next few years, is most of that investment going into content acquisition or international expansion and how do we track your success now that the investment in that will become substantially more material than before?
Reed Hastings: Most of it will go in content. And how you track our success is are we growing the top line significantly which because we're staying in approximately 10% operating income growth, operating income very significantly. So ultimately it comes down to earnings and EPS growth which we have ambitious plans for.
Debra Crawford: The next question is from [Amil Gupta  Oppenheimer & Co.] Is the split of rental transactions 70% library or catalogue and 30% new release?
Reed Hastings: That's right.
Debra Crawford: And then from [John Brockage  Credit Suisse] what is the percent of subscribers are using the streaming service currently?
Reed Hastings: We've said in the past that millions of subscribers of ours are using it and that's the case today also.
Debra Crawford: I think that's it for questions.
Reed Hastings: Thank you all for joining us this afternoon. To recap the conversation, our business has continued to perform very strong in Q2 and our outlook for the full year is on track for record net additions. Consumers are responding to the Netflix proposition, unlimited movies delivered in two ways, DVD's by mail and streaming for one low price. And I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in October. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-24 18:00:00) =====
Executives:  Deborah T. Crawford - Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford Barton Crockett - Lazard Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co. Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Kenneth Smith - Munder Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Michael Pachter - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. Kwan Kim - Eaton Vance Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities Larry Witt - Morningstar Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Brock Saunders - Citigroup Matt Schindler - Merrill Lynch Tony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott [Richard Grosday - Ross] Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets & Co.
Operator:  Good day, everyone, and welcome to Netflix first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Deborah T. Crawford:  Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix first quarter 2009 earnings call.  Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the company's co-founder and CEO, I'll dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call.  We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 25, 2009.  We released earnings for the first quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and this conference call are available at the company's Investor Relations website at www.Netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time today.  Finally, as we noted in the press release, we are going to conduct the question portion of the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to me, dcrawford@Netflix.com. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Reed.
Reed Hastings:  Thanks, Deborah, and welcome, everyone to the call.  As I say on each of these calls, our goal is to grow subscribers and earnings every year while expanding into streaming video. We continued to execute well against that goal in Q1 and Netflix in on track for a record year in 2009 on all dimensions.  In Q1 we grew subscribers from 9.4 to 10.3 million. The 920,000 net additions were the largest in our history and we're 20% higher than Q1 a year ago.  Net income grew to $22 million, up 68% from the prior year.  EPS grew to 37%, up 76% from a year ago. While it's clear that instantly streaming movies and TV episodes to subscribers' laptops and TVs is energizing our growth, what is also happening is that our subscribers in total are renting more DVD and Blu-ray movies than ever. In fact, not only did our DVD shipments grow on a year-over-year basis but our year-over-year disk shipments grew more in Q1 than the prior year Q1. We believe Netflix DVD and Blu-ray rental will continue to grow for many years as video stores close and as consumers get increasingly comfortable with e-commerce and the Netflix unlimited rental offering. Even the physical shipments will grow for many years. We are continuing to invest in our disk operations. For example, we recently moved our central operations distribution center, where we receive disks from the studios' replicators, from Sunnyvale, California to a lower-cost and larger space outside Columbus, Ohio.  Another investment example is that we've been working for the past few years on perfecting automated optical inspection for returned disks to more accurately determine which disks should be discarded, repaired or sent back out to another subscriber, and now we're finally beginning the nationwide rollout of that system. This automated inspection of returned disks will improve our subscriber experience and reduce the number of disks we scrap.  A final investment example is that we have been testing Saturday shipping - in other words, moving from five-day shipping to six-day shipping - and over 2009 we'll be expanding that program to all 58 of our shipping centers. For consumers it means that putting a movie in the mail on Friday will generally result in a new moving arriving Monday instead of Tuesday, but more broadly, Saturday turnaround will be another wow factor for our subscribers.  By continuing to invest in improving the Netflix DVD and Blu-ray experience for our members, we think we can capture a larger share of subscribers' overall spend on entertainment.  With the strong growth in Blu-ray we felt Q1 was the right time to put in place more realistic Blu-ray pricing. We landed on the 20% to 25% premium for high-definition Blu-ray, which is in line with the high-definition premium consumers pay in other channels but is less, unfortunately, than the price premium we currently pay to some studios for Blu-ray relative to DVD. If we can get our Blu-ray cost premium more in line with what consumers are willing to bear relative to DVD, then we can be much more aggressive in promoting Blu-ray adoption to our 10 million plus subscriber base. This is the critical time period for Blu-ray and we hope to be able to make more progress this year and play an even larger role in the success of Blu-ray. The key takeaway here is that there is still a lot of growth in rental by mail. The studios clearly have a vested interest in extending the life of DVD and Blu-ray and that's good for Netflix as well. Our subscribers are drawn by our library of more than 100,000 titles with a user-friendly interface that helps our customers find TV shows and movies they will love. Bundling that offering with a growing selection of streaming content for one low subscription fee gives our subscribers a seamless way to expand their habits to include Internet delivery, and that gives us a significant competitive advantage as streaming gains traction. In terms of competition, the rise of kiosk $1 new release rentals has been notable. In exit surveys of canceling Netflix subscribers, kiosk is more and more frequently named as where they will go now for movies. And by the end of the year kiosks will likely be our number on competitor as video stores fall inversely. There are already more kiosks in America than video stores. If kiosks companies are able to further refine their systems to be able to profitability support lower-traffic locations then over the next three years we may see a kiosk in every 7-Eleven, every Starbucks and every airline gate.  The long-term effects of ubiquitous $1 new release DVD rental are not positive for us or the industry as a whole. In particular, the economic engine of the film industry is new release DVD and Blu-ray sales. We don't focus on new releases and they are less than a third of our rentals, so we are not very cannibalistic of new release sales, especially in comparison to kiosk rentals.  Despite kiosk growth, however, we had a record quarter and we expect to have a record year because our differentiators continue to be our vast selection - over 100,000 titles - the convenience of mail and streaming, that you don't have to drive anywhere to receive or return a Netflix disk, and our unlimited rentals for one flat fee. Turning to streaming, the overall consumer embrace of online video is growing rapidly. Between Netflix, MLB.com, Hulu, YouTube, Amazon, Apple and others, consumers are watching more and more online video and the quality of that video is improving. It's not hard to believe that online video will grow substantially every year for a very long time in the same way that cell phone minutes and browser usage have grown steadily over long periods of time. Laptops are getting cheaper and faster and smaller. Streaming to TV screens is also growing, as we and others are getting simple software clients built into a wide range of consumer electronic devices.  It's important for Netflix at this early stage be spending aggressively on streaming content in order to ensure we are well positioned as the industry evolves, but that means we are essentially buying many titles twice now. We buy a title once on DVD and Blu-ray and then we buy it again later for streaming, even though at that point we usually have many excess physical units of that title in our distribution centers. It's great for content owners and okay for Netflix since we save so much on postage and handling. In Q1 we continued to make good progress on expanding our streaming content, recently adding, for example, the first nine seasons of the animated hit, South Park. We licensed both TV shows and movies from the networks and studios. Many of the movies are not able to be licensed directly from the studios because the studios have licensed the big movies exclusively to networks such as Starz.  Our belief is that since these networks have never missed an opportunity to expand distribution starting with cable, then adding satellite and then telco, all of which compete with each other, that the networks will look to grow their distribution via Internet retailers such as Netflix in the years to come. This will help grow those networks' revenues by reaching new audiences of Internet-centric customers and will contribute to the overall health of the channel distribution business, the benefit of which comes to the content creator in higher content fees.  We are looking to a day when we have plentiful movie and TV show content for streaming. By us carrying entire channels, like we do today with Starz Play, the online version of Starz, and by us licensing the content from the channels like we do now with NBC, CBS, The Disney Channel, Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, and others, we will simply be a fourth option for consumers and a fourth and growing revenue source for networks and studios.  Strong content also has the benefit of making our service more attractive to consumer electronics companies and we are buried with requests to embed our software in a wide range of devices. It will take us some time to get it all delivered, but it's possible that within a few years nearly all Internet-connected CE devices sold will include a Netflix streaming client.  When we think about the right amount to spend on streaming content each year, we consider the benefits of the CE deals because it helps us get those CE deals as well as the retention benefits from more viewing, the acquisition benefits of more subscribers, and the cost benefits of DVD shipment substitution. Given our momentum to date, we are continuing to push up our streaming spending, consistent with our earnings goals, which Barry will elaborate on.  It's easy focus on the Internet as an efficient technology for content delivery, but the broader aspect of the Internet is as a social medium, with a sense of community. The future of Internet television is not 1,000 linear channels where the transmission layer is IP instead of something else. The future of Internet TV is closer to Facebook and YouTube and Netflix than the standard grid video product that one gets today from cable, satellite, telco.  Internet TV is about catering to the Internet generation as much as it is about delivering video over IP. The social side of the Internet is evolving rapidly and we are evolving with it. As Internet TV becomes more personal, social and portable to all of one's screens, the old video grid will have less and less relevance to Internet-centric consumers. And the long-term outlook for Internet TV is very promising.  We are especially fortunate as Internet TV develops to have a thriving by-mail offering that gives us the financial strength to deliver strong earnings growth while also investing in the future. Internet TV on a global basis is an enormous opportunity and we're excited about being one of the early leaders in the space.  Thank you for listening and now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Barry McCarthy.
Barry McCarthy:  Thanks for joining today's call, especially folks on the East Coast where it's getting late.  One year ago on the 2008 Q1 earnings call growth was a key theme and now one year later the same theme describes our Q1 performance and our upwardly revised full year guidance. Q1 ending subscribers grew by 25% year-over-year, 400 basis points stronger than last year's Q1 growth rate. The growth rate in revenue, net income and EPS also accelerated by nearly twice their growth rates of one year ago and free cash flow grew by 212% in Q1, more than 1.5 times last year's year-on-year growth rate. I'll have more to say about growth rates in a moment when I talk about guidance.  Overall, the Q1 numbers tell a clean and unambiguous story of strong momentum driven by consumer attraction to our unlimited rental proposition and a strong underlying financial model, so my comments will be relatively brief. I'll highlight a few key metrics, then I'll discuss our upwardly revised guidance, and lastly I'll update you on our stock repurchase activity. In addition to the record high sub growth Reed already spoke about, we also saw record high revenues, record low SAC, record high first quarter net income and EPS, and record high first quarter free cash flow. Gross margin of 34.2% improved 250 basis points on a year-on-year basis despite the growth in content spending for streaming and the postal rate increase in May of last year.  The two primary drivers of margin expansion were, one, the popularity of lower-priced plans, which have higher gross margins, and two, the continued realization of scale economies associated with driving the long tail of DVD catalog content which I spoke about on last quarter's earnings call.  Overall disk usage in the quarter was on par with our expectations and historical patterns of usage, with no discernable increase related to cocooning in the current economic climate. This seasonal usage pattern explains the sequential decline in gross margin of 100 basis points, which we directionally guided to on last quarter's call.  SAC declined again this past quarter to an all-time low of $25.79. The weak advertising climate plus strong growth across paid acquisition channels, combined with organic growth, drove record low acquisition costs. We expect to see continued low SAC for the remainder of the calendar year. On last quarter's call I said SAC would remain below $30 for the balance of the year. Our updated view is that SAC will likely remain below $28 through year end. Free cash flow of $15 million established a new high water mark for Q1. Two years ago we generated negative free cash flow of $18 million in the first quarter and last year the number turned positive, with $5 million of free cash flow. And this year we tripled that number on the heels of a record Q4. On a sequential basis free cash flow declined as expected. This decrease was primarily attributable to an increase in content spending and a decline in deferred revenue related to the seasonal decline in gift subscription sales.  Despite our share repurchase activity, which I'll discuss in a moment, our balance sheet remains strong, with $286 million in cash and short-term investments and no debt. That summarizes my comments on Q1 performance and now I'd like to talk about the implications of that performance for Q2 and full year guidance. Those of you familiar with our business model are accustomed to seeing a well-established seasonal pattern of slower net sub growth, higher churn and higher operating margins in Q2, followed by accelerating subscriber growth, lower churn and lower operating margins in Q3 and Q4. We expect that seasonal pattern to repeat itself again this year. And like last year, our guidance assumes the gross margin will decline in response to another postal rate increase in May. Last quarter I described our full year subscriber guidance as somewhat conservative due to the economic climate and because of the increased complexity around Internet streaming. Today's earnings release upwardly revises our full year guidance for subscribers, revenue, net income and EPS and this reflects our increasingly positive outlook for the second half subscriber growth.  For the remainder of 2009 subscriber and revenue year-over-year growth rates should plateau near current levels and year-over-year growth rates for net income and EPS, which have increased significantly in each of the last three quarters, are likely to slow as we ramp our investment spending on licensed content for Internet delivery.  Now if the business continues to outperform our upwardly revised guidance, you should expect us to continue to manage the business with one eye on incremental profit and one eye on faster growth. This would roughly translate on average to operating margins of about 10% for the full year. With some variability around this average on a quarterly basis, 10% represents a continuation of a steady four-year trend of expanding operating margins.  Finally, I'd like to update you on our stock repurchase program. During Q1 we repurchased 1.2 million shares at a cost of $43 million, with an average cost of $36.29. We anticipate repurchasing up to an additional $132 million during 2009.  In closing, Q1 like Q4 produced strong financial results. In this economic downturn, where flat is the new up, we continue to see solid momentum in the business quarter to date and remain confident in our ability to deliver the financial results summarized in today's guidance, which roughly equates to 20% plus year-on-year growth across our forecast metrics. That concludes my comments on the quarter. Now it's time to answer your questions. In order to answer as many questions as possible, we ask you to e-mail them to dcrawford@netflix.com. Deborah will read the questions out loud. Reed and I will do our best to answer them.  So Deborah, over to you for the first quarter, please.
Deborah T. Crawford: Great. The first questions come from Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners. First, will the Blu-ray price increases be able to stem the ARPU declines over the next several quarters? How should we think about ARPU trending over time?
Barry McCarthy: Let's see. I expect that we'll continue to see ARPU decline as long as the one and the two [out plans] remain [inaudible]. I'd remind you that those plans carry higher gross margins than, say, the higher-priced plans, like the three out and the four out, which is helping gross margin expand and increase profitability. The rate of decline will slow somewhat because of the Blu-ray price increase.
Deborah T. Crawford: And the next question is a [separate] question, so I'll just go in order.  Can you update us on your hardware partner relationships? Is there much in the pipeline at this point? That's the first part.
Reed Hastings: Yes, there's a tremendous amount of partnerships in the pipeline. We're working with everyone you would be expecting us to work with, and we're very happy with the way that's coming together. 
Deborah T. Crawford: And then the second part of her second question, concerns over the Xbox renewal in the second half of '09.
Reed Hastings: I don't have any comment on that.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next set of questions is from Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford. With 600,000 subscribers added from year end to February 12 and 300,000 added from there through quarter end, it seems as though subscriber growth trends may have slowed in the back half of the first quarter. Any thoughts if that was the case and why that may be?
Barry McCarthy: On last quarter's call I spoke about the historical seasonal pattern of subscriber growth and by way of reminder, we tend to see from slowest to fastest by quarter, slow growth in Q2, faster growth in Q3, faster growth in Q4, fastest growth in Q1 of the following year. An important insight is that Q4 growth tends to be back end loaded following the holidays and the Q1 growth tends to be front end loaded, which is the carryover of the prior year's holiday.  And so the pattern of growth that we saw in Q1 of this year was very similar to what we'd expected, with slightly more momentum than we forecasted when we gave guidance on last quarter's call, which is why we ended in the high end of the range of our guidance. 
Reed Hastings: And the pattern throughout the quarter followed the prior year's Q1s for the last five or 10 years, so there's nothing unusual in the pattern of flow in of subscribers during Q1.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Barton Crockett - Lazard. The amortization of content library fell to $49 million this year from $58 million last year even though revenue and subscribers are higher. Why is that?
Barry McCarthy: I comment on that in my script by pointing out to you that we have - and in last quarter's script - when I talked about the investment we've made in improving merchandising on the site and monetizing the long tail content and that's contributing to margin expansion and helping us manage the content acquisition expense. 
Deborah T. Crawford: And also from Barton Crockett regarding subscriber guidance: The first quarter subscriber count came in at the high end of your guidance, but the full year guidance was raised by 500,000 to 600,000. Can you talk about what changed from the last time you guided to now to motivate you to raise full year subscriber guidance?
Reed Hastings: I think we've just gotten incrementally confident in the rollout of subscribers out the year. We've continued to feel good about our condition relative to the impact of the economy, relative to the new initiatives that we have moving, so it's a cumulative set of things as opposed to any one specific thing that gives us confidence in our new and raised guidance.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Would we see a fee-based service for online only streaming by year end?
Reed Hastings: Streaming only is something that we look at from time to time. It's not on the short list of things. When we talk to subscribers, they're very focused on the hybrid aspect of what we do, offering both DVD and streaming, and that's because streaming only has the older content; it doesn't have the new releases. So the beauty of our subscriber is to be able to rent the new releases on DVD and Blu-ray and then there's that selection of catalog on streaming. So for now, with our streaming content where it is, the combination of DVD rental and streaming is really what consumers are interested in.
Barry McCarthy: So by way of extension, it's our view that if we launch the streaming only product, it'd be an interesting sweetener but a relatively small percentage of the total subscriber base.  [Inaudible] people ask the question, imagine that the introduction of a streaming only product would cause a large shift in subscriber mix away from hybrid to streaming only, and we have a very different perception of the opportunity for incremental growth that streaming only provides. 
Deborah T. Crawford: The next are two questions from Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital.  First, what gives you confidence that a digital content acquisition model won't shift toward variable with usage and are you seeing higher renewal costs on any digital content that you've recently renewed?
Reed Hastings: Let's see. On the first, there's a mix of content that's available in the market and the types of licensing have been set by competitive frame. If it's content, then mostly it's sold to TV channels and then it's mostly sold on a flat rate basis. If it's content that's brand-new released it might be sold on a more pay-per-view basis. So it's not driven by us or by the Internet, it's driven by what the market is by the other buyers.  The second question was in terms of renewing deals, have prices gone up, and the answer is in some cases they have. We've got a bigger subscriber base and we're able to pay more. We look at that as a win-win. The point of our business is to be able to grow very large on streaming and to pay the studios a large percentage of that, which gets us more and more content. So that's natural. It would be unnatural if it didn't happen. And the only thing that we have to watch out for is that it doesn't grow in some faster way than our business or somehow negatively impact our gross margins, which we can see is not happening. 
Deborah T. Crawford: Second question from Doug: What can you share with us about newer subscribers who are heavier digital users in terms of churn, ARPU, disk activity, profitability?
Reed Hastings: For competitive reasons we're not going to break out the different characteristics of different sub segments of the subscriber base. 
Deborah T. Crawford: Mike Olson had a gross margin question: Gross margin has been down an average of 3% sequentially in the last three March quarters. Why was it down only 1% this quarter? What do you expect for gross margins trends to be through the remainder of the year, keeping in mind normal seasonality would suggest up from this level? 
Barry McCarthy: Well, we dont guide the gross margin. [They have been] talking about my expectations for gross margin through the remainder of the year resulting from the expected postal rate increase in May. To the extent that gross margin fell, last thing you expected, you should look to our content spending, which ties back to our ability to monetize the long tail - sorry, as the principal driver - and in spite of the increased investment we're making in licensing of content.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Kenneth Smith - Munder. It's his usual question about the penetration rate in the Bay Area and the rest of the country.
Barry McCarthy: The Bay Area penetration rate at the end of Q1 rose to 20.3% from 19.4% in Q4 and the rest of the country at the end of Q1 was 8.9%, up from 8.1% in Q4. 
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup. Can you provide some color on the contribution that streaming-related devices had on subscriber additions in the quarter?
Reed Hastings: Mark, it's hard to be precise on it, but we think it's definitely very positive having these Blu-ray devices that you turn on and you've got Netflix right on the home screen. In Q4 there's a big benefit from Xbox, upgrading to the installed base, and that continued to help us through into Q1. So the more devices, especially devices that have the Netflix logo on the home screen where you're a click away from streaming, the better. So it's definitely a very positive part of the ecosystem for us.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Michael Pachter - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. How should we think about the incremental cost of Saturday fulfillment? Probably fixed rent and postage/envelopes, but higher personnel by what percentage?
Reed Hastings: Personnel's not too bad because it's really, Michael, related to the expansion of the number of shipments - that's the biggest impact - and the number of shipments narrowly hurts the P&L. What we've seen is every time we've opened a new distribution center we've expanded overnight delivery and increased shipment and then we get paid back with more retention and lower SAC in that area. So think of this like one more distribution center that's opened up.  And the more and more our distribution centers are around automation, the more and more the extra hours are fairly minimal because there's not too many people, but we're getting more usage out of the existing automation equipment.  So overall it's a fairly minor affect, but I think it will be definitely a positive one.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Kwan Kim - Eaton Vance. It says: Having been a user of Netflix Watch Instantly, I'm thoroughly impressed with the service. What are the dynamics involved in adding titles to Watch Instantly? 
Reed Hastings: It's mostly money. We just have to spend more money to get more content. So there are a couple of special cases, but mostly as we grow, as we get more usage, we're able to pay the studios more money and we are continuing to grow the content, as we have been over the last two years.
Deborah T. Crawford: His second question is: Do you have any idea what the profitability is with kiosks?
Reed Hastings: No, I don't.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is a follow up from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.  Why will SAC remain below $28 through the balance of the year? What are the new marketing efficiencies?
Barry McCarthy: Well, there aren't marketing efficiencies as compared with Q4 and Q1, so it's a continuation of the relatively weak economic environment and the relatively low cost of advertising. And secondly and importantly, it's the benefits associated with the organic growth that comes with consumer excitement related to the streaming product offerings that's driving the current rate of SAC and informs our expectations for SAC for the reminder of the year. 
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Securities. Why has fulfillment expense continued to climb as a percentage of revenue? Are there specific investments that are having a meaningful impact right now? Does leverage kick in at some point?
Barry McCarthy: Well, it was up only slightly in the current quarter and that related to some duplicate expenses associated with moving a central ops facility from one part of the country to the other. And then, particularly on a sequential basis, there's a usage increase in Q1 that happens every Q1 and that boost fulfillment expense some in the current quarter. 
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Larry Witt - Morningstar:  This is with regards to ARPU. Are new subscribers coming in at lower prices and are existing subscribers trading down?
Barry McCarthy: Well, let me take the second part of the question first. I haven't looked at the trading up/trading data in the quarter, but last quarter when I looked at it the trading down was almost completely inconsequential. So it's small; we could ignore it completely as a contributing factor to shifts in ARPU.  The one and the two out plans are very popular amongst new subscribers and so when [inaudible] when the mix of existing subscribers by price points roughly equal to the mix of new subscribers, then you'll stop seeing a movement in ARPU assuming that churn rates for new subscribers and existing subscribers are roughly equal, which they won't be. So you should expect it to continue to move from time to time.  My own view is that the presence of a one out plan and the presence of a two out plan, let's say, in comparison to the three out plan increases the net profits of Netflix because in the absence of a one out plan those subscribers wouldn't be Netflix members. In other words, we're not seeing substitution behavior between a three out customer and a one out customer. So as long as the one out and the two out customers are profitable - and on a percentage basis they're more profitable than three out customers - then the presence of those subscribers increases enterprise value of Netflix.
Deborah T. Crawford: Next is a follow up from Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Does full-year subscriber growth guidance overall take into account additional device deals beyond what you've already announced?
Reed Hastings: It takes into effect the deals that we're pretty certain will launch this year, so things that we have a high expectation of in the year are baked in. Any deals that are speculative or are uncertain at this point would not be baked in.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research. You guys always seem to have a good sense of competition on the physical front. Do you have a sense of what competition is looking like on the digital front, particularly from Amazon and Apple?
Reed Hastings: Yes. I would say the overarching thing is that the competition on the digital front that exists today, which is the advertising-based free streaming from Hulu and YouTube and the pay-per-view from Amazon and Apple, all three of us are three drops of water in an ocean of viewing that's mostly TV viewing. All of us are competing for the five hours a day that's in a typical American household of watching television. And so we hardly notice each other. Mostly what we're doing is all trying to figure out what fraction - you know, it's a giant ocean of TV viewing - can we capture by creating better experiences?  So I think we all recognize in the long term there'll be some competition between us and between the different segments of pay-per-view subscriptions and ad supported, but for now we're all so tiny relative to TV viewing that that's where our energies are focused.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Brock Saunders - Citigroup.  Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of credit card delinquencies? How do current credit card delinquencies compare to historical trends?
Barry McCarthy: We have not seen a big increase. 
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Matt Schindler - Merrill Lynch. How much of the drop in SAC do you attribute to the streaming service versus the drop in advertising prices?
Barry McCarthy: I would say I don't have anything to add to the comments I've already made about SAC. It would be very hard to know. I'm not going to hazard a guess.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Tony Wible - Janney Montgomery Scott.  Let's see. I'm just looking for a question. Sorry, there's multiple questions here and I want to make sure it's one that we haven't asked before.  Have you seen any lower disconception on subs using the streaming service?
Barry McCarthy: Well, I did on last quarter's call say that we had seen some early data and there was reason to be optimistic. We won't have anything further to say about that on a quarter to quarter basis until and unless there's something definitive and then we may have something to say about it or we may not, depending on competitive circumstances.  I think you can tell from our guidance that we've continued to feel in general at a high level, without attributing it to individual aspects of the way in which the business is operating, pretty optimistic about the overall health of the business financially through year end. 
Deborah T. Crawford: From [Richard Grosday - Ross]:  What is the Blu-ray subscriber count now and have you allowed for any attrition in the second quarter due to the price increase?
Reed Hastings: We're happy with the Blu-ray subscriber base. It'll continue to grow as new players come out that are lower and lower priced. The big driver of Blu-ray adoption is player prices falling. In terms of Q2, our expectations are based upon what we've seen, which is exactly as we would have thought and predicted, so the answer to the second question is yes.
Deborah T. Crawford: Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co. has a follow up question related to the Xbox deal. Does the Xbox deal restrict you in some way to tie up with other game console manufacturers? If so, then how long does the exclusivity last?
Reed Hastings: It is exclusive for us currently and we're not commenting on the other terms, for example, how is that exclusive in effect for at this point.
Deborah T. Crawford: Another follow up from Matt Schindler - Merrill Lynch: The midpoint of subscriber and revenue guidance assumes - and this is according to his calculation, obviously - 2Q ARPU of $13.01, which is a sequential drop after a sequential increase in Q1. What changed in Q1 to raise ARPU over Q4 and what is assumed in the Q2 guidance to cause the drop?
Barry McCarthy: I think this will be the last question we'll take on ARPU. The impact in Q4 to Q1 was the benefit of the Blu-ray price change. 
Reed Hastings: The Blu-ray price change from six months ago. 
Barry McCarthy: Right. Thank you. And the change in ARPU from Q1 to Q2 reflects mix of new subscribers versus the existing base, one. Two, Q2 has a different - we get this question often - Q2 has a very different pattern of subscriber additions than does any other quarter and so the number of revenue months always distorts the ARPU calculation. So be careful in running your models; it tends to be very back end loaded.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners. As streaming becomes a bigger component of [the mix] [inaudible] disadvantage relative to the larger players with [inaudible] and does [AC usage] change your answer to this question?
Reed Hastings: Would you say the question again?
Deborah T. Crawford: As streaming becomes a bigger component of the mix, [inaudible] and does [AC] usage change your answer to that question?
Reed Hastings: Most of us who are streaming are contracting with [inaudible] Akamai, Level 3 and others, and I presume the larger that you are, the better [inaudible] you can get, kind of normal commercial leverage. But I don't see that that's going to be a material difference because the cost of streaming is quite low relative to content, so content acquisition is where the difference is and the advantages of scale may or may not come in.
Barry McCarthy: Do you want to comment on our scale or no? No.
Deborah T. Crawford: Okay, Operator, we'd like to open the call for a few final questions just in case anyone has an additional clarification or I missed your question. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners: I wanted a little bit more clarification as to why the lower usage plans are more profitable. I assume you're not taking SAC into account when you recognize that profitability. Is there just lower usage throughout the months? 
Barry McCarthy: Basically that's it. I'm talking specifically about the gross margin, Christa, on those plans as compared with, say, a three and a four out plan. So it just happens that the relationship between the revenue per disk shipped as compared with the cost per disk shipped is higher on the lower-priced plans than it is on the three out plan.
Christa Quarles - Thomas Weisel Partners:  And are those the folks who are generally moving over to kiosk or is there any distinction?
Barry McCarthy: No. No distinction that I'm aware of. And I should add that the relationship between the gross margin and the lower-priced plans and, say, the three and the four out plan has not shifted over time. That's always been more profitable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets & Co..
Heath Terry - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I was wondering, given the shifting of the international landscape that we've seen in the last few months, does that change at all your level of interest or your perspective on potentially entering those markets at some point?  And if so, do you feel like looking at that that your technology and scale that you've built here in the U.S. gives you enough of an advantage over those incumbent players?
Reed Hastings: I'm not exactly sure which international changes - since the markets have been in such turmoil, I guess you could choose almost any - but it's a background influence. We remain in the camp of someday we'd like to be a global company like others, but for now we're focused on expanding our share in the U.S. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Reed, you talked a lot about the development of the kiosk market. Do you have any data, have you seen any evidence, on how much overlap there would be with the [break in audio]. 
Deborah T. Crawford: Mark, we can't hear you. Sorry. I don't know if you're on a speaker phone or if you can repeat your question, but you trailed off.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup:  Sorry about that. Can you hear me now?
Deborah T. Crawford: There you go, yes - no.
Reed Hastings: I'm afraid, Mark - if you e-mail that in - I'm guessing that it was something about kiosks and penetration, but - 
Deborah T. Crawford: E-mail it to me and I'll ask it. Next question?
Operator:  Your next question comes from Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Yes, thanks. By the way, I think everybody hears the same kind of noise you guys are hearing. Barry, I hate to beat a dead horse here, but just going back to ARPU one last time maybe just to clarify, when you issued the $1 increase in ARPU for Blu-ray, that had had a positive effect on ARPU. Now I guess in a few weeks you're going to be instituting a 20% to 25% increase, which comes out to potentially more than $1. How would that not positively impact the ARPU for Q2 and Q3 and frankly beyond until the lower price plans kind of catch up with it? And then, Reed, you said something that I felt was real interesting about how even the 20% or 25% premium you were going to be charging for hi-def, Blu-rays would not be enough to kind of cover what Netflix pays to the studios, if I understood that correctly. Maybe you can just help us understand kind of the magnitude of that delta? That would be very helpful. Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: Well, the answer to the first part of the question is that the Blu-ray price change does help ARPU, meaning without it ARPU would be lower than we expect it to be. It may be that your expectation and our forecast are slightly out of alignment on degree of impact associated with growth in Blu-ray subscribers at new price points. 
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Wouldn't you expect a sequential increase - dollar increase; I'm not talking about percentages, just sequential increase - in ARPU?
Barry McCarthy: Well, we don't guide to ARPU so I'm not going to say any more about it than that.
Reed Hastings: Youssef, what I said on Blu-ray content is that from some studios the Blu-ray surcharge is much higher than works for us under the 20% to 25% consumer premium. There's still some diversity of opinion in studios and so it gives us a sort of split cost in various ways.  We're hoping to be able to resolve those issues so that it's not substantially less profitable for us than standard def and then we have an incentive to promote it. So the whole industry I think is in the middle of working out what will be the pricing. 
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question Mark Mahaney just emailed me from Citigroup: Do you think there is any natural overlap between the Netflix and kiosk customer base? In other words, are you seeing signs that Netflix customers see kiosk as a peer complement versus perhaps a competing offering?
Reed Hastings: Well, there certainly are a number of current Netflix subscribers who say they supplement, especially for the new release and last minute, from kiosks and that's a very positive relationship. There's other subscribers who say all I want are the new releases and so I'm going to cancel Netflix and that's not a positive, so it's a mix of those two.  I would say that the silver lining, Mark, is that it hits video stores, we think, much harder than it hits us. And to the degree that kiosks grow as rapidly as the kiosk companies say, it's going to result in more quick and larger closures of video stores than we would have otherwise seen. So in the end we may get a net benefit, but it's a little hard to tell.
Barry McCarthy: Mark, you should also remember that the [fourth] of subscribers who are now supplementing their rental activity with kiosks, which Reed made reference to, those same customers used to exhibit the same behavior but with video stores. So it's not that supplementing is a new behavior, it's just where they go to supplement has shifted from stores to kiosks.
Deborah T. Crawford: Operator, we'll take one more question.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Barton Crockett - Lazard.
Barton Crockett - Lazard: I thought the kiosk comment was very interesting and I was wonder, Reed or Barry, it seems like that the growing popularity of $1 new release rentals can't be good for the new release sell through business for studios. Do you expect the studios to try and do something to squelch the growth of the kiosk business, more of what like Universal is trying to do with redbox or do you think ultimately that they won't be able to do anything or don't want to do anything?
Reed Hastings: Barton, we don't have a special insight into that. We don't track kiosks all that closely except as it affects our business. I wanted to be clear with investors that it's having a rising impact as video stores are shrinking, but in terms of how the industry feels about it and sell through I'd refer you probably over to the studios for that. 
Operator:  And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time I'd like to turn the call back over to Reed Hastings for any closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Well, thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. To recap, the business continued to perform strongly in Q1 and our outlook for the full year improved. The DVD by mail business continues to grow rapidly and we expect that trend to continue for the foreseeable future. At the same time, it's clear that instant streaming is energizing our growth. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress in July. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And that does conclude today's call. We do appreciate everyone's participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah T. Crawford - Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer  Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray & Co. James Friedland  Cowen & Company Richard Ingrassia  Roth Capital Partners, LLC Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital [Snirnivoss Anonca  Oppenheimer & Company] Colin Sebastian  Lazard Capital Markets Matthew Hart  Van Kampen Investments Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co. Heath Terry  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Derek Brown  Cantor Fitzgerald Charles Wolf  Needham & Company Andy Hargreaves  Pacific Crest Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the Netflix fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference. As a reminder todays call is being recorded. For opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the conference over to Miss Deborah, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Deborah T. Crawford: Welcome to Netflix fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys Co-Founder and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2008. We released earnings for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:05 pm Pacific time. The earnings release which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and this conference call are available at the companys investor relations website at WWW.Netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 5:00 p.m. Pacific time today.  Finally as we noted in the press release we issued earlier today we are going to conduct the question portion of the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to me at dcrawford@netflix.com. And now Id like to turn the call over to Reed.
Reed Hastings: Welcome everyone to the call. Our goal is to grow subscribers and earnings every year while expanding into Internet delivered video. We made great progress against this goal in 2008. Despite the recession we grew our subscriber base from 8.7 million to 9.4 million subscribers in Q4. As you can see from our Q1 guidance we expect this strong growth to continue in the first quarter paralleling our strong subscriber growth with strong earnings growth with EPS at $0.38 for the quarter up 65% from a year ago and $1.32 for the full year up 36% from 2007. The strength of our business allowed us to increase EPS at these rates while at the same time substantially increasing our investment levels in Internet delivered video. In hindsight in Q4 we under-forecast our subscriber growth primarily because we underestimated the positive impact of the introduction of the multi-function CE devices from LG Electronics, Samsung, Microsoft and TiVo that promote Netflix streaming. The second smaller factor in our outperformance was better than expected responses to our marketing. The precise impact of the recession is unclear but its very clear that streaming is energizing our growth. While our streaming success is exciting and well spend some time on it later on this call we continue to invest in improving our DVD buy mail experience. Theres a lot of top and bottom line growth left in online DVD rental. We expect our DVD and Blu-Ray shipments to continue to grow in 2009 as they did in 2008 as we improve our service levels in this general eCommerce acceptance helps us grow despite flatness in the overall DVD and Blu-Ray rental. We think our annual disk shipments will continue to grow every year for many years and even in the highly penetrated San Francisco Bay area our shipments are continuing to grow. In terms of Blu-Ray specifically about 700,000 of our subscribers were renting Blu-Ray from Netflix at the end of Q4 and adoption is growing nicely. If Blu-Ray player prices continue to fall as expected driven by next generation chip designs then wide adoption becomes increasingly likely and with it extended life of disk based viewing. Our growing scale gives us many operational advantages. Were now up to nearly 60 distribution centers across America and can provide delivery to over 97% of our subscribers in about one business day. This quarter well be testing weekend shipping in parts of the country which will provide even faster service both for those new subscribers who signed up over the weekend and for those subscribers returning movies at the end of the week. The payoff of this relentless operational focus is the competitive advantage of continuing high levels of customer satisfaction. We once again came in on top of 4C results ranking of customer satisfaction for eCommerce tied this time at number one with Amazon. Our success in DVD by mail is driving our earnings growth as well as fueling our Internet delivery and were working hard to ensure that our success in DVD by mail continues. Turning to streaming in Q4 we substantially increased our investment in streaming content and we plan to substantially increase our spending on streaming content in 2009. We have a basic plan at $4.99 per month that offers some streaming of some content and we have premium unlimited plans starting at $8.99. One of our content investments is to include Starz Play in all our premium plans. Starz Play includes the major films of Sony and Disney. Most of our streaming content spending however is directly with TV networks and studios. We now have over 12,000 movie and TV choices up from 2,000 two years ago and we plan to spend as much money as we can with the studios, licensing as much content as we can and we are already one of the studios largest Internet revenue sources. Our spending is limited only by what content is available at reasonable prices and what we can afford in total given our earnings goals. Our existing subscribers are watching instantly in ever greater numbers and in just the last month millions of our subscribers got more value from their Netflix subscription by streaming. The more subscribers watch online from Netflix the more likely we think they are to remain subscribers and to watch slightly fewer DVDs in a month. Since we dont have a control group of random subscribers who are not enabled for instant watching we cant tell you exactly how large these positive effects on turn and disk usage are but we believe they exist. Increased streaming content not only helps us with our current subs but also helps us with CE partnerships. One of the main reasons LG Electronics, Samsung, Microsoft, TiVo and others want to offer Netflix streaming to their customers is instant access to compelling content with the promise of even more content to come. This helps them differentiate their products against non-Netflix ready devices and adds value to the customer. The LG Electronics and Samsung Blu-Ray players in particular had a very high connect rate during the fourth quarter. That is a high percentage of purchasers are subscribing to Netflix. Xbox and TiVo had a lower percentage but larger total numbers due to their software updates to their substantial installed bases. While we dont pay or charge anything to have our software included in devices we do pay our partners to generate new Netflix subscribers. In other words some of our marketing dollars are going to our CE partners to help create demand for new Netflix subscribers and that is included in our subscriber acquisition cost. Nearly all the CE generated subscribers also rent DVDs from Netflix which really reinforces the importance of the DVD streaming combination subscription. For the long period the DVD period is relevant to consumers. If our CE partners can make more money from promoting us than promoting other services because of our broader relevance than we will be able to maintain our preferred placement over time. We continue to gain new and deeper partnerships with CE manufacturers. At CES a few weeks ago Samsung and LG announced the expansion of Netflix into a wider range of their Blu-Ray models in 2009 and to have the Netflix application included directly in some of the LG broadband connected televisions. Similarly we announced our first partnership with Vizio to have the Netflix application included in their televisions. Were in discussions with nearly every major CE company and one by one we hope to be able to broadly cover the Blu-Ray category and the Internet TV category over the next few years. In terms of having our Netflix application included in additional video game consoles we currently have an exclusive deal with Microsoft Xbox. Weve been very busy expanding our CE device partnerships but we also added support for Apple Computers and improved our PC based player. We see the laptop as a significant long term viewing platform not as an intermediate step towards something else and are investing accordingly in continuing to improve our laptop based player. Our first CE partner, Roku, recently announced that their devices including the installed base of Netflix players would be updated to include the Amazon Pay-Per-View service. We are fully in support of this and let me explain why. There are three primary economic models for streaming, ad supported such as Hooloo and YouTube, Pay-Per-View such as Amazon and Apple and subscriptions such as Netflix. The downside of our CE partners adding the Amazon Pay-Per-View service is more competition for Netflix but the competition is pretty indirect because of the Pay-Per-View business is in big new releases that we dont offer on streaming subscription. The upside is that Amazon will also be promoting the streaming CD devices which provides us more households to stream our service to. Similarly CE companies are adding the ad supported services to their devices. The combination of all of these models will accelerate adoption of video streaming. At some point the ad supported companies or the Pay-Per-View companies may decide to also provide subscription like Netflix. The Netflix competitive advantages are that we combine streaming with DVD rental and that our large subscriber base helps us afford more content and that we are significantly subsidizing streaming content for the next few years. Our intent is to focus exclusively on our subscription model as it is a large enough opportunity for us and we are more likely to prevail by focusing on subscription. Consumers who subscribe to Netflix also go to movie theaters, buy DVDs, subscribe to cable, use Pay-Per-View services, watch YouTube and Hooloo and even rent DVDs from local stores. No firm or model owns an entertainment customer and we think theres room for us to create a large subscriber base while other firms also succeed with their model. All in all we are making solid progress in our online video efforts. We are still in investment mode for Internet delivery but we can see how between the CE partner promotion and the possibly reduced disk usage we should be able to keep increasing our content investment while at the same time growing earnings in accordance with our desires. In terms of competition the market for entertainment video remains intense. DVR based television continues to grow, free ad supported Internet video services are growing, kiosk based $1 DVD rentals continue to grow, VOD from both cable and Internet companies is growing and video stores are only shrinking slowly. Despite this intense marketplace activity our consumer proposition is working well and we continue to significantly expand our subscriber base. Ill close where I started. We had a strong fourth quarter capping off a solid year. We had good growth in our core DVD offering and growing momentum in our instant watching. We currently expect to hit 10 million subscribers this quarter which is a wonderful, hugely symbolic milestone of which we are proud. Now Ill turn it over to Barry.
Barry McCarthy: The core performance will be the focus of my remarks. Ill also comment on our Q1 and full year 2009 guidance and update you on our stock buy back authorization and repurchase activity. Sub growth revenue, [SAC], turn, gross margin, net income, EPS, free cash flow. All these metrics were better than we expected in Q4 especially free cash flow of $51 million which is more free cash flow than we had produced in all of 2007 a new record. Ill provide more detail on the quarter in a moment but first I want to acknowledge that our October forecast of slowing growth turned out to be wrong. As Reed indicated our CE partnerships and our expanding library of license content had a positive impact on our growth in Q4. Weve been heavily investing in Internet delivery for several years and Q4 was the first time we saw the benefits in terms of significantly faster sub growth, lower SAC, more profit and greater enterprise value. Lets look at the drivers of Q4 performance in more detail. Subscriber growth accelerated during the quarter and we finished 2008 up 26% on a year-over-year basis. It was our fourth consecutive quarter of 20+% net sub growth remarkable considering we cut marketing spending on a year over basis by 8%. The acceleration in sub growth was accompanied by near record low SAC of $26.67.  In addition to the multi-platform growth I just talked about near record low SAC was driven by stronger growth across paid acquisition channels and word of mouth combined. As the quarter unfolded it became clear from the underlying performance of the business that we could drive faster growth with increased marketing spending of $8 million and still meet street expectations for Q4 earnings. This increased spending helped drive the outperformance on adding subscribers and we continue to see strong momentum in our business quarter to date. Gross margin improved 140 basis points year-over-year to 35.2% despite the 2008 postal rate increase and the growing expense of licensing Internet delivered content. With great engineering talent we continued to improve our websites ability to merchandise long tail content which was an important contributor to margin expansion. The sequential improvement in margins of 100 basis points resulted from the expected seasonal decline in DVD usage in Q4. Two additional observations about gross margin, one, we are seeing early signs of less DVD usage with some subscribers who are also watching instantly as compared to subscribers who only receive DVDs. Time will tell whether this substitution effect is an attribute of early adopters or a mainstream behavior. Over the long term if this substitution effect becomes a mainstream behavior and other things being equal Netflix profit margins would expand as postage and packaging expense is replaced by streaming expense. This margin expense would be offset somewhat by higher content cost which would accelerate revenue growth for our studio partners a win-win proposition for us and for them. My second observation is that one of the primary determinants of gross margins for the foreseeable future will be the overall level of investment spending in online content. The level of spending will be paced by our success with streaming and our determination to continue to deliver strong earnings growth. As I mentioned in my opening remarks free cash flow of $51 million was remarkably strong and established a new high water mark for the business. The largest sequential growth drivers were a $19 million increase in deferred revenue from the sale of gift subscriptions followed by a working capital increase of $11 million and higher net income excluding non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense of $6 million offset by a $15 million increase in content spending. Some of these seasonal factors and timing differences like the growth in deferred revenues in AP will reverse themselves in Q1 which brings to the subject of guidance. Our Q1 guidance reflects the strong momentum we see in the business today. The full year guidance assumes a continuing difficult economic climate. From our perspective subscriber growth in the back half of the year is subject to greater uncertainty than in prior years both because of the economic climate and because the increased complexity around Internet streaming. Youve only to look at our forecasting miss in Q4 to see an example of this. So while our full year forecast of decelerating net sub growth represents our best and possibly somewhat conservative thinking we acknowledge that the full year could be much better than we forecast like it was in Q4 or it could be somewhat worse. Given the rapid growth and the popularity of our streamed content as more and more Netflix subscribers are able to consume that content on their TVs we expect the popularity of our $8.99 subscription plan to continue to grow and SAC to continue to remain below $30. Our guidance assumes a $0.02 postal rate increase in May of this year. In the event postal rates increase by less than we forecast we will likely reinvest some of the savings in growing the business faster. With our without this added investment we will grow on a percentage basis our investment in the Internet delivery of movies and TV content significantly faster than the year-over-year percentage growth in revenue. Over time we expect this incremental investment to generate faster subscriber growth and potentially lower turn and lower disk usage as well as more profit and more enterprise value. As is customary in Q1 we expect to see a sequential decline in gross margin related to seasonal patterns of disk usage. By way of reminder disk usage tends to tick up in Q1, down in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 is lower still. Gross margins tend to move inversely with disk usage. At a high level I would say our core financial objective for 2009 is to grow net income by at least 12% even as we significantly increase our investment in Internet streaming and if we begin to outperform our net income forecast our secondary objective is to reinvest some of the additional profit in even more spending on Internet streaming and/or subscriber acquisition expense to drive future profit growth. Finally Id like to provide an update on our stock buy back program. During Q4 we repurchased $10 million or 499,000 shares at an average cost of $20. The balance of the unused authorization about $50 million expired on December 31st of last year. For the full year 2008 we purchased a total of 7.3 million shares offset by stock option grants and ESPP issuance of 1.1 million shares for a net decrease in outstanding shares of 6.2 million. Under previous authorizations we have repurchased a total of 12.1 million shares at a total cost of $300 million and an average cost of $24.85 reducing our year end fully diluted share count by 17%. Today Im pleased to announce the Netflix Board has authorized a new share repurchase program for 2009. Based on the Boards authorization we anticipate a repurchase program of up to $175 million. Future repurchases would be made in accordance with this authorization. In closing and in summary Q4 results were better than we expected actually much better and we continue to see strong momentum in the business today. Were excited by the early indications and our investment in the Internet delivery of movies and TV content is beginning to bear fruit and we look forward to talking with you about the performance of the business again next quarter. Now its time to answer your questions and as a reminder wed like to email your questions to Deb Crawford at dcrawford@Netflix.com as you did last quarter. Deb will read the questions out loud and Reed and I will do our best to answer them.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Miss Crawford, Ill turn the conference back over to you with the first question.
Deborah T. Crawford: The first question is from Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray & Co.
Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray & Co.: What can we expect for the trajectory of watch instantly content acquisitions? First part of that question.
Reed Hastings: As Barry said were going to increase the spending faster than revenue growth. If youre looking for title count, were trying not to get measured by that because sometimes a single set of big titles makes a bigger difference than 1,000 small titles. Theres some correlation with title count and it will continue to rise but we want to do is have more and more relevant content for our subscribers and weve made good progress on that to date.
Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray & Co.: The revenue and subscriber guidance for Q1 in 2009 is higher than we anticipated but EPS guidance is essentially in line. Can you talk about what expectations are offsetting higher revenue, is it watch instantly or marketing spend?
Reed Hastings: Its difficult for us to respond to changes in our forecast as compared with your expectations since obviously were on slighter different pages. Id remind you that as the business grows faster we also incur marketing expense associated with the growth in those subscribers and then over the life of those subscribers perhaps your value in terms of lifetime profit and enterprise value. So it may simply be a timing difference.
Deborah T. Crawford: James Friedland  Cowen & Company.
James Friedland  Cowen & Company: Are the cuts in G&A from the shutdown of Red Envelope and the recent downsizing of watch instantly customer service now behind the company?
Reed Hastings: Red Envelope, yes. Were not sure what the other.
Deborah T. Crawford: He says downsizing of watch instantly customer service.
Reed Hastings: I think that might be a reference to, weve had in our customer support group people who had to debug low level PC issues because our software had low level PC bugs that we did a new release of our PC watching client which is substantially free of those errors and so we were able to release a number of the technical specialists in customer support. I think thats what thats a reference to. Which is there wasnt work for them to do that was technical in nature.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Richard Ingrassia  Roth Capital Partners, LLC.
Richard Ingrassia  Roth Capital Partners, LLC: Do you think youre still pulling the majority of your new subscribers from the pool of current or former Blockbuster members? If not, from where then?
Reed Hastings: I dont know that weve ever pulled the majority of our subscribers from current or past Blockbuster subscribers. I dont perceive a material change where subscribers come from, a lot of them are multi-use customers. They do Pay-Per-View, they buy, they rent, theyre involved in media so theres no big shift there that weve perceived about where subscribers come from.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital: Can you talk about the reclassification in the cash flow statement, etc. for streaming content?
Barry McCarthy: Weve gotten several questions about this. With the evolution of our acquisition of streaming content we determined in consultation with our auditors that the streaming content should be classified in accordance with FAS 63 which is new and the portion of the streaming content thats expected to be amortized on a straight line basis over the next 12 months is classified in the current content library. The acquisition of streaming content is classified as operating activities in the cash flow different from DVD but theres no impact on the income statement or free cash flow.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Snirnivoss Anonca  Oppenheimer & Company.
Snirnivoss Anonca  Oppenheimer & Company: I know that the streaming service is currently complementary to the normal subscription service but in the future do you plan to launch a dedicated streaming service?
Reed Hastings: Thats definitely a possibility, theres nothing that prevents us from offering dedicated. Our view on it is the bulk of the market is interested in the big new releases and in the subscription and were able through the DVD combination to provide that. Its definitely a possibility for the future but we dont think theres a big market there for streaming only given the content availability situation which is roughly 100,000 titles on DVD and about 12,000 on streaming.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Colin Sebastian  Lazard Capital Markets.
Colin Sebastian  Lazard Capital Markets: Do you have any plans to expand Internet delivery from streaming videos into the rental or purchase of digital downloads?
Reed Hastings: Thats not an area as I went through my comments about Pay-Per-View whether Pay-Per-View is streaming or download its essentially the same thing. Thats really about our brand, our brand is really about monthly entertainment and subscription and thats what were focused on. So we dont have any plans to be involved in those markets where Amazon, Apple, Blockbuster and a few others play.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Matthew Hart  Van Kampen Investments.
Matthew Hart  Van Kampen Investments: Would you ever look to acquire Blockbusters mail business?
Reed Hastings: Never say never but I think those days were big two or three years and mostly what were focused on now is expanding in the streaming direction.
Matthew Hart  Van Kampen Investments: What are some of the key technological hurdles preventing broader adoption of streaming?
Reed Hastings: I dont know if there are really broad technological hurdles but the board hurdles are just having people get used to it. The first stage is having people watch Internet video on their PC or their laptop from YouTube, from Hooloo, from CNN, from Netflix. The second stage is through Internet based devices, game consoles, Blu-Ray, TV and then what youll see is more and more content providers follow ABC, CBS, etc. and provide the streaming on the web. The ecosystem is building very nicely, Internet video is on a significant rise and thats bringing in advertisers, subscription, Pay-Per-View and all of the content providers. I think well see very significant growth in online video over the next five years and we intend to participate in that.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research: While I realize its a small base today if you look at the base of streaming customers using one of the hardware solutions, Roku, LG, Samsung, Xbox, TiVo, what percentage of those subscribers are new to Netflix? In other words, can you give us a sense of the subscriber contribution from those devices?
Reed Hastings: Im going to hold off, Daniel, on providing any detail on that for competitive reasons.
Daniel Ernst  Hudson Square Research: Despite an increase in subscribers and some new releases like Wall-E and Dark Knight as well as a larger base of Blu-Ray available films, your library acquisition spend was down both sequentially and year-over-year. Can you discuss content acquisition spend trends?
Reed Hastings: Daniel, the thing thats confusing there is the mix between rev share and purchase so youre looking at the purchase line on the balance sheet and that only tells a percentage of the picture and in some years depending on what rev shares deals we have and how hot the studios are that we have the rev share deals with. Youll see that acquisition line move around. Its not a very useful indicator for you. We are continuing to invest and provide complete DVD availability and we have every Blu-Ray thats out too from the major studios. Were still very committed to that business and its on par I would say with the last couple years in terms of where the trends have been.
Deborah T. Crawford: The next question is from Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC.
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Are you seeing or do you expect to see any benefit from reduced ad rates for online and/or television?
Reed Hastings: We didnt see any benefits specifically in Q4. As youll recall from prior years we tend to be heavy online advertisers in Q1 when most retailers have withdrawn from the marketplace and were able to avail ourselves of attractive pricing because theres less demand in aggregate for online advertising from other retailers. We expect that trend to certainly be present in Q1 this year.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Mark Mahaney  Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Are you seeing any change in subscription plans due to the recession? In other words, are people trading down to lower price plans?
Barry McCarthy: No actually. In aggregate we see more people trading up than we see trading down.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co.
Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co.: Is there a way to parse out the impact to higher subscriber growth from more effective marketing spend and the benefit of streaming? Which one was more impactful?
Reed Hastings: Wed love to be able to separate those for ourselves so that we know where to spend more money but they both reinforce each other. The more we invest in streaming content the more press, the more platforms, the more it helps the rest of our marketing work and similarly the more that we spend on marketing it reinforces all the things with our CE partners and gets people who want Netflix service then to buy those devices. The both reinforce each other in very positive ways.
Deborah T. Crawford: From Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray & Co.
Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray & Co.: I have a hard time thinking of a reason why a CE partner would not want to incorporate watch instantly. Can you talk about any reasons why any potential CE partners have pushed back on watch instantly integration? Also, how many additional CE partners can we expect in the next couple of quarters?
Reed Hastings: Well Mike, [inaudible] good insight that there really is no reason not to include the Netflix offering. Its purely been technology which is some chip platforms are more able to handle the streaming of DRM and some take a little longer in the porting activity. Some companies perceive it as a high priority to get Netflix in and theyll allocate the team early, other companies havent yet seen it as a high priority. In all cases its not a negative, its purely around the amount of work that it takes to get in and the good news is were getting better and better as we do more and more of these platforms of making it easier to put in. I think you can expect a broader range of partners over the year. But again, you dont quite want think about it or strictly think about the number of partners, you want to think about it kind of as the percentage of devices that are sold. That is a few big partners make a bigger difference than a whole lot of smaller ones so I think our efforts are focused in the right place.
Deborah T. Crawford:  Your next question is from Heath Terry  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Heath Terry  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Does the success of your streaming service renew your interest in expanding internationally? Is there an important first mover advantage that you would consider in evaluating that decision?
Reed Hastings: Only slightly does it renew the interest. We would be on the international doing streaming only there and I dont know if theres enough content and a large enough eco system to do that. In terms of first mover advantage, Im sure there are. Wed love to be the first mover in those categories, Im not 100% sure we will be but for now were focused on growing and theres very large opportunity in the US and spending more on content and continuing to grow earnings and subscribers in the US.
Deborah T. Crawford:  Your next question is from Derek Brown  Cantor Fitzgerald.
Derek Brown  Cantor Fitzgerald: Youve mentioned in the past that we should measure, at least in part, your success in the digital realm by the number of Netflix enabled devices in the market by yearend 2009. Could you provide us with the aggregate number of Netflix enabled devices at yearend 2008 and a target for 2009?
Barry McCarthy: We havent released specific numbers on how many devices. I think what youve seen in from our investments is that our strategy is working, that is were getting in devices and its manifesting itself positively in the P&L. The more that it manifests itself positively in the P&L well be able to ask you to judge us purely by the P&L which is easier for everyone than the indirect of how many partners.
Operator:  Your next question comes from James Friedland  Cowen & Company.
James Friedland  Cowen & Company: Just a few housekeeping questions, one San Francisco bay area penetration in Q4? Two, is the buy included in the guidance? And three, what should we be using for an effective tax rate in 09?
Barry McCarthy: In reverse order, 41%, no comment and 19.4% bay area penetration and 8.1% penetration rest of country versus 18.8% in Q3 and 7.4% respectively.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co.
Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co.: Barry, just a quick clarification, I think you said in your answer to a question that was posed before that you have not seen any benefit from lower ad rates in Q4. Im just trying to reconcile that. Everything that were hearing from ad players out there, online ad players that at least on the CPM side and particularly on non-premium inventory where you guys seem to spend a lot of money, weve seen double digit declines year-on-year. Given the fact that youre one of the top 20 online advertisers out there how can you not see a benefit?
Barry McCarthy: You know, I put the question to our chief marketing officer in almost exactly the same tone and he reminded me that we already buy at low rates in mostly the remnant market so what must be happening is that the trickle down affect hasnt yet hit the remnants space which is already incredibly discounted.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney  Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Just a quick question on the free trial subs, I know its a small number, it did seem to pick up a little bit outside of historical norms, any read in to that? Do you view that as significant at all?
Barry McCarthy: That would be the strong momentum through the end of the quarter. The seasonal growth is very back end loaded in Q4 and tends to be very front end loaded, at least historically, in Q1. So, if youre carrying faster growth in to the end of the quarter than you have historically then you would see a higher proportion of free trials.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital: A couple of questions, the first one is just given the overall decline in DVD sales which we saw last year, is there any change to your overall sort of long term view that youre DVD by mail business peaks between 2013 and 2018? Then, secondly you commented on the digital spend as being greater than revenue growth most likely in 2009, how would you characterize the increase in digital spend 09 over 08 versus 08 over 07?
Barry McCarthy: Well, weve done a good job of not commenting actually on how much weve been spending. People tell me youve done a pretty good job of estimating how much we spent. So, we grew it a lot last year and were going to grow it very fast in the upcoming year. As we said during our prepared remarks, as much as the P&L will afford us the opportunity to grow it constrained by our target growth in EPS and at least 12% and paced by the success were seeing in the marketplace.
Reed Hastings:  Then you asked about DVD length, nothing has changed our view that our shipments and rentals will continue to grow and peak sometime in 2015 to 2018 as best we can tell.
Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital: If I can just follow up with one more, Barry do you think youre being equally conservative in our outlook for 09 as you have been in January of other years or is it reasonable to think youre being even a little bit more conservative just given the overall macro environment?
Barry McCarthy: We clearly are uncertain about what the second half of the year will bring I would say. On balance I think perhaps that tips the scale slightly more towards conservatism than optimism because the cost of missing is enormous as compared with the upside of beating. As the year progresses well have greater visibility in to how it unfolds. Id like to remind everyone that most of the sub growth historically has come in Q1 and Q4 with very little sub growth in Q2 and a slight acceleration in Q3 so we may not have a whole lot of visibility until about the second half of the year until late in the third quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Heath Terry  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Heath Terry  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.:  You mentioned that as you start to see a substitution affect there should be a net impact from the decline in packaging and shipping costs. Can you give us an idea if theres any impact one way or another on the content front? I guess put more simply, is the revenue share agreements that you have online different in any meaningful way from the cost of serving discs or the revenue sharing agreements that you have for your DVD business?
Barry McCarthy: Heath, your question presumes that content rights are acquired mostly on a rev share basis [inaudible] and theres a combination of picks and variables just like there is in DVD. I would say that license rights, the variable portion of the license rights simply because of the nature of the rights that were acquiring are uniquely different than they are in DVD.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Charles Wolf  Needham & Company.
Charles Wolf  Needham & Company: Do you think your business has actually been helped by the recession in the sense that people are not going to theaters as much instead substituting Netflix for that experience?
Reed Hastings: Theres no way for us to tell. Were very thankful that weve done so well but whether thats because of the recession or despite it, theres no strong evidence to either side. 
Barry McCarthy: I think your question ran to gross subscriber additions which is the context in which we answered it. I think we probably share the view in terms of the churn rate that we are seeing an uptick, a slight headwind related to the recession. So, holding all other things constant in the absence of a recession we would expect to see a lower churn rate and faster nets up growth.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC.
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Barry, a while ago you talked about this vintage churn concept and I was hoping you could just update us and let us know how that base pool of customers is churning and if relatively speaking we should still anticipate as they grow to be a larger portion of the sub base for the overall churn to kind of trend down?
Barry McCarthy: I think Tony youre referring to the base of subscribers we spoke about at the analyst day thats been with us for at least 12 months. I think at the time of the analyst day roughly 56% of the pays and a larger percentage today, I dont know what it is. I confess I havent looked at the churn rate for the subscribers who have been with us 12 plus months but I dont have any reason to think that it has changed in a significant way. Its been very stable for many years and I imagine that it is now as well.
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Any update on the number of turns youre seeing on each individual disc or any change in the breakage rates that youve seen in the most recent quarter or quarters?
Barry McCarthy: Well no, I mentioned that seasonally we saw disc usage decline. Ive seen some sale side speculation that with cocooning usage rates would go up. I dont think there is any evidence that thats happening so the quarter came in about what we expected. 
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: And on the breakage side, I guess thats what I was more looking at, are you seeing any envelopes missing, or just how long the discs are lasting?
Reed Hastings: No real change. We make a tiny bit of progress most quarters but, theres nothing going on.
Tony Wible  Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: In Blu-Ray versus standard def? I know way back we didnt know how well Blu-Rays durability would hold up, its been comparable to DVD?
Reed Hastings: Its much stronger than DVD relative to its format introduction. So, when DVD came out we had a tough situation and it took us a couple of years to get ahead of. Were much smarter now so were further down that curve than we were in DVD at this point in the life.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andy Hargreaves  Pacific Crest Securities.
Andy Hargreaves  Pacific Crest Securities: Does the expectation for online content acquisition costs to go up quite a bit [inaudible] expectation for loosening rights on premium content?
Reed Hastings: No. Were not expecting any change in studio windowing or anything dramatic in that way.
Andy Hargreaves  Pacific Crest Securities: So its a volume issue not price?
Reed Hastings: Yes. I mean, theres a lot of content out there from TV networks and some content from studios so theres plenty to buy as we give our buying group money. So, its really just how much can we afford to invest given our desire to continue to grow the total subscriber base i.e. invest in marketing and grow our earnings.
Andy Hargreaves  Pacific Crest Securities: Am I hearing you right that basically the margin compression is embedded in to guidance is almost exclusively more content acquisition?
Barry McCarthy: Well theres a little bit of postal rate but that would be the other one.
Operator:  That does conclude todays question and answer session. At this time Id like to turn the conference over to Mr. Reed Hastings for any additional or closing comments.
Reed Hastings: Thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. Just to recap and close the business performed very strongly in Q4 and it looks great quarter-to-date. Were really beginning to see the payoff from our investment in Internet delivered video. I look forward to updating you on our continued progress 90 days from now. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Again, that does conclude todays conference. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - Citigroup  Brian Pitz - Banc of America Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company Barton Crockett - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Netflix third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's third quarter 2008 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call.  We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 28, 2008.   We released earnings for the third quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com.  A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today.  Finally, as we noted in the press release we issued earlier today, we are going to conduct the question portion of the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to me at dcrawford@netflix.com.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Reed. 
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Deborah, and welcome, everyone. I will talk briefly about Q3 and then turn to what I imagine is on everyones mind, namely how the recession will affect Netflix.  In Q3, we added 261,000 net subscribers, down 9% on a year-over-year basis, while our total subscriber base grew to 8.7 million, up 23% from a year ago. Our EPS was strong at $0.33, up 43% from $0.23 one year ago.  We continue to improve the Netflix service by adding more content that can be watched instantly on PCs and TVs. We are now up to more than 12,000 choices and with the recent addition of content from Star, CBS, and Disney Channel, have increased the strength of our offering materially.  In Q3, we were very happy with the sales momentum of the $99 Roku device, which provides an inexpensive method for instantly streaming movies and TV episodes from Netflix to the television. Additionally, in early October, LG Electronics released the BD300, the first Blu-Ray player to include instant streaming from Netflix.  Part of our long-term strategy is to get our streaming client embedded in as many Blu-Ray players as possible. LG Electronics was our first such partner and well announce more Blu-Ray partnerships as they are ready for consumers.  In addition to getting embedded in Blu-Ray players, our partnership with Microsofts Xbox will help us gain more traction with consumers. Next month Microsoft will release a free software upgrade for all Xbox 360 users that includes instant streaming from Netflix. Xbox 360 owners will have to connect their console to the Internet and join the $50 per year Xbox Live Gold in order to access Netflix streaming. We will know more about its successes and potential a few quarters after it launches.  While our initiatives to deliver content to the TV are gaining real momentum, consumer comfort with watching video on a laptop is also growing, so we are continuing to invest in improving laptop oriented streaming from Netflix.  This quarter, we will begin the rollout of our second generation player software which runs on both Windows and Intel Macs. Its a huge step forward for online video players and well be announcing the details shortly.  Two of the most significant events in the quarter were our deal to distribute the Starz play content and Starzs separate decision to close Vongo. Starz is a very successful subscription content wholesaler who had been operating a direct-to-consumer extension called Vongo. Until recently, it looked like we might in a streaming world end up competing with the pay television networks going direct to consumer. Since they have the major studios new release content locked up on long-term exclusive deals, this would have led to a very fragmented set of consumer options and slowed the adoption of Internet delivery, so this pivot where Starz distributes its Starz play service through Netflix is very significant.  Our value-add is in our website, in our on-demand streaming model, and in our linking with DVD rental. With this new model, we think we can generate increased profits for Starz, increased profits for Netflix, and over time for the studios.  Now on to the impact of the recession on our business. A quarter ago in July, I told you that we appeared to be substantially unaffected by the then economic climate. Since July, however, the economy has deteriorated markedly. It now appears that the recession means continued subscriber growth for Netflix but not as vast as last year. This quarter to date our net adds are positive -- in other words, we are growing but our net adds so far this quarter are about 30% less than one year ago. For reference, our Q4 subscriber guidance is for our net adds for the fourth quarter to be between 60% below last year net adds on the low end to 6% above last years net adds on the high end.  The good news is that our earnings in Q4 will come largely from existing subscribers and not from new subscriber growth, so Q4 earnings are substantially insulated from the current climate. This is the real power of the subscription model.  If there is any effect from slower growth now, it would be more likely to boost Q4 earnings than to shrink them.  A small contributor to earnings in Q4 will be our $1 per month surcharge for those subscribers who have elected to enable access to the more expensive Blu-Ray high definition content. We expect to have about 0.5 million Blu-Ray enabled subs during this quarter and this number will grow over time as Blu-Ray player prices fall from 500 to 300 and below.  In summary, we are in the midst of challenging times that have shaken consumer confidence across the country. But the fact is the people continue to be attracted to the Netflix service and our business continues to grow in both subscribers and earnings. While the economic environment is out of our control and volatile, what is in our control is executing on our strategy, delivering great service with DVDs and instant streaming, and remaining flexible in a fluid environment.  At this point, Ill pass it over to Barry.   
Barry McCarthy: Good afternoon and thank you for joining todays call. Two weeks ago we preannounced Q3 results and our Q4 guidance. As you know from todays earnings release, Q3 results were in line with our pre-announcement. Todays release also updated our subscriber and revenue guidance for Q4, which Ill say more about in a moment.  As Reed discussed, sub growth slipped below our expectations in Q3 and thats disappointing news. The good news is that in a difficult economic environment which contributed to slower-than-expected subscriber growth, we managed to grow subscribers by 23% year over year and Q3 financial results demonstrated that our business model is healthy and functioning well.  In Q3, we continued to effectively manage our cost structure and delivered healthy earnings as profit margins expanded 70 basis points on a year-over-year basis. Net income grew by 30% year over year to $20.4 million and EPS grew by 43% year over year to $0.33. This represents an acceleration of growth in both net income and EPS on a year over year and a sequential basis.  With free cash flow of $26.2 million in Q3, the second-highest quarter of free cash flow in our history, with $251 million in cash and short-term investments and with a pristine balance sheet, the business is well-positioned from a financial standpoint to continue to execute on core strategic objectives for growing the business.  Reed summarized those objectives on our last earnings call when he said our goal at Netflix is to materially grow subscribers and EPS every year while expanding the unlimited DVD by mail service to also include unlimited Internet streaming.  My remarks today will focus first on our Q3 performance; second, Ill comment on our Q4 guidance; and lastly Ill update you on the progress of our stock buy-back efforts last quarter. Because Reed has already commented on subscriber growth, my comments will address the other key drivers of financial performance last quarter.  With respect to Q3 results, gross margin was an important contributor to strong earnings. On a Q-over-Q basis, gross margin increased by 240 basis points higher than we had initially expected. The primary contributor to margin growth was lower content cost, reflecting a seasonally weak new release calendar. We saw that weakness play out in the mix of new release versus catalog shipments, with catalog shipments reaching an all-time high as a percent of total shipments last quarter.  DVD usage was in line with our expectations last quarter. We have not and we are not seeing increased levels of DVD usage as consumers trim discretionary spending outside the home in response to economic pressures.  Churn for the quarter was 4.2%, the same as it was in Q3 of last year and in Q2 of this year. While we are pleased churn did not increase, we had expected the aging of our subscriber base to produce a slightly lower churn rate in Q3. The state of the economy may explain the modest headwind we have experienced with churn in Q3 and expect to experience in Q4, given the economic climate.  And now a word about SAC -- Q3 saw the first increase in the last six quarters. Thats the bad news. The good news is that SAC declined 15% on a year-over-year basis, which means our economic model remains healthy and weve maintained our financial discipline as we continue to grow the subscriber base. The primary reason for the increase in Q3 SAC was the decline in acquisition rates across all channels, including word-of-mouth, once again likely attributable in large part to the economy.  Earlier in my remarks, I commented on our strong balance sheet and I want to spend a moment talking about the composition of last quarters cash and short-term investments, which totaled $251 million at quarter end, 62% of which was held in cash, commercial paper, and U.S. government and agency paper. We have no exposure to the sub-prime mortgage market and limited exposure in the asset-backed market. Our portfolio is conservatively invested and appropriately valued and notwithstanding the substantial disruption in credit markets, I think were in pretty good shape.  Todays earnings release lowered our Q4 guidance for ending subscribers and revenue. As Reed mentioned in his remarks, like everyone else we are concerned about the state of the economy, the impact on overall consumer spending and the economys impact on our growth rate.  However, on balance we are generally optimistic about our relative growth prospects in the current economic environment because Netflix offers consumers a great service and a good value, and we remain confident we can manage spending and meet our Q4 earnings goals, like we did in Q3. But continued deterioration of the economy in general and consumer spending in particular could slow the rate of subscriber growth.  Finally, I would like to update you on the status of our stock buy-back program. In March of this year, we announced an additional share repurchase program of $150 million. This past quarter, we repurchased 3 million shares at an average cost of $30.09 per share, which leaves $60 million available to buy back additional shares under the current authorization.  Our Q3 buy-back raised our cumulative share repurchases to $11.6 million shares at a total cost of $290 million and an average cost of $25.06 per share.  In closing, we believe the fundamentals of our business model are sound. Our expense structure is appropriately sized to manage our planned growth as well as our strategic objective even in these uncertain times. We are fortunate that our business continues to generate strong free cash flow and that our balance sheet remains healthy.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Now its time to answer your questions. As Deborah mentioned at the beginning of our call, we would like you to e-mail your questions to dcrawford@netflix.com as you did last quarter. Deborah will read the questions out loud and Reed and I will do our best to answer them. So Deborah, over to you for the first question. 
Deborah Crawford: Thank you. The first question comes from Colin Sebastien at Lazard Capital Markets -- can you please comment on pricing trends in your online marketing spend, both on search and display ads?
Reed Hastings: We havent seen any material softening of those rates, such that would improve our efficiency. We are sort of watching the trends and hopeful that that from our sake as the buyer of such but nothing has broken yet. 
Deborah Crawford: The next set of questions comes from Youssef Squali at Jefferies -- first, can you speak to usage during the quarter? Is there a way to parse out lower usage from the Olympics/blackout in August versus the effect of lower priced plans?
Barry McCarthy: The short answer is no, not really. 
Deborah Crawford: Second question -- as we look at fiscal year 09 knowing what we know today about the economy and the consumer, do you expect the year to be better or worse than 08 in terms of customer ads?
Reed Hastings: That will depend quite a bit on the economy, so its -- normally we expect a relatively similar economy to what we currently have and I think for obvious reasons, thats not healthy at this point so we will be able to update you on 09 in January. 
Deborah Crawford: Next from Brian Pitz at Banc of America Securities -- we have seen a sharp drop-off in the retail sector in late August and September, even impacting other online names, such as eBay. We were hoping you would comment on subscriber adoption trends in September/October versus July/August, particularly since you have lowered sub guidance in the past two weeks. We assume October was much worse than previous expectations. 
Barry McCarthy: In my comments, probably the question was sent in before the comments, for the first time we broke out what weve done in the first part of October so for the first three weeks of October, we are experiencing approximately 30% below a year ago in terms of growth, in terms of net additions. So our growth is positive and its 70% as big as one year ago October. 
Deborah Crawford: Next, also from Brian at Banc of America Securities -- will the Starz deal bear significantly higher costs than your existing online content, in part because the titles appear to be new releases and less long-tail? Can you tell us anything about this idea or perhaps if the model is a rev share versus fixed fee versus something else?
Barry McCarthy: We dont break out details of the contract but all of the costs of it are built into our guidance for the quarter. 
Deborah Crawford: From Michael Olson at Piper Jaffray -- why was G&A so low? Is that sustainable?
Barry McCarthy: Michael, there were a number of one-time events in the quarter, the largest of which was our decision to exit the Red Envelope business and those reduced our, on an ongoing basis, spending levels in G&A. 
Deborah Crawford: Also from Michael Olson -- what is the percentage of customers using watch instantly? Have you seen the drop-off in DVD by mail for those customers?
Reed Hastings: Weve seen a growing adoption of the watch instantly as weve got more platforms and more content and we expect that to continue. You cant really see a drop-off in DVD usage because the people who go for online streaming are a different type of person so theres no good control of what those people would have done, so theres no easy way to tell that.  What we are feeling good about is with the new Starz content, the breadth of what we have from Disney Channel is we are getting more and more watching, which is exactly what we are aiming for. 
Deborah Crawford: From Jim Friedland at Cowen -- what drove the sequential increase in SAC? Was it related to the macro environment?
Barry McCarthy: Well as I said in my comments, there were two effects in the quarter and one is that response rates were down and secondly, we saw less by way of word-of-mouth growth than we thought we would, so the mix of free versus paid was lower than we thought it would be in the quarter, which contributed on average to higher SAC. 
Deborah Crawford: Also from Jim Friedland -- DVD purchases are down 2% year over year for the first nine months of the year. Are subscribers watching less content due to the aging base or is the mix shifting to rev-share?
Barry McCarthy: That varies, Jim, quarter to quarter and because the rev-share mix is fluid both as studios switch in and out of rev-share or as studios with rev-share have a hot hand, you really cant get a read by just looking at the CapEx on it. So overall, I would say its pretty steady, which is our spending. 
Deborah Crawford: From Barton Crockett at J.P. Morgan -- regarding the Blu-Ray price hike, the idea of percent uptake price hike offset by more product purchases. Does it help ARPU, potential for offset in lower subscriber growth and higher churn from price sensitivity or the opposite -- lower churn, better subscriber growth because of more product?
Barry McCarthy: Can you summarize that, Deborah? I think the question is whats the overall impact from Blu-Ray adoption and the answer is it remains to be seen. Theres still a relatively small percentage of the subscriber base signed up for Blu-Ray as Reed mentioned in his remarks and we think it will be still relatively small come year-end. 
Deborah Crawford: Okay. 
Barry McCarthy: Deborah is going to clarify. 
Deborah Crawford: Well, Barton, if you have a clarification, would you please e-mail it to me and then Ill get to it? Lets go on to the next one, also from Barton Crockett -- what was the gross margin impact of the $6.5 million service credit? Did usage go down? Is it sustainable?
Barry McCarthy: Well, usage did go down, Barton, because during the shipping interruption, we didnt ship DVDs. We have a rough estimate of what the impact on profit is but its hard to know. So I dont consider it to be a contributor of the higher gross profit in the quarter, probably the opposite but its just -- its an estimate on my part. 
Deborah Crawford: From Michael [Proctor] at Wedbush -- could you please explain the new pricing plan for Blu-Ray access with a simple answer -- is the price increase going to be implemented for all subscribers requiring those who prefer to pass on the Blu-Ray opportunity to opt out? There is some confusion as to whether the pricing is opt-in -- in other words, subscribers who choose Blu-Ray will be charged but those who do not affirmatively choose Blu-Ray will be not charged or opt out as described above. 
Barry McCarthy: Michael, its opt-in, so if you want Blu-Ray, you go through an additional sign-up as a member saying I would like Blu-Ray and we say its an extra dollar, and you say yes or no. The only case that it was opt-out, which is what generated the confusion, was Blu-Ray used to be a free option and of those who had prior signed up for Blu-Ray, they have an opt-out of the Blu-Ray status if they dont want the charge and thats what generated the confusion. But for the general subscriber going forward, $8.6 million is opt-in. 
Deborah Crawford: From Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest -- what was the linearity of churn? Did more people leave late in the quarter? 
Reed Hastings: No material change from it -- theres normal seasonal patterns that we see but there was no significant pattern, for example, related to the economy that we saw during the quarter. 
Deborah Crawford: And a similar question, also from Andy Hargreaves -- so linearity of gross additions, was it front-end loaded or consistent?
Reed Hastings: Well as we announced in our pre-release of the numbers, in August, presumably due to the Olympics and to our shipping outage, net additions were light, which is mostly steady churn, so its really light, and gross additions, we think from the distraction of the Olympics, and then September was relatively more strong. So it doesnt tie into the overall retail thesis of things getting worse and worse, and I think the Olympics was a special effect for us in terms of consuming viewing hours and thus obscuring the underlying economy. 
Deborah Crawford: From Doug Anmuth at Barclays Capital -- youve typically said you grow earnings in the middle of the pack of Internet companies but given the macro environment and even exchange, that packs growth rate will seemingly come down over the next 12 to 18 months. Is it reasonable to think you are still in the middle of that pack in 2009 or do you think you can outperform?
Barry McCarthy: Hard to know, as Reed pointed out in his comments, the nature of the subscription business is that it is positioned well to weather the storm of an economic downturn, as compared with a revenue stream that is essentially non-recurring. So we have a lot of optimism about our ability to sustain near-term profits and its hard to imagine that there would be a significant sharp downward departure from the overall trend line in earnings growth. Now, it remains to be seen what happens to new subscriber growth on a go-forward in reaction to the economic environment but as I said in my comments, overall were pretty optimistic.  So well provide guidance for 09 on the January call. I havent specifically answered your question but I tried to indicate at least our frame of mind as we are thinking about prospects for 09. 
Deborah Crawford: Also from Doug at Barclays -- what are you optimizing more for in tough environments between subscriber growth and earnings growth -- same balance as before and what does that mean for subscriber acquisition costs going forward? You spent more this quarter but youve generally pulled back. 
Reed Hastings: I would say our balance between earnings growth and subscriber and revenue growth and our thinking on that has not changed materially. If the economy changes materially over the next couple of quarters, it might have to be something wed look at but assuming that its no worse than today, then as Barry said, the power of the subscription model is that it gives us stability through these otherwise turbulent periods. 
Deborah Crawford: From Mark Mahaney at Citigroup -- how can Netflix be confident that soft subscriber additions are due to economy and not due to alternative or competition or maturation of the market? Do you have any customer surveys to prove this point?
Reed Hastings: Well, Im not sure a customer survey would really prove it to you, you know, surveys being as general as they can. Its definitely something that we think about, which is it is really economy or is it something else? We try to really [key] apart the various competitive and alternative hypotheses and at this point, it strongly points towards economy from a range of sources but its something that we keep an open mind about. 
Barry McCarthy: I have one additional perspective -- you know, theres this saying, it goes something like this -- what you see is a function of where you sit and where we sit right now, having underperformed the low end of our guidance expectations for the quarter and lowered our expectations for Q4, it looks like the business is dramatically slowing. It feels like we are underperforming.  On the other hand, if we were to step back to say January of 2008 when our year-end subscriber guidance was 8.4 million to 8.9 million, wed realize that gee, at the end of the third quarter of the year, we have more subscribers than we were expecting to have at year-end. And in January of this year, we werent taking questions about whether or not the market was saturated.  So on a -- what you see is kind of a function of where you sit, I realize that it feels like the economy is slowing and it raises some concerns about future growth prospects for the business but as little as nine months ago, been ecstatic about finishing the third quarter with more subs than we were forecasting to finish the year with. So lets dont push the panic button and a little perspective on where we are overall, the business is doing pretty well. 
Deborah Crawford: This is from Larry [Wick] at Morningstar -- is Starz free to distribute the content they buy from studios in any form they want? Wouldnt the studios prefer to deal with Netflix directly?
Reed Hastings: You know, Starz, were not privy to what their contracts are with the studios and the studios would prefer to get a lot of money for their content. If Starz pays them a lot of money for, for example, Internet distribution rights, theres no inherent reason why the studios want to deal with us. So in the current deal, Starz has those rights. They paid for those rights and it makes sense all around to build that market.  We in addition to the Starz deal have lots of other content. The Starz deal is about 2,500 titles in total and we have over 10,000 other titles that are direct with the studios, so we are flexible and well work in both ways. 
Deborah Crawford: From Richard Ingrassia at Roth -- what indications do you have, if any, that mainstream consumers are willing to pay a premium for the streaming option or for Blu-Ray?
Reed Hastings: On Blu-Ray, we are charging a premium and we expect to have about a half-a-million subscribers of the 8.6 million, so we have that indication. In streaming, we dont have any hard indication yet because we dont have a surcharge on it. Generally people are willing to pay for what they are active users of and dont want to pay for what they are not using, so the focus for now in the first stage of this is getting the usage up, which is really driven by the content expansion and the platform expansion. And if we are successful on those, as we have been in expanding from 2,000 titles a year-and-a-half ago to 8,000 to 12,000 titles now, to continuing our platform expansion then I think we are really creating consumer value which will be able to be monetized. 
Deborah Crawford: Also from Rich Ingrassia -- what happened to the deferred tax assets? Why did this line more than double sequentially?
Barry McCarthy: Let me check that offline and Ill get back to you -- just off the top of my head, Im not sure. 
Deborah Crawford: From Dan Ernst at Hudson Square -- Blu-Ray, any reduction in Blu-Ray usage after the price cut? What is your outlook for Blu-Ray title selection? Currently rather thin, less than 1,000 titles. 
Reed Hastings: While Blu-Ray is thin on a total title count, on a weighted basis it is pretty strong because there is Blu-Ray for all the new releases at this point. So we are optimistic player prices are falling, they are starting to get some volume. Its the same cycle that we really have seen on DVD. And I think what we will see is like progressive scan was a feature that was only in high-end DVD players and then became a feature in low-end DVD players, and after that was up-scaling with HD [inaudible]. That was a feature on high-end DVD players and then migrated to the middle of the market and into the basic models.  To think of Blu-Ray partially as a player is just a new, better upscaling player and as prices come down, people who even are just DVD watchers are going to get a Blu-Ray player because the prices are low and it upscales the DVD very nicely.  So we really pretty optimistic as prices come down on Blu-Ray players replacing DVD players. 
Deborah Crawford: Also from Dan Ernst -- digital content acquisition, title selection numbers moving up but still there are very few of the Netflix 100, as a point of reference, that have the digital option. What is the outlook for adding more popular titles and what are the key obstacles to adding more titles?
Reed Hastings: Well, the key obstacles are really money. The titles are available but expensive and what we have to do is grow the ecosystem of embedded players that connect to the TV, so that we can monetize the content expenses. So what we see is a steady increase in the number of players and devices to over 12,000. So we know theres a long way to go, its going to take many years but we think we are doing, making great progress on that and well continue to do so. 
Deborah Crawford: From Barton Crockett at J.P. Morgan -- how much cash do you believe you need to maintain on the balance sheet to be comfortable in this economic environment?
Barry McCarthy: While we have a point of view about that, I think well keep it to ourselves in order to have the maximum amount of flexibility. 
Reed Hastings: Weve been cash flow positive every year for the past six or seven years, including during our big battles with Blockbuster, so -- 
Barry McCarthy: For as long as weve been public. 
Reed Hastings: Yeah, as long as weve been public so consuming cash is quite unlikely. 
Deborah Crawford: From Lloyd Walmsley at Thomas Weisel Partners -- can you please discuss trends in content acquisition with regard to both digital and physical content? Specifically your DVD CapEx growth of 5% this quarter is much slower than ending subscriber growth of 23%. Is the shift you mentioned to more catalog shipments sustainable going forward or more of a quarterly specific trend? As we look to 2009, if we expect the digital product to draw strong subscriber growth and digital content consumption in 2009, should we assume that there is some pressure on gross margin offsetting the revenue gains of subscriber growth? 
Barry McCarthy: I think there are two -- I heard what I think are two questions, so correct me as I go. One relates to content purchasing, which Reed already addressed and the mix between any implications of rev-share for CapEx. And as Reed pointed out, it changes from time to time depending on which of our studio partners has a hot hand and at the moment, we have a large studio partner who is in rev-share deals thats got a hot hand. And then I think the second part of the question relates to DVD spend -- Im sorry, ED spending and whether or not increased spending on ED over time will create gross margin pressure on the business, and the answer is in two parts -- one, as Reed has said previously, we are in investment mode in the ED world from a content perspective into 2010 and secondly, at some point, the investments we are making in improving the overall quality of the service, we expect to earn a return on either in the form of lower churn or lower SAC because of higher organic growth or both, or none of the above. In a failure scenario, obviously we are planning for a success.  So we will talk more about our margin impact on 09 in January when we give our 09 guidance but suffice it to say, at least with respect to say the Starz content and the dramatic growth in the library during this calendar year, we had baked those increases into our guidance for the current calendar year and we remain on plan from a spending and margin perspective. 
Reed Hastings: And one part of that question was is the record high catalog shipments in Q3 sustainable, and the answer is partially yes, as our website gets better at matching people with movies. That tends to shift people to catalog and substantially not in that its seasonal. Q3 is the lightest season for new releases. Q4 and Q1 that we are going into are much heavier and this Q3, because of the Olympics, studios really avoided putting out a big new release during that time period. So it was leaner and that was advantageous to us on catalog. 
Barry McCarthy: And the catalog mix in this third quarter was the same as it was in the third quarter a year ago. 
Deborah Crawford: From Andy Hargreaves with Pacific Crest -- are you concerned about the emerging conflicts between your services, [inaudible] devices and retailers who sell DVDs?
Reed Hastings: Retailers who sell DVDs like Best Buy, Walmart? Not particularly. I think they know that the consumer has a lot of options on cable and over the Internet and we are partnering with them to try to figure out how to sell more devices in a win-win model, especially pushing Blu-Ray, so dont see a lot of conflict coming on that path. 
Deborah Crawford: From Ken Smith at [inaudible] -- what is the Bay area household penetration and the rest of the country household penetration?
Barry McCarthy: Well the Bay area penetration at the end of the third quarter was 18.8% up from 18.5% last quarter, so a 30 basis point improvement. The rest of the country finished at 7.4%, up from 7.2% in the second quarter, so for rest of country, that was a 20 basis point increase, the same as it was a year ago Q2 to Q3, and year ago Q2 to Q3 I think we saw a 40 basis point increase versus the 30 basis point increase this year. 
Deborah Crawford: From Youssef Squali at Jefferies -- your year-end subscriber guidance is now lower than what you gave out a couple of weeks ago. Is that an indication of a slower-than-expected October so far?
Barry McCarthy: Yes, a little bit. 
Deborah Crawford: From Lloyd Walmsley at Thomas Weisel Partners -- your cost of subscription revenue was down 4% Q-over-Q, while fulfillment expense was up 4%. Was there something related to the usage outage that increased fulfillment costs on a one-time basis or is there something structural that will impact fulfillment expense going forward?
Reed Hastings: There was no big structural change during the quarter, so if theres a little perturbation there, it might be the outage. But theres nothing structural going on. 
Deborah Crawford: From Doug Anmuth at Barclays Capital -- if the macro environment were to further deteriorate in 2009, would you slow digital content spending versus what you are currently contemplating for the purpose of delivering EPS?
Barry McCarthy: That would definitely be on the table. It depends on what that climate looks like, what the revenue growth and earnings growth look like. But you know, if were in an extraordinary situation like that, then there are no sacred cows and wed look at each element. Keeping subscribers and earnings growing has always been very important to us. You know, weve got a great track record on a year-over-year basis, keeping that going and we want to push through this recession with that record intact. 
Deborah Crawford: Also from Doug at Barclays -- do you still anticipate one more digital device this year?
Reed Hastings: Yes. 
Deborah Crawford: From Scott Devitt at Stifel Nicolaus -- can you speak to the exclusivity of digital distribution agreements, specifically the Roku and Xbox distribution deals? Do partners have the ability to offer their distribution to other content providers? Would you ever have interest in controlling or owning this distribution?
Reed Hastings: The terms generally are Netflix is not exclusive so they can put other video services on those platforms. Xbox already has a very successful video-on-demand service under the Xbox Live marketplace brand and Roku has announced plans to open up the platform and to have their platform have multiple service providers which will help with their sales and help addressable households for us, so we are supportive of that. Its a pretty wide open heterogeneous world and we are embracing that. 
Deborah Crawford: Operator, we would now like to open the call for a few final questions, just in case anyone has an additional question, clarification, or I missed your question. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well go to Mark Mahaney with Citigroup. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup : Great. A cost question -- in this [recessionary environment], subscription models should hold up well but in a very limited growth scenario, a severe recessionary, very limited growth scenario, how much leverage do you have over all the cost items? In other words, with almost no revenue growth, can you still deliver material earnings growth? Thank you. 
Barry McCarthy: If we maintain our spending discipline at the subscriber level from an acquisition standpoint, then weve got a fair amount of leverage and I am highly confident. Weve never lost that discipline but if we did, then we could -- [a short thesis] on the business has always been that marketing expenses would spiral out of control and the margins on the business would implode. So we use a microeconomic model. It informs us about the lifetime value of a subscriber. We limit the amount of money we are willing to spend at the margin to acquire a subscriber with the knowledge of lifetime value, which is why I am pretty confident that well remain disciplined in terms of how much we are willing to spend at the margin to acquire subs. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup : Thank you, Barry. 
Barry McCarthy: So all of the other costs of the business essentially we think of as variable, although thats not entirely true -- for instance, the depreciation expense and acquired DVDs is not exactly a variable expense. But the postage and the packaging and the direct labor were all variable expenses associated with getting DVDs out the door. And then the other big expense item are heads. So if you can control your marketing spending at the margin and you control your fixed costs around headcount, you pretty much have your arms around the business, provided of course you continue to provide a good service, subscribers remain happy, and they stick with you.  Now since more than half of our subscriber base has been with us for more than a year, it would take an enormous shock to the consumer ecosystem for the majority of the subscriber base to blow up and leave the service. Not likely to happen. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup : More shock than weve seen already?
Barry McCarthy: More shock than weve seen already. 
Operator: And well go next to Brian Pitz with Banc of America. 
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Thanks, just a quick follow-up -- any additional color on the one-time charges this quarter? Thanks. 
Barry McCarthy: You know, I described them as one-time charges and then I said you can count on seeing them on an ongoing basis and Im sure I sounded like a fool, at least I felt like one. The majority of the expense savings in G&A related to the decision to exit the Red Envelope business. That will be ongoing savings. It was a smaller, one-time charge that was associated with [inaudible]. That goes away but the majority of the savings I think will be with us on a go-forward basis. 
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Well go next to Youssef Squali with Jefferies and Company. 
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Thank you very much and Deborah, a great job. So as you conduct these exit interviews with customers online, I was wondering if you noticed any pick-up in people maybe leaving Netflix to go to cheaper alternatives like the red boxes of the world. I think historically youve talked about how I guess a year-and-a-half ago or two years ago, they werent really on the radar screen and the last six to 12 months, they became more relevant. Where do they sit right now?
Reed Hastings: The red box has increased in those exit surveys but when we look at certain areas of the country have very high red box penetration and when we try to see if we can see any increased churn in those areas relative to areas that dont yet have kiosks, were unable to detect any change in the underlying retention. So it seems to be that its a substitute for the stores, that is the same people were leaving but they are going to go to a kiosk instead of a store, as opposed to something that inflates our churn. 
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Company: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: We also have a question from Barton Crockett with J.P. Morgan. 
Barton Crockett - J.P. Morgan : Great. Thanks for taking the question. Ill try and clarify the one that I mangled in the e-mail -- what I was trying to get at is with the dollar extra you are charging for the Blu-Ray availability, you know, its basically charging people for something that they used to get as part of their standard subscription. So what Im trying to figure out is in your view of it, does that extra dollar result in basically slowing subscriber growth because people are having to pay more for something they used to get as part of the standard feature, or increasing churn? Or does the opposite happen -- do you use that extra dollar charge to buy more product, make it a better service and improve subscriber growth and lower churn?
Reed Hastings: Barton, you imply that doing the dollar surcharge is like a takeaway or something to the subscriber base but almost none of the subs had a Blu-Ray player, so to them, they were never introduced to the feature. The vast majority of our subscribers will only ever know Blu-Ray as the $1 surcharge in this brief intro period that we had for the last nine months where it was too small to even figure out how to charge someone, you know, will be inconsequential. So I think when you look at the local video store, they generally charge $1 more for the Blu-Ray rentals. High definition content on cable and otherwise and on the Internet costs more, so it will seem completely natural to the subscribers that the Blu-Ray high definition content has a small premium attached to it. 
Barton Crockett - J.P. Morgan : Okay, thats helpful and then, a follow-up question, if I could -- whats going to be the gross margin impact of that higher price? Is it kind of the offset with more spending on Blu-Ray product or is it actually going to be something that boosts the gross margin?
Reed Hastings: Weve kept our Blu-Ray stock levels in pretty good shape for the last six months and well continue to go on. I think it will be very slow as we get from 0.5 million to a million subscribers. You know, it will ease in over time.  As to whether in the end, you know, its positive or negative to current gross margin, is positive or negative to DVD economics, is uncertain. It depends on the pricing of DVD movies compared to Blu-Ray movies and you know, were unsure if the current Blu-Ray pricing, which is a considerable premium, will sustain as that becomes a mass product. Youll probably recall from DVD in its entry 10 years ago that it started off premium priced and then came down, so its a bit of an open question on whats going to happen with Blu-Ray software. 
Barton Crockett - J.P. Morgan : Okay, thats great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
Reed Hastings: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call and I look forward to talking with you again in a quarter. 
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Netflix second quarter earnings release conference. Todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Netflix's second quarter 2008 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call.  We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 28, 2008.   We released earnings for the second quarter at approximately 4:00 a.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com.  A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time today.  Finally, as we noted in the press release we issued earlier this morning, we are going to conduct the question portion of the Q&A via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to me at dcrawford@netflix.com. If youll recall, last quarter technical difficulties forced us to take questions via e-mail and Reed and Barry responded to them on the call. As it happens, we received a lot of positive feedback last quarter so we are going to try it again this quarter. Please let us know what you think.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Reed. 
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Deborah, and welcome everyone. Our goal at Netflix is very simple -- to materially growth subscribers and EPS every year while expanding the unlimited enjoyment we offer with DVD by mail to also include unlimited Internet streaming. Once again, our quarterly results reflect strong progress towards this goal. We delivered our lowest ever SAC as a public company, profits at the top end of our guidance, and ending subscribers above the midpoint of our guidance.  In addition, we made significant progress on our expansion into streaming with the launch of the Netflix play by Roku, the announcement of our Xbox partnership last week, and our continued growth in the number of movies and TV episodes available to our subscribers for unlimited streaming.  We discussed at length our views on the market and how we are approaching it at our investor day about eight weeks ago. In summary, we think that DVD by mail will continue to grow for five to 10 years, despite overall DVD rental flatness, as e-commerce continues to grow generally and as video store economics force more store closures. As we expand more into streaming, we are improving our core consumer proposition of unlimited enjoyment for a low monthly fee by combining unlimited DVDs by mail with unlimited streaming.  We dont plan to enter the pay-per-view segment where Apple, Amazon, Sony, and others focus, or the ad-support segment, where Hulu, YouTube, and others compete. Both of those segments will likely be substantial but our subscription segment will also be large and will provide Netflix plenty of room for growth over the coming year.  In order to succeed broadly with streaming, we need it to be easy and inexpensive for consumers to watch Internet video on their television screens. Specifically, our goal is to have our streaming software integrated into Blu-Ray players, game consoles, connected DVDs, and standalone Internet devices. Our substantial streaming content, available to consumers on an unlimited viewing basis makes it attractive for consumer electronics companies to integrate our streaming software, because it increases the attractiveness of their devices and we promote their devices to our large subscriber base.  Our results to date with this approach have been excellent, starting with the launch of the Roku box in May. This $99 box allows Netflix subscribers to instantly stream movies and TV episodes to their TV. Its been a huge hit with strong reviews, strong sales, and great subscriber satisfaction. Roku purchasers are streaming video to their TVs and getting great value for the unlimited streaming portion of their Netflix membership.  In the future, Roku boxes will support other Internet video content and migrate from being a Netflix only player to a general Internet video play, which will increase Rokus sales and therefore the number of TVs we can stream to.  We also have a technology partnership with LG Electronics, which well be discussing more in more detail soon, one other similar partner not yet announced, and the Xbox partnership, which we announced last week.  The Xbox partnership means that with Microsofts late fall software update to over 10 million domestic Xbox 360s, Netflix members can stream movies and TV episodes to their TVs as long as they are also Xbox Live Gold members. As with our streaming to the Roku box and to the PC, there is no extra Netflix charge for the unlimited streaming.  While our strategy is to achieve ubiquity, we were willing to do an inclusive partnership in the game console segment because of the very large installed base of 10 million households that Xbox has developed. We believe this will be our only exclusive deal in any segment.  Since the Xbox software update is schedule for late fall, its impact during this calendar year is unclear. While this functionality will certainly increase streaming amongst our current subscribers, we and Microsoft have yet to really understand how much it will drive additional Live gold subscriptions, new console sales, and how much it will drive additional Netflix subscription. As we both learn more about the attractiveness of this joint functionality with consumers, we will use that information to determine the extent of our promotional activities over the next year.  In the best case, substantial cross promotion in 2009 will make economic sense for both parties in terms of increased efficient growth.  Between the large and growing Xbox installed base, the strong sales of Roku boxes, and the anticipated sales of the Netflix ready LG device, we are off to a very solid start. As I mentioned earlier, as we increase the number of connected TVs, we are also increasing the content we are making available. In fact, over the last 18 months, weve grown our number of choices from 2,000 to over 12,000 and we plan to continue to increase the amount of content available. This planned investment is already factored into our earnings guidance.  Shifting to the competitive climate, Blockbuster remained active in DVD by mail over the quarter. Our guidance for the year assumes that they continue to stay active at similar levels for the rest of the year. The rise of DVD rental kiosks in supermarkets, while new competition for us in the short-term, is a bigger competitor for new release focused video stores and should accelerate store closures over the coming years.  In addition, the rise of DVD rental kiosks shows that the DVD franchise is still very strong with mainstream consumers. In the long-term, we think it is likely that DVD by mail and DVD rental kiosks will continue to increase their share of the DVD rental market at the expense of stores.  To close, our goal is to materially increase subscribers and EPS every year as we expand into streaming, and this quarter we continued to make excellent progress towards that goal.  Thank you and now I would like to turn the call over to Barry for a more detailed discussion of our Q2 results. 
Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed and good morning, everyone. My remarks will cover three areas -- our Q2 performance, our guidance for the remainder of the year, and an update on the share repurchase program we announced in March.  Like last quarter, our Q2 financial performance was strong, with revenue above the midpoint of guidance in net income and EPS at the high-end of the range of our guidance. This years second quarter followed a well-established seasonal pattern of slower subscriber growth and increased profitability, which we spoke about on last quarters earnings call. Seasonally slower subscriber growth was accompanied by record high operating profit of $33.5 million, when you exclude one-time items from prior year comparisons, and strong free cash flow of $12.5 million. Free cash flow nearly tripled sequentially, and Ill say more about that in a moment, in spite of our growing investment in content rights to distribute Internet delivered movies and TV content.  Gross margin was 10 basis points higher than it was in Q1, as expected. Looking at the components of cost as a percent of revenue, we see a small increase in content spending was offset by an equally small decline in both fulfillment and shipping and packaging expense, despite the postal rate increase in May. We expect gross margin to be up slightly in Q3 and Q3, despite our ongoing investments in Internet delivered movies and TV content.  With the seasonal decline in subscriber acquisition in Q2, our marketing expense declined by $15 million, or 27% sequentially to just under 10% of revenue. As a percent of revenue, this represents the lowest quarterly marketing spend in our history as a public company. In Q2, we expensed $40.1 million on marketing. Thats $5.2 million less than we expensed in Q2 of last year or about an 11% decrease in marketing expense. Whats remarkable about the lower spending is that gross subscriber additions continued to grow anyway on a year-over-year basis.  SAC declined again this quarter to just under $29, the lowest SAC has ever been since taking the company public in 2002. This seasonal decline in marketing spending was the primary contributor to the increase in operating income in the quarter.  A second large contributor to the increased profitability in Q2 was the expected decline in our effective tax rate from 41% to 26% in Q2. This was something we discussed with you on last quarters earnings call. The tax rate decline relates to a one-time R&D tax credit and we expect a return to 41% in Q3 and Q4.  Free cash flow of $12.5 million in Q2 nearly doubles from a nearly ago and nearly tripled sequentially. Higher net income was the primary contributor to the sequential growth in free cash flow, coupled with a $10 million sequential decline in content spending.  The sources of cash were offset by a decline in AP and accrued expenses of $11 million. On a year-over-year basis, there were three primary contributors to the growth in free cash flow. First, the increase in depreciation on PP&E and the amortization of content; second, the growth in AP plus accrued expenses net of excess tax benefits on stock comp; and lastly, the growth in long-term income taxes payable related to the R&D tax credit.  Although this is the second consecutive quarter of exceptionally strong free cash flow growth, I dont expect these hyper growth rates of 100%-plus to continue through Q3 and Q4. When the dust settles and we look back on the years result, year-over-year growth in free cash flow for the full year of 35% to 45% seems possible. Todays earnings release includes subscriber revenue net income and the EPS guidance for the third and fourth quarters. Today we reaffirmed our year-end subscriber and net income guidance, tightened our full-year revenue guidance, and raised our guidance for EPS, reflecting our expectations for a lower weighted average share count by year-end.  Its worth mentioning that we expect year-over-year revenue growth to accelerate in Q3 and again in Q4, as the effects of last years Q3 price decrease slip away for comparison purposes. And by the way, we saw year-over-year revenue growth begin to accelerate this past quarter from 7% in Q1 to 11% in Q2, the first acceleration in the last seven quarters.  With regard to our share count, Id like to talk briefly about the status of our share repurchase program. In March, we announced an additional share repurchase program of $150 million. All $150 million is currently available to buy back shares. No shares were repurchased last quarter because we closed the trading window pending the Microsoft announcement on July 14th. If the trading program had been open during the quarter, we would have been buyers of Netflix stock at these prices.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Now its time to answer your questions and as Deborah mentioned at the beginning of our call, wed like you to e-mail your questions to dcrawford@netflix.com, as we did last quarter. Deborah will read the questions out loud and Reed and I will do our best to answer them. As Deborah mentioned, we received lots of positive feedback on this approach last quarter and we are able to answer more questions from more investors than we typically get to, so we thought we would try this format again.  Deborah, over to you for the first question. 
Deborah Crawford: The first question is from Barton Crockett at J.P. Morgan; first question, what drove down SAC? Lower pricing of media, i.e. lower Yahoo! CPMs or was advertising simply more effective? Could that be a function of better word of mouth, impact of service trends, or greater consumer interest, perhaps due to higher gas prices?
Reed Hastings: I dont think its the outside advertising climate, which hasnt shifted materially for us. Its mostly that we are spending less marketing as a percentage of revenue, so we are trying to push the market less hard than we have in the past. Second, better competitive climate than last year, and then third we made a big investment with lower prices last year. Last Q3 we lowered our prices and you can think of lower prices as a marketing investment, although its not reflected in SAC. So those three factors have helped us to achieve this very efficient sub-$30 SAC. 
Deborah Crawford: Also, talk about the expected subscriber and economic impact of the Xbox deal. Is there one other major announcement still to come with another partner this year?
Reed Hastings: Barton, my guess is that question you had sent in just before I read the script, because I think Ive covered that, that this year, hard to tell because its a late fall update. Next year were optimistic that the cross promotions will be economically efficient for both parties. 
Deborah Crawford: Shutting down red envelope -- talk about why. 
Reed Hastings: On red envelope, we did some experiments, tried to figure out an economic model that was scaleable and sensible. Unable to do that. We decided to close it down and all the closure costs are baked into our current guidance. 
Deborah Crawford: Are DVD usage trends being impacted by gas prices or the economy?
Reed Hastings: We dont comment on usage. 
Deborah Crawford: The next set of questions is from Doug Anmuth at Lehman Brothers -- with SAC at its lowest ever for Netflix as a public company, why not push the marketing a little further for more subs ahead of the back half? 
Reed Hastings: Well, thats an interesting question. Its something we debate, which is the balance, really, of earnings versus growth and certainly there are good arguments that we could have taken, generated less earnings and pushed more into growth. But at the end of the day, we think its better to stick to our earnings targets, despite these great opportunities. And it does give us substantial room for growth, so I dont feel like were making bad choices. But it is a very attractive opportunity when SAC is as low as it is. 
Deborah Crawford: Is it becoming more competitive to partner with CE manufacturers now that Amazon has turned to streaming, i.e., and signed a deal with Sony and possibly others?
Reed Hastings: Amazons pay-per-view streams is very nicely implemented and I think what we are going to see is them also emerging to various devices. But again, thats really the pay-per-view new release focused content. And in many ways, you need that, you need our subscription service and you need ad-supported content from say Hulu and NBC.com and ABC.com and others to really form a total Internet video solution on these devices.  So I dont think its competing against each other. Were not trying to block them. I dont know of them trying to block us. These are really different segments -- the ad support, the pay-per-view segment, and the subscription segment. 
Deborah Crawford: Finally, can you provide more color on digital usage? What percentage of subscriber base are streams? Are digital users churning less and using fewer discs? What percentage of total usage is digital?
Reed Hastings: You know, like eight weeks ago, we havent given any color on the specific trends around watching. Its just too early to tell and we dont have a control group that doesnt get instant watching. So theres really no easy way for us to say anything conclusively. Were very encouraged by the usage. People are watching, are instant-watching in significant and growing numbers and thats very exciting. But at this point, we dont have any specific numbers to provide. 
Deborah Crawford: From Tony Wible of Citigroup -- can you speak to if you have seen higher DVD consumption trends in your core DVD subscriber base over the past quarter versus last year to adjust for seasonality?
Reed Hastings: Tony, thanks for the question. Again, were not commenting on usage specifically. 
Deborah Crawford: This is from Michael Olson at Piper Jaffray -- anymore details you can provide on potential pricing changes for Blu-Ray or watch instantly? Is there a threshold of Blu-Ray or watch instantly subscribers that you are looking to reach before raising prices, or what is the trigger for those potential changes?
Reed Hastings: Well be commencing the testing of Blu-Ray price increases very shortly, depending on the test results of those, then well move forward with implementing. 
Deborah Crawford: Next question, also from Michael Olson -- what should we expect for gross margin going forward? Is there any potential to get back to the 33% to 34% of 07, or should we expect it to be kept at 32% in the near-term? What is keeping the ceiling on gross margins?
Barry McCarthy: As I said in my remarks, we expect gross margin will increase next quarter, which is a change from our expectations in Q1. And I expect it to be up in Q4 as compared with the current quarter, although not quite as strong as it was in Q3.  As relates to the question around how high can gross margin go, let me answer it this way; if gross margin rose to 35% or 36%, it would not necessarily mean that the business is more profitable. But there is a relationship that weve continued to explore during our history as a public company between a customer SAT and gross margin, and in some respects they are inversely related. And since customer SAT drives, at least indirectly, SAC, and retention, which drives lifetime value, sometimes the business is more profitable with lower SAC, higher retention, lower churn, higher lifetime value, and a lower gross margin. And we learned that experience when we launched hubs, and we are exploring those inter-relationships again with the launch of the Watch Now service. So it remains to be seen what will happen with gross margins over time.  So at least through year-end, we expect some improvement. What the implications are for 09 and 010 depends on the inter-relationship between lifetime value, SAC, and gross margin as we expand the number of titles available for Internet downloading and as the number of devices available for people to view that content on their TV sets increases. 
Deborah Crawford: The next question is from Lloyd Walmsley at Thomas Weisel Partners -- as new subscribers come in, do you have any intelligence on where they are coming from? Do you think a weak economy may be driving subscribers off pay TV to Netflix? Do new subscribers tend to use the service more and are your most profitable subscribers those who use the service very little, leaving the service as they cut costs?
Reed Hastings: Lloyd, thats ultimately related to the depressing economic picture that we face, which attempting to put a lot of -- to read the tea leaves about how its affecting Netflix, but were not really able to tell is that why were growing so strongly or would we have been growing even more strongly if the economy had been strong? In terms of where subs are coming from, no real changes. New subscribers do use more than older subscribers but thats been true for 10 years for us, so no material change there.  Overall, the wonderful thing about the Netflix business is we appear to be substantially unaffected by this significant economic negative climate, so were very happy about that. 
Deborah Crawford: Second question -- what percentage of the subscriber base is using Blu-Ray?
Reed Hastings: Blu-Ray usage has continued to be very low, low-single-digits. Its something that has promise over the next couple of years, particularly through this Christmas season and beyond, if player prices fall significantly. This will be the first Christmas coming up where theres dedicated players that are at more aggressive prices. 
Deborah Crawford: Two questions from Jim Friedland at Cowen & Company -- as digital demand ramps, what will the impact be on your infrastructure needs? How should we think about CapEx growth over the next couple of years?
Reed Hastings: In terms of CapEx for digital delivery, very little impact. Most of that delivery infrastructure is through third-party CDMs, so no particular connection there. 
Deborah Crawford: Second question -- how long does the exclusivity on the Xbox deal last?
Reed Hastings: We havent commented on the particulars of the duration. 
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Michael Olson at Piper -- why was other income so low in this quarter and what should we expect it to be the rest of this year?
Barry McCarthy: Michael, send a follow-up if I dont address your question specifically. It was a combination of other interest but it was mostly interest rates are down, long story short. 
Deborah Crawford: Questions from Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest Securities -- why was the content library on the balance sheet down so much Q over Q? Sorry, why was the content library on the balance sheet down so much Q over Q?
Barry McCarthy: Well, we spent less on new content and it was a relatively weak new release box office. And two -- there are two components that, two content acquisitions. We buy some content outright that affects CapEx. We also rev-share content with the studios, so sometimes theres switching of -- from the CapEx versus the P&L perspective, depending on which particular studio is in rev-share and which is not, and which particular studio is hot from a new box office perspective and whos not.  So to be explicit, if a particular studio has a rev-share gain with Netflix and that studio has a number of new release titles which are hot, and that new content is being acquired in the form of rev-share and those expenses will show up in the P&L, in the cost of revenues, and conversely, if there are a number of new titles from a studio which are popular and were buying them outright, then that will show up in the cash flows, in the content acquisition. 
Deborah Crawford: Next question, direction of disc usage. 
Reed Hastings: Probably all these questions piled up, so [its basically the same] perspective of us not commenting specifically on usage. 
Deborah Crawford: Will there be meaningful cost savings from the end of Red Envelope?
Reed Hastings: No. 
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Derek Brown at Cantor -- a recent article indicated the number of Roku units falls at about 100,000. Can you confirm that figure or say whether its close? Can you provide any type of color on the behavior changes, i.e. more digital, less DVD, or Roku owning subscribers?
Reed Hastings: No, were not giving any comment on the number of Rokus sold. What was the second part of the question, Deborah?  Its something were starting to look at but we have to be careful about over-reading it because the first people to buy Roku boxes, of course, are not typical people, so they are not necessarily representative of what we are going to see as that market expands. So while were looking at it, we dont think its particularly significant. 
Deborah Crawford: Okay, the next question is from Brian Fitzgerald of Banc of America Securities -- with the previous announcements of the streaming service, Roku, and LG, the service is naturally governed as there is a delay as this hardware gets deployed. With the Xbox you will be lighting up 12 million Xbox Live subscriptions potentially at once. We have seen you doing polls gauging the acceptance traction on the Xbox. Can you give us a sense for the traction or speed of adoption you expect on the Xbox and any potential expenses around a big inflection in usage?
Reed Hastings: Yes, youre right that theres a real step function there as Microsoft releases their update to the Xbox in the late fall. We think we are well-prepared for that, both in terms of the loads on our various servers and in terms of our financials, and thats all built into our guidance. 
Deborah Crawford: You used to provide us with the number of streams to date and we were hoping you could give us some kind of update on this. 
Reed Hastings: Very early on we were disclosing number of streams, but we havent -- what weve tried to give investors some awareness of is that the content investment is really to drive the number of partnerships and the number of seats of Internet connected TVs and thats really the point of this aggressive early investment in content. So thats why we are talking about the various deals that are signed and in process, and thats really the payback on this big content investment. 
Deborah Crawford: Last question from B-of-A -- Amazon streaming VOD has a library of 40,000 versus Netflix 12,000 in the Watch Now library. Can you explain to us what the major difference is between online pay-per-use 40,000 versus an online subscription model, 10,000, that would allow for one library to be so large relative to the other?
Reed Hastings: I dont have a good answer for you on that yet. Its something well look at as we get to [use the Amazon], 40,000 more. Obviously YouTube has 400 million titles but you have to think about the weight of the titles in some context. So a straight title count isnt probably a very interesting way to look at these things.  The way we look at it for the Netflix service is providing enough content that subscribers are very excited about staying as a Netflix subscriber, so thats the basic subscription calculus.  Again, we see the Amazon, Apple pay-per-view model, the Hulu ABC advertising supported model, and the Netflix subscription model as three different segments of the overall Internet video market.  Having said that, I think the 40,000 for Amazon is an aspirational number thats been understood to be the current title count. I think actually the current title count is in the 5,000 range. 
Deborah Crawford: From Michael Olson at Piper, is there any share repurchase factored into the guidance for the second half of 08 EPS?
Barry McCarthy: Yes, I mentioned -- probably Michael sent that in before my comments but we expect the weighted average share count to decline through the end of the year, related to share repurchase. 
Deborah Crawford: From Larry Wood at Morningstar -- with Blockbuster on the sidelines for now, why not hold down the accelerator on marketing to gain more share?
Reed Hastings: I think I covered that just a moment ago, which is its tempting but instead of doing that, we are preserving our earnings guidance and its one of those many balances of earnings and growth. 
Barry McCarthy: The second point Reed previously made was that there are two ways to invest in growth -- one is direct marketing spending, the other is the subsidy of lower prices, and so in the third quarter last year, we made a significant investment in incremental growth by lowering the pricing and only partially paying for it with reductions in marketing spending. So while we are all very enthusiastic about the reductions in marketing spending, we continue to cross subsidize in business, if you will, with the price reductions from a year ago. 
Deborah Crawford: From Ken Smith at [Mundar] -- what was the Bay area household penetration and rest of country penetration?
Barry McCarthy: The Bay area penetration was up 20 basis points to 18.8% from 18.6, and rest of country was up 20 basis points from 7% to 7.2% at the end of Q2. 
Deborah Crawford: From Michael Pachter at Wedbush -- Microsoft told us that in surveying its Xbox Live membership, it felt that just under 1 million of its customers were Netflix customers. Have you conducted a similar survey?
Reed Hastings: No, we dont have access to the Microsoft user base, so were unable to do that survey, Michael. And whatever the current numbers are, its more interesting thinking about the potential, both as Microsoft markets Netflix service to get Live gold upgrades, and also to sell consoles against their competitors, and as we advertise the Xbox console as a way to get instant streaming.  So were mostly excited not about the current install base but about the future overlap that we can both generate.
Deborah Crawford: From Larry Witt at Morningstar -- what are your expectations for future capital expenditures on technology regarding the Watch Now service? And do you plan on providing better quality streaming in the future? And what are the implications of additional spending on this?
Reed Hastings: Yes, we are continuing to improve the quality of the streaming, but not using our own capital. Mostly thats through better use of the CDM market, better integration with the CDMs, better monitoring. So thats how we are achieving that, so its a straight P&L model as opposed to anything capitalized or on the balance sheet.
Deborah Crawford: From Derek Brown at Cantor Fitzgerald -- can you help us understand the framework of the digital content deals you were striking? Are they pure revenue share? Are there substantial up-front costs you are incurring for first-time access to the content?
Barry McCarthy: We are trying to be purposefully vague in responding to that question, which I know continues to be frustrating for you. The content deals in some respect at a high level are similar to DVD, meaning theres some revenue sharing and theres some fixed fee payment.  Now, if you -- so lets say from a P&L perspective, if the service were to grow at say twice the rate of adoption that we are projecting, the obvious concern on the part of investors and the management team would be that P&L expenses would run away from us and we would badly miss our guidance. And weve been mindful of that in our negotiations of [those two areas] for content deals, and I dont anticipate that happening. 
Deborah Crawford: From Lloyd Walmsley at Thomas Weisel Partners -- your competitors have been paying about 50% rev share splits in physical rentals. Are you seeing -- what are you seeing from studios in terms of increasing splits in rev share? How often are rev share terms negotiated with studios? If you have been seeing increasing rev share costs, how has this impacted gross margin? If not, how might this going forward if pricing were to increase for you in rev share?
Reed Hastings: We havent seen any material change in the rev share climate for our purchasing, so were continuing to build our DVD library and our relationships with studios, so no material change there. 
Barry McCarthy: And as compared with the bricks-and-mortar world, we have a much higher percentage of content thats purchased outright than rev share because we have the luxury from a free cash flow perspective of being able to acquire the content outright, so were -- if that phenomena were to emerge in our world, then probably it would have less of an impact on the P&L than it would be if we had a very high percentage of content acquired on rev share. 
Deborah Crawford: I believe this is our final question. If anybody has additional questions, please e-mail them to dcrawford@netflix.com. The question I have is from Daniel Leonard -- can you speak further on share buy-back program and when you can initiate purchases again?
Barry McCarthy: Well, we can initiate purchases when the window opens. The window will open on Monday, absent a particular transaction that would require the company for legal reasons to, because it possesses material non-public information, to not participate in the market. If we were to possess that information, of course, I wouldnt comment on it, but I expect the window will open Monday. 
Deborah Crawford: Another question from Barton Crockett at J.P. Morgan - Blockbuster is showing a beta version of new download service, Movielink. Can you talk about how that compares to your service?
Reed Hastings: Barton, I havent used the new Blockbuster service, so Im just going by the press reports and from being a customer of Movielink, and Movielink is a pay-per-view model, so it competes with Amazon or Apple in that segment. So I imagine theyve done a good job. Movielink has been well implemented before, so we look at it and we say its another pay-per-view service and thats fine. Its just not in our segment. 
Deborah Crawford: A final question from Ryan Hunter -- you mentioned DVD kiosks having a competitive impact on DVD stores. How do you see this model impacting Netflix? 
Reed Hastings: Ryan, its something that weve looked at extensively using the areas of the country that have high kiosk penetration to see where and how it affects Netflix and we havent yet been able to detect any change in those areas. So we are relatively comfortable that as kiosks grow, it doesnt present a direct threat to our business. Well continue to watch that. Its still early in the DVD rental kiosk market but obviously the secondary benefit will come later, which is with accelerated store closures, which will help us. 
Deborah Crawford: I believe thats the last question. Thank you, everybody. 
Reed Hastings: With that, let me thank everyone for joining us for this early morning call and we look forward to talking to you all next quarter.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers  Tony Wible - Citigroup  Lloyd Walmsley - Thomas Weisel Partners Heath Terry - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Netflix first quarter 2008 earnings release conference. As a reminder, todays call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's first quarter 2008 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys co-found and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call.  We released earnings for the first quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 3:30 p.m. Pacific Time today.  We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 28, 2008.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Reed. 
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah and welcome, everyone. Our goals in Netflix are simple -- to be a great Internet movie service by combining DVD by mail with Internet streaming and to deliver growing EPS and subscribers every year. In Q1, we made significant progress on those goals and our momentum is reflected in our increased subscriber guidance for 2008.  We currently expect at the midpoint of our guidance 9.4 million subscribers by year-end, an increase of 26% from 2007. In terms of EPS growth at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect $1.23 in EPS for the year, up 27% from 2007.  In Q1, the most telling metrics were subscriber net additions at $764,000; SAC at least than $30; and churn at 3.9%. All three were record performances over our six years as a public company.  Weve been executing very well for many quarters as we steadily improve our service metrics, our customer satisfaction, and our competitive strength. Q1 was consistent with this strong trend as opposed to something new, but in late December our most direct competitor further rationalized their pricing, which contributed to our Q1 surge in growth.  Some of the positive impact from our competitors price hike will be long lasting and some of it was a one-time benefit that had their subscriber base responded to their price increase.  So while Q1 was an all-time record in net additions, we dont expect Q2 to be a record second quarter, or 2008 to be a record year in terms of net additions.  In addition, we are planning on spending slightly less on marketing over the next three quarters than in the comparable periods of 2006, our biggest net additions year. We are very pleased, however, with our strong growth expectations of approximately 160,000 net adds for Q2 and 1.9 million for the full year, assuming the midpoint of our guidance, because these growth levels are allowing us to aggressively fund our instant watching efforts.  On the industry front in Q1, the high def format war ended, which is great for consumers and great for those of us with a vested interest in disk-based movie watching. Over the coming years, Blu-Ray DVD players will fall in price and become more widespread. With the success of Blu-Ray and its emerging economic importance to the studios, the DVD market is more likely than ever to remain enormous for many years into the future.  As you are aware, purchasing Blu-Ray DVDs costs more both at retail and wholesale than standard definition DVDs, and consumers are used to paying more for high-definition content in every other channel, including video rental stores, video-on-demand, and cable channels. Because of the higher cost of Blu-Ray and the consumer expectations around high-def content, we are planning on implementing a modest monthly premium for access to Blu-Ray some time this year. Today the percentage of our subs who rent Blu-Ray is in the low single digits but it is sure to grow going forward.  While the success of Blu-Ray is important to us, just as important are the improvements weve made to watching instantly over the Internet. Our selection continues to grow and we now have over 9,000 movies and TV episodes available. Today our instant watching functionality is only available on Windows PCs, which works well for our subscribers who are comfortable watching video on their laptops and for our technophile members who hook up their computers to their TVs.  Weve been happy -- weve been very happy with the response to date amongst these groups and viewing is growing rapidly. For many subscribers, however, watching instantly will expand in relevance as we make TV viewing easier and cheaper.  As we talked about last quarter, weve adopted a partnership strategy in terms of Internet TV connectivity. As we increase our online content spending, our service becomes more attractive to consumers, which in turn makes us more attractive to CE partners. In particular, we want our client software integrated into Internet connected Blu-Ray players, game consoles, TVs, and standalone set-top devices.  In January, we told you we were working with LG Electronics for a second half of 2008 product launch. At this point, I can tell you we have LG plus three additional partners actively working on integrating our technology into their products.  Three of the four partners are major companies which each sell millions of devices per year and will enable the Netflix functionality in some of those devices likely in Q4 of this year.  The fourth partner is a small company with which -- which will likely launch sooner than Q4.  Understandably, there has been investor excitement -- and along with it rumors -- about who weve partnered with. Despite our great success attracting major partners, about which youll see announcements in the coming quarters, these partnerships only demonstrate our success at providing Internet delivered content to our subscribers at no additional charge. Nothing about these agreements will be material to our financial results for the foreseeable future.  While our efforts are a necessary first step as we expand into Internet delivery, providing free access to content is not a long-term formula for profitable growth.  My second observation is that while we are off to a good start, providing consumer access to Internet delivered content on their TVs will require many partnerships in addition to the big ones to be announced this year.  My third and final observation is these partnerships have some execution and implementation risk, as with all new technology. Well take it year by year and model by model as we and our CE partners come to understand the opportunity better.  The big challenge for us remains the same as it was when we first launched our Internet deliver initiative -- to satisfy ourselves and our shareholders that our online content spending will result in increased subscribers and profits.  Despite my warnings to you about the many hurdles ahead, I would say we are thrilled with the progress we have achieved to date. Of course, as we succeed at new and improved consumer models for online movie enjoyment, we are sure to attract more competition.  Our competitive advantage is that if a consumer spends time on the Internet and enjoys movies, they are likely to be or become a Netflix subscriber. As we grow a larger subscriber base, our ability to offer both online streaming and DVD by mail at one low price means that we have a major advantage over any standalone Internet delivery service, at least for the many years ahead while DVD is significant.  In addition, the Netflix website, which we constantly improve, includes billions of movie ratings, millions of customer reviews, and an engaged community which makes it particularly well suited for choosing movies to instantly watch.  Let me wrap up where I began -- our goals are to be a great Internet movie service by combining DVD by mail with Internet streaming and to grow subscribers and EPS every year. The midpoint of our 2008 guidance of 27% EPS growth and 26% sub growth showed the effectiveness of our approach.  And now Ill turn the call over to Barry. 
Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed and good afternoon, everyone. Three quarters ago on the July earnings call, we announced a price cut on some of our most popular subscription plans. Lower prices, we said was an investment in faster growth. Faster growth is also what we expected when we raised guidance in February of 2008. Faster growth is what we reported today and faster growth is what we are forecasting for the remainder of 2008, both because of the ongoing benefits from lower prices and because of the current competitive environment.  For the first time in six quarters, we saw an acceleration in year-over-year sub growth in Q1 to 21%. Gross and net subscriber additions set an all-time high. Churn returned to its all-time low of 3.9% and SAC reached a six-year low of $29.50. Looking back on our history as a public company, I would say that on balance, this was one of our strongest quarters.  We even saw strong growth in the Bay area, our highest penetrated market, where household penetration reached 18.6%, up from 17.6% in Q4. Growth was also strong in the rest of the country where average household penetration reached 7%, up from 6.3% in Q4.  My remarks today will cover our Q1 performance; next Ill talk about our updated guidance for the remainder of the year; and lastly, Ill comment on the $150 million buy-back we announced in March. And rather than repeat the information presented in todays earnings release, my comments will focus instead on four metrics. These are gross margin, marketing spend, other income, and free cash flow.  Gross margin of 31.7% declined 210 basis points sequentially in Q1. All of the decline was caused by a seasonal increase in disk usage, which resulted in higher postage and packaging expense and fulfillment expense in the quarter. These costs were partially offset by an expansion in margins related to content cost, which declined sequentially as a percent of revenue. The seasonal increase in usage in Q1 was in line with our expectations.  Marketing expense of $55 million increased $3 million sequentially but declined by $17 million on a year-over-year basis for reasons that Ill explain in a moment. But first I want to remind you that not only was this quarters SAC of $29.50 the lowest its been since Q1 of 2002, but it also declined 15% sequentially and 38% on a year-to-year basis.  Lower SAC was driven by changes in the competitive environment combined with the July 2007 price decrease, both of which contributed to better response rates to Netflix advertising and more organic growth.  For the remainder of the year, we expect lower marketing expense on a year-over-year basis, along with faster subscriber growth. Given the trend towards lower SAC over the last two quarters, the question investors often ask me is why arent you spending more money on marketing to grow faster. The answer is we are investing more to grow faster -- quite a bit more, actually, so let me explain where.  Last July we said there were two ways to invest in faster growth -- one, more marketing spending or two, price cuts. The path we chose was price cuts and judging from our accelerated growth these past two quarters, the investment seems to be working well. Interest and other income of $7.7 million grew 55% sequentially in Q1, as we realized $4.3 million in gains from the sale of short-term investments. Next quarter and for the remainder of the year, we expect other income to consist primarily of interest income without the benefit of additional one-time gains.  Free cash flow of $4.7 million in the quarter was $22.7 million better than the negative cash flow we saw in last years first quarter and several million dollars better than we expected. Like last year, we saw a decline in free cash flow from Q4 to Q1. This seasonal decline was caused by a decrease in cash from operations as gift subscription sales slowed. We also increased our CapEx spending on content to support new subscriber growth and brought 80,000 square feet of new office space online here in Los Gatos.  That concludes my comments on our Q1 performance and now Id like to share a few observations about guidance. Like last quarter, our guidance for the balance of 2008 assumes the market continues to grow. As in past years, we expect much of our subscriber growth will be front-end and back-end loaded in Q1 and Q4 respectively, reflecting the historical pattern of seasonal growth.  For the same reasons, we expect Q2 will again be our slowest quarter of subscriber growth. We expect to end Q2 with 8.3 million to 8.5 million subscribers and to end the year with an upwardly revised 9.1 million to 9.7 million subscribers.  Revenue growth will continue to lag subscriber growth on a year-over-year basis throughout 2008 because of the price reduction we implemented in Q3 of last year. But we expect both subscriber growth and revenue growth to accelerate on a year-over-year basis in every quarter of the year, with the growth of the growth accelerating in Q3 as the effects of last years price decrease disappear. In other words, the second derivative will increase a bunch in Q3.  Gross margins will remain steady for the calendar year with a slight up-tick in Q4 despite the cost of our growing library of content rights to Internet delivered movies and TV content, and despite an expected increase in postage expense of $0.02 per round-trip mailer beginning next month.  With respect to guidance, I want to make a brief comment about expected tax rates. Weve determined that some of our research and development efforts in recent years qualify for federal and state tax credits. We anticipate filing appropriate refund claims in Q2. The credits attributable to 2007 and prior years will be recorded as a one-time benefit in Q2 and those benefits will lower our effective tax rate in Q2 to roughly 26%. For Q3 and Q4, we expect the tax rate to return to a normalized rate of 41% because these tax credits are no longer available at the federal level.  And finally I would like to provide an update on the status of our stock buy-back programs. During the first quarter of 2008, we announced and completed a $100 million buy-back program, repurchasing 3.8 million shares at an average cost of $25.99 and raising our cumulative share repurchases to 8.6 million shares at a total cost of $200 million and an average cost of $23.31 per share. In March, we announced an additional share repurchase program of $150 million. All $150 million remains available to buy back shares.  In closing, I would like to summarize my remarks this way; we are off to a strong start in 2008. Operating results were strong in Q1. Weve reported strong results for three consecutive quarters and this momentum is reflected in the upwardly revised subscriber guidance issued in todays earnings release.  Today we reported record growth in gross and net subscriber additions, a reacceleration in subscriber growth, the lowest SAC weve ever reported as a public company and record low churn. These metrics show the model is working well.  At the same time, the market for DVD by mail subscription services remains strong and the competitive landscape remains favorable. Finally, as Reed mentioned, we are on track with our expansion into Internet video delivery and pleased with our success to date.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Thank you all for joining us today and now Operator, I think were ready to take some questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Douglas Anmuth of Lehman Brothers.
Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers : Thank you. I have two questions. The first one is regarding Blockbusters online subs. Can you just talk about how you would think about them if they were potentially to come for sale in the market? And then secondly, in terms of the profitability outlook that you have for 2008, its a little bit lower than we would have expected, given some of the increase in subscribers and also in revenue. What else in particular is keeping down the profitability a little bit and how much is that due to higher-than-expected digital spending for the year? Thank you. 
Barry McCarthy: Let me do the second part of the question, which is profitability and Ill flip the first part of the question over to Reed to do with the Blockbuster online subs in the event of sale. So with respect to profitability, the model from our perspective, from an operating perspective is actually performing extremely well. And to the extent that earnings for the calendar year are on a trajectory less than you were expecting, probably the differential relates to the amount of spending that we are actually doing as compared with your forecast to bring on stream the capability to deliver movies over the Internet to different devices. Primarily the spending is on the content side and as Reed said and I reiterated, were enormously pleased with the progress we are making there. 
Reed Hastings: A couple of years ago, we were able to work out a soft landing for walmart.com because they had made a strategic decision that it didnt make sense for them. If for some reason Blockbuster made such a decision, we could probably work something out but its -- theyve been in the business for a couple of years. Theyve got a big investment in their model. I would anticipate them to stay in the business for the foreseeable future. 
Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Barry McCarthy: Let me make one additional point about profitability; people who have been following us for a long time realize this and investors who are new to this story may not -- because we expense 100% of the cost of acquiring subscribers when they walk in the door, their tends to be an inverse relationship in the current period between subscriber growth and profit, to which several orders before an acquired subscriber becomes profitable. So to the extent that subscriber growth is running stronger than forecast, that pressures in the current period the P&L.  So if for instance our subscriber growth is stronger than you were forecasting, it stands to reason that our net income would be lower than you were forecasting. 
Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers : Thank you. 
Barry McCarthy: Next question, Operator. 
Operator: Just one moment. I apologize. We are experiencing some technical difficulties. Please stand by.
Barry McCarthy: Operator, if you want to e-mail us the next question, maybe we could answer it that way. 
Operator: Just one moment. 
Deborah Crawford: So a more productive way to keep this moving might be to have people e-mail me the questions, and my e-mail address is dcrawford@netflix.com and then we can just address them in order. 
Reed Hastings: Okay, and if the Operator comes back, well flip back to the voice. 
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Crawford and I will let you know when our computer system has updated. 
Barry McCarthy: So well see which analyst can type their Blackberry message fastest to us. 
Deborah Crawford: Okay, so Brian Pitz at Bank of America; can you talk about where the growth in subscribers is coming from? Is it from offline or new users? To what extent did Hollywood Video impact your growth?
Reed Hastings: Brian, certainly Hollywoods closures of stores helps but when weve done specific studies of neighborhoods, we havent seen a super strong correlation, so Id call it a positive background influence as opposed to a specific big driver.  We definitely saw a positive increase beyond our initial expectations for the quarter because of the Blockbuster price increase, so that was the other contributor. Other that than, no material difference from the standard flow of the past couple of quarters.
Deborah Crawford: Okay, Brian, Im going to do one more for you and then Im going to keep going. Next question from Brian at B-of-A; can you comment on if you have seen any decrease in online advertising, CPC, CPM rates, due to a weaker economy?
Reed Hastings: No material change for us in the advertising climate. 
Deborah Crawford: Dan Ernst at Hudson Square; can you quantify online spend? Where is it accounted for?
Reed Hastings: Online content, I think that is, Barry. 
Barry McCarthy: Assuming that the question is online content, Dan, its accounted for in the cost of revenue line. 
Deborah Crawford: Okay, from Michael Olson at Piper; when you said gross margin will remain flat for the rest of the year with a slight up-tick in Q4, just to clarify, are you saying Q2 and Q3 gross margin will be flat with Q1?
Barry McCarthy: I am, yes. 
Deborah Crawford: Second question -- what kind of devices will the partners integrate Netflix with? Is it standalone set-top boxes or devices that consumers are already buying, like flat panel TVs or Blu-Ray players?
Reed Hastings: Where we see the largest opportunity in multi-function devices, such as Internet connected TVs, Internet connected Blu-Ray players, Internet game consoles, but the set-top into standalone is a little more flexible. So some of the early partners may do those because they are easier to get to market but it will be a mix and over time I think the volume will be in a hybrid devices. 
Deborah Crawford: This is from Heath Terry at CSFB; with the benefit from the lower tax rate to net income, why isnt there more of a positive impact to net income guidance? Is there an offset in some other part of the expense structure?
Barry McCarthy: No, there is no offset someplace else in the expense structure, except that we continue to invest strongly in growth and we continue to invest strongly in delivering ED content to increase the number of titles that weve licensed. So said in the alternative, if net income -- if we forecast lower net income as a result say of a higher tax rate some place in the P&L we would be paring our investment in future growth. 
Deborah Crawford: Okay, from Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest Securities, what other models are you considering for instant watch? Do you expect to have a distinct model for CE customers versus current customers?
Reed Hastings: Andy, Im not sure exactly what you meant by CE customers so I am going to have to guess a little bit here but today, consumers who are Netflix subscribers can rent DVDs and in the same subscription for the same price, also watch movies on their PC. What we would like to be able to do is make that watch movies extend to be able to watch movies on other devices, so think of it as a different viewing option, not a different subscription or commercial option. 
Barry McCarthy: It will fall under the subscription rubric.
Reed Hastings: As Barry said, all under the subscription rubric. Our focus as a brand is really around unlimited subscription entertainment. 
Deborah Crawford: From Lloyd Walmsley at TWP; you increased your subscriber guidance but maintained net income guidance. Are you seeing something in terms of SAC or lower content cost making you comfortable you can increase subscriber growth and maintain profitability?  Second question -- are you seeing lower online advertising prices or is it content driven?
Reed Hastings: Do you want to do the first part, Barry?
Barry McCarthy: Sure. The model is more profitable than we were expecting it to be and that enables us to increase the growth and maintain the profitability. Its also true that we are seeing better yields on the advertising we are doing and more organic growth, as I mentioned in my comments for this call, all of which enables the economic model to deliver incremental sub-growth without a deterioration in profitability. 
Reed Hastings: And I think the extension of that, Lloyd, is that its not fundamentally -- its not that were getting lower CPMs materially; its that the CPMs we are buying are more effective with a better competitive climate and are increasing brand awareness and reputation. 
Deborah Crawford: From Tony Wible at Citigroup; any change in thoughts on kiosks? Do you see them as potential viable distribution models?
Reed Hastings: I dont see them particularly viable for us or important to us. They are viable. I think the will be around for a long time and as I said in the last call, they hurt us a little bit and they help us a bunch in terms of triggering store closures because the kiosks focus really on the top 50 titles. They are very new release focused in their business, so its a net benefit to us, we believe. 
Barry McCarthy: And I would say absent a competitive threat to the economic wellbeing of the business, which we dont see, we have the resources to make one large strategic investment and weve chosen to make that investment in growing our ability to deliver content over the Internet to TV sets and other devices, in lieu of reinvest doubling down in the physical world. 
Deborah Crawford: Derek Brown from Cantor Fitzgerald, two questions; first, is watch instantly usage incremental to disk usage or replacement of disk usage or can you tell? Two, were BBI to go through with the acquisition of Circuit City, how could you see this helping/hurting your business?
Reed Hastings: On the incremental versus replacement, we cant tell at this point. The types of consumers that are active users of instant watching are different types of users than others, so there is on clean control group. We are optimistic over time that there is only so many hours people are going to watch content that there will be a substitution effect.  Second in terms of Blockbuster and Circuit City, Im not sure what it means. Its just too early to tell. Well see what they decide to do. 
Deborah Crawford: From Ken Smith at Munder Capital; can you comment on average revenue per subscriber? It appeared to be down sequentially quite a bit. 
Barry McCarthy: Two comments; one is I think sequentially, no, not so much -- at or on par with prior quarters. And secondly, you may recall that there have been sources of ancillary revenues from advertising and from an affiliate called Red Envelope and both those lines of business pared back their revenues, and so it made the drop in ARPU look different than it would have looked if you were looking strictly at the ASP for the subscription business, which was almost flat. So Im not concerned about it. I would encourage you to not be either.  Said differently, no structural change in the mix by price point of new subscribers and no structural changes other than improvement in churn and the installed base. 
Deborah Crawford: From Youssef Squali at Jeffries; on gross margin, 31.7% is the lowest youve had in seven quarters. Can you speak to why usage has increased? Second question; Red Box is getting a lot of traction. How do you see your value proposition versus theirs?
Barry McCarthy: Ill let Reed to Red Box and Ill do usage. Usage is actually down. Its down for two reasons; one because of the plan mix that sports lower price points and lower caps, and then secondly because of the aging of the subscriber base. And content cost in the aggregate have increased over what they have been say three years ago because of the investment we are making in the rights for Internet delivery.  So this really gets back to the question that Derek asked, which is about switching if any substitution between users of Internet delivered movies and TV content and DVDs and this is a real time experiment. We are driving strong growth and profitability from the core DVD business and in effect, investors have a pre-option for the moment on our ability to grow the business of delivering movies over the Internet to television sets and well only know over time how we need to fine-tune that value proposition so that it works for consumers and works economically for Netflix.  So the short answer is the usage is the trend is down, up seasonally as we expected, exactly what we expected, and an increase in content spending around growth of the new initiative. 
Reed Hastings: And Youssef, you asked about Red Box, I think I answered that. I think your question probably was just written before I did that. 
Deborah Crawford: Next is from Jim Friedland at Cowen; will you disclose percent of customers using instant watching, target titles for year-end on instant watching? Thats the first question.  The second is quarter-over-quarter growth in R&D was up a lot in Q1 this year and last year. Is there anything seasonal about spending in R&D or should we expect a steady increase each quarter in R&D?
Reed Hastings: Jim, overall I would expect R&D pretty steady. We do do the annual salary reviews at the end of Q4 company wide, so maybe thats a trigger for it.  In terms of usage, weve been very pleased with the adoption of the instant watching by our consumers but weve chosen to not give out specific metrics on that. Similarly with target titles. We are up to 9,000 titles, up from I think it was 2,000 or 3,000 when we launched a year-and-a-half ago, so weve made great progress and we continue to make great progress. 
Barry McCarthy: Jim, Ive been here from almost nine years and used to tease Reed that he never met an engineer he didnt want to hire, but that notwithstanding, weve been pretty disciplined about the investment spending in R&D. We are growing it aggressively but those investments weve recouped in longer subscriber lifetimes and increased subscriber profitability with reductions in retention by making the features and functionality on the website more attractive to consumers and better help us utilize our investment in the DVD library, one.  Two, we also are making an engineering investment associated with driving content to the Internet and some of the increase you are seeing reflects that R&D investment. So the bulk of the investment spending to drive content across the Internet to TV sets and the like is content and the other part of that shows up in R&D. 
Deborah Crawford: Daniel Ernst from Hudson just had a clarification; I meant can you quantify the level of online content spend?
Barry McCarthy: For competitive reasons, Dan, we are ducking that question. 
Deborah Crawford: Next question is from Neil Warner at Fox Hill Capital; what percentage of your customer base do you think will be renting Blu-Ray by the end of the year?
Reed Hastings: Neil, Id guess its still in the single digits. Christmas there will be a lot of players sold, so right at the end of the year, its a little bit of a fluctuation in improvement there but probably single digits. 
Deborah Crawford: Okay, next question from Barton Crockett; ARPU declined Q-over-Q, thought had said before mix change leveling out, that not the case now? Wouldnt seasonally the trend have been to increase? I dont see that from here. Thats the first question. 
Barry McCarthy: The mix change, I dont think weve said in the past, Barton, that the mix change had leveled out and even when the mix change does level out, because of differences in churn rates due to different subscriber ages of new subscribers and old subscribers, there will tend to be a slight differential.  I think the majority of the change that you saw this quarter in ARPU is not due to revenue changes or pricing changes in the subscriber base. Its due to ad revenue and other revenue, which in aggregate account for the decline in ARPU sequentially. 
Deborah Crawford: Next question, also from Barton; $4.3 million non-cash gain from sale of short-term investments -- what was that? Was that contemplated in guidance?
Barry McCarthy: It wasnt originally contemplated in guidance but as the quarter progressed, two things happened. We decided to increase our investment in marketing spending above the levels that we had forecast when we gave guidance. And then secondly, we forecast as the economy improves an increase in interest rates and from my perspective, it was a good opportunity for us to realize to realize a gain in our investment portfolio that might not be there in quarters to come. So we used the sale of the gain on the -- in the investment portfolio to in effect fund some incremental investing in additional marketing and faster growth, and to pull the P&L [cost in]. 
Deborah Crawford: From Doug Anmuth at Lehman Brothers; is there any significant change in your view on digital spend for 08 versus what you thought three months ago? Question number -- lets start there. 
Reed Hastings: No, Doug. I would say our spending plan is about where we thought it would be three months ago and it does continue to proceed nicely for us. As weve seen the validators are the significant usage and its because we have a lot of online content that weve been able to get these great partnerships that well be talking about later this year. 
Deborah Crawford: Next question also from Doug at Lehman; any change in competitive landscape in the last three months? Seeing Blockbuster be anymore aggressive with spending?
Reed Hastings: Well obviously Blockbuster has changed many times and they may change again, but for the last three months, there have been fairly minimal amounts of marketing from Blockbuster. 
Deborah Crawford: From Youssef Squali at Jefferies, and after this I think we can go to the Operator to see if there are any final questions. The last one that I have hear from Youssef Squali; your GAAP net income for fiscal year 08 is unchanged but your GAAP EPS is lower. Why is that? Is it option related?
Barry McCarthy: Great question. Thanks for asking. Yes, it is. We use a treasury method and because the price of the underlying stock has -- the price of the stock has increased, under the treasury method it takes fewer options for a net exercise. As a result, the number of outstanding shares is assumed to be greater, which has resulted in I think its a penny decrease in the projections for EPS on the same GAAP net income. 
Deborah Crawford: Operator, can we open it back up or do you want me to continue reading questions?
Operator: We can open it back up. (Operator Instructions) First well hear from Tony Wible with Citigroup.
Tony Wible - Citigroup : Good afternoon. I was hoping you guys could comment on if youve seen any change in some of the metrics on some of the share gain subs, and some of the newer subs coming on, do they have any better or worse ARPU, margin, or churn trends? I know its maybe a little early on the churn question, but any color would be helpful. 
Reed Hastings: No, we dont see any difference in the character of the new subs and the share gain over Q1 than in prior quarters. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup : And what do you still feel is the best use of cash after you burn through the $150 million roughly thats remaining?
Barry McCarthy: More buy-backs. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup : All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Next well hear from Lloyd Walmsley, Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Lloyd Walmsley - Thomas Weisel Partners: I was wondering if you guys could comment on the landscape for digital content rights acquisition and in particular if you see any changes coming out of the new pay TV plans announced yesterday by Paramount, MGM, and Lionsgate? And then if you could perhaps as a follow-up to that just talk about how you structure those deals in terms of fixed costs versus variable cost driven by usage. 
Reed Hastings: Obviously theres a lot changing in terms of the specific new Viacom/MGM/Lionsgate initiative. Its too early to tell what the impact of that will be in the marketplace. And then we contract for content, try to get the best deal we can. Sometimes thats fixed, sometimes its pay-per-view, sometimes its other -- you know, a mixed model. So were pretty flexible on that in the search for a good deal. 
Barry McCarthy: Operator, I think well take one last question, if we have one. Otherwise well -- 
Operator: Well take our final question from Heath Terry, Credit Suisse. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Thank you. I was going to ask; the watch instantly customers that youve got, can you give us an idea of what kind of -- if you are seeing any difference in the churn rate among those that are using watch instantly and what kind of penetration you are getting for the service among the subscriber base?
Reed Hastings: You know, were really excited by the usage because you dont keep using something unless you are satisfied with it. But again, without a control group to identify what to compare the churn to, you know the base of people who watch a lot of movies and watch content on their PC are different than the other subscribers, so we cant tell you kind of the direct retention impact.  But we can tell you that the usage has really impressed us, that theres many more people willing to watch a lot more content than we thought on the PCs and we are looking forward to then expanding that to the television and the more that people interact with Netflix, the more they feel good about it, consumers, and the more they tell their friends about it.  So Im very confident that its a positive influence for us but I just cant give -- without the control group, cant give you a perfect sense of the size of that gap. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you. 
Reed Hastings: Thank you, everyone for joining us on the call. Im sorry for those technical difficulties but you all got your questions in very well and look forward to talking to you over the quarter and then on our next call. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude todays Netflix conference. We thank you all for joining us.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Deborah Crawford  Vice President of Investor Relations Reed Hastings  Founder and Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts:  Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan  Heath Terry  Credit Suisse Hagit Reindel  Jeffries & Company Ronald Josey  Lehman Brothers Lloyd Walmsley  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Tony Wible - Citigroup Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research Bill Lennan - Broadpoint Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest Analyst for Brian Fitzgerald  Banc of America Securities 
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the Netflixs fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the conference over to Deborah Crawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Deborah Crawford:  Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflixs fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, I will dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We released earnings for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:05 PM Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes the reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call are available at the companys Investor Relations website, at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 3:30 PM Pacific Time today.  We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2007. And now I would like to turn the call over to Reed.
Reed Hastings:  Thank you Deborah and welcome everyone. Our goals at Netflix are simple: build the worlds best Internet movie service by combining DVD rental with Internet streaming, and deliver growing EPS and subscribers every year. In 2007, we made progress on all of these goals despite aggressive competition. Our confidence in extending this momentum is reflected in our guidance for 2008. Our EPS growth was strong in 2007, at $0.97, up 37% from the prior year. Our midpoint guidance for 2008 is for a $1.18 EPS, a 22% increase over 2007. We continued to add subscribers in 2007, though our growth of 1.2 million net additions was down from 2006, where we grew by 2.1 million subscribers. The increased competition from Blockbuster, in which they incurred large losses, was a primary reason for the fewer net additions in 2007. For 2008, we expect to have more net adds than 2007, with a positive factor being less aggressive competition from Blockbuster Online and the negative factor that were investing less in marketing going forward, both on an absolute basis and as a percentage of revenue. This past year, weve been made meaningful and industry leading improvements to our movie service, by offering unlimited streaming of more than 6 thousand movie and T.V. shows as part of the Netflix subscription; by improving our customer support with our representatives answering phones every hour of every day; by adding more shipping points around the country, in cities like Butte, Montana and Little Rock, Arkansas for more next-day delivery; and by improving our websites ability to merchandise more content consumers will enjoy. In independent surveys of Internet customer satisfaction by Nielson Online and Foresee Results, Netflix was once again rated number one in American ecommerce, etching out such giants as Apple and Amazon.  We see great service and low prices as a strategy for strong financial performance of our business, and you see the results of that strong word of mouth in our rapidly driving subscriber acquisition cost. Turning to the competitive landscape, Blockbuster Online is still active and still has several million subscribers. While they appear to have shifted to valuing profit over growth, they can change their mind again at any time. We are widening the gap between us however, and any further attack is unlikely to be as painful as their 2005 or 2007 thrusts. The small, but rapidly growing DVD kiosk competitor, redbox is a double edged sword for us. On the negative side, the dollar per day are a great value for the top new releases; on the positive side, redbox hits video stores much harder than it hits Netflix due to our customers valuing broad selection, and if redbox causes more video store closures, it may prove net beneficial to Netflix. Unless video stores are reinvented, it may be that in five years, there are tens of thousands of kiosks, millions of online DVD renters and very few video stores.  Despite the increasing speculation about the threat to the entire DVD industry from cable and Internet video on demand, we do not regard these services as material short-term threats for several reasons.  Cable VoD has been around in volume for the past five years, and cable companies are using it to differentiate their services from satellite. Internet VoD, from Movielink and CinemaNow have been offered for the past five years, and now Apple has also joined them in Internet VoD.  Cable and Internet VoD have similar pricing and content availability at approximately $4.00 per movie, with content available 30 to 45 days after DVD. You only have 24 hrs in which to complete watching the movie, so if you watch over two nights, you pay twice. The only difference between Internet VoD and cable VoD is that Internet VoD has laptop portability, and cable VoD has broad entry T.V. connectivity. But they are otherwise very similar in their consumer model. DVD continues to have many advantages over cable and Internet VoD. DVD rentals advantages over VoD are ubiquity of content, ubiquity of DVD players, an early window for new releases, and lower prices. VoD advantages over DVD are convenience and immediacy.  Despite the growth of VoD over the last five years, DVD rental has been stable, with online rental and kiosk rental making up for store losses. In the U.S., DVD spending, including purchase, is still approximately 20 times larger than cable and Internet VoD combined, according to Adams Media Research. DVD is simple, cheap and ubiquitous, all of which make it very appealing to customers.  Looking forward, it appears that Blu-ray has the advantage in the format war, and consumer adoption of Blu-ray will likely accelerate if Blu-ray can maintain the advantage. The milestones to watch for are Blu-ray player prices falling below $200, and Universal and Paramount also announcing their support for Blu-ray.  If these two milestones are reached, the consumer adoption of Blu-ray will take off. This would be a positive for the studios and a positive for Netflix, as it would fuel another decade of robust disc-based entertainment.  Nevertheless, despite our confidence in DVD spending growing over the next few years, we know there will be a transition at some point to Internet delivery of content. Netflix is investing somewhat ahead of the Internet delivery opportunity to ensure that we enjoy a similar leadership position in that delivery mode as we have with online DVD rental.  Despite that incremental investment in a nascent market, we have grown earnings over the past three years and expect to do so in 2008 and beyond, while positioning ourselves to fully capitalize on Internet delivery as it gains critical mass.  We expanded one year ago from a DVD rental service to a service that both streams content and mails DVD for one low price. Over the last year, we tripled the amount of content we stream from 2,000 to more than 6,000 movies and T.V. shows. And last week, we simplified and enhanced the Netflix streaming feature by offering unlimited streaming.  Netflix now offers for one low price, unlimited DVD rentals and unlimited movie streaming. We pioneered the subscription model for online DVD rental and our growth clearly demonstrates that consumers love the unlimited subscription model.  Over the years, we have developed particular confidence in making unlimited subscription work economically. For Netflix, the cost of online content is just another service cost, like standard DVDs or high-definition DVDs and our service costs need to be balanced against other aspects of our model, such as SAC, retention, usage and price.  Today, Netflix is streamed to Windows PCs only. Weve been very happy with the viewing of our content by our subscribers, particularly our younger subscribers. Web-based video viewing is becoming mainstream, as a wide range of content companies make their content easily accessible on the web. We hope in 2008 to be able to support web-based viewing on the Macintosh also. The hold-back has been a lack of a DRM solution on the Mac.  In addition, during 2008 and beyond, we will work to expand our streaming to high-definition DVD players, to game consoles and to dedicated Internet set-top boxes. Our relationship with LG Electronics is the first of several and we hope to expand the partnership pool by making LG very successful. As we announced several weeks ago, we think working with partners is a smarter strategy for us than a more proprietary approach.  Our biggest advantage in online streaming is not our technology or content contracts, but our ability to bundle streaming with DVD by mail for a large and growing subscriber base. If a consumer spends time on the Internet and enjoys movies, they are likely to become a Netflix DVD rental subscriber.  As we grow a larger and larger DVD rental subscriber base, our ability to offer both online streaming and DVD rental at one low cost means that we have a great advantage over any stand alone Internet delivery service  at least for the next ten years, while DVD is so significant.  In addition, the DVD rental website that we have developed and continue to improve includes billions of movie ratings, millions of customer reviews and an engaged community. It is the perfect website for streaming movies.  Let me wrap up where we began. Our goals are to be the worlds best Internet movie service and to grow subscribers and EPS every year. Our 2007 results demonstrate progress towards those goals and our 2008 guidance reflects our belief that our progress will continue.  And now, over to Barry.
Barry McCarthy: Thank you Reed. Good afternoon everyone. On last quarters earnings call, I said we were encouraged by our results quarter-to-date and we revised upward our Q4 guidance. Today we announced results at or above the high-end of this upwardly revised guidance. This is the second consecutive quarter of better-than-expected performance. My remarks today will cover our Q4 performance and the guidance we issued in todays earnings release. But first I want to comment on recent announcements involving Internet delivery, including our own announcement of unlimited streaming of video content to Netflix subscribers.  Two years ago, in January 2006, and again in January 2007, CES was abuzz with developments in Internet video delivery. Investors were concerned about the size of the online DVD rental business and the platform risks posed by online delivery. And again, this year, for the third year in a row, CES was buzzing with news of Internet video delivery and questions about platform risk and market size remained. I would like to point out that in the intervening years, from December 2005 to December 2007, our subscriber base has grown by 79% to 7.5 million subscribers. Revenue has grown by 77% to $1.2 billion. Weve nearly doubled our free cash flow to $46 million and weve deployed our instant streaming video feature, which is more popular today than any of the other Internet movie delivery sites.  On top of all this, as Reed mentioned, Netflix has continued to be the number one rated ecommerce site for customer satisfaction. Those of you who are familiar with our strategic view of the market, know that we believe the digital landscape will take form slowly but steadily over time.  Our market view is informed by two assumptions: first, the consumer demand for Internet video will remain small as long as the consumer viewing experience is limited to the computer. Over time, new devices will enable consumers to watch Internet delivered content on their T.V. sets. That transition will open the mass market to Internet delivered content. But it will take years for these devices to reach a critical mass of consumer adoption.  By way of example, DVD players, the fastest growing consumer product launch in history, took five years to reach 50% household penetration, and these devices will take longer.  Our second assumption is that consumer demand for Internet video will remain unlimited as long as the quantity and quality of licensable content remains limited. Content availability is limited for two reasons: first, for license content to grow, it needs to be additive to studio revenue and not cannibalistic. The studios will protect the current revenue streams; 41% of studio revenue comes from selling DVDs  that is what they are protecting.  Second, in a subscription model, the distribution rights to many newly released movies have been licensed exclusively to the pay networks, such as HBO, Stars and Showtime. The studios sold those rights and for a great deal of money without the ability to resell them again during the pay window. Before and during the pay window, that content is effectively off the market.  The longer the market transition to Internet delivery takes, the more established our brand will become and the more sustained our competitive advantage will be versus free-standing Internet delivery services. Because we offer subscribers a compelling bundled service of DVDs delivered quickly through the mail and instantly over the Internet, we think we can remain the market leader as the market transition occurs.  Now I would like to comment on our Q4 results and our 2008 guidance. Financial results for Q4 were strong, with ending subscribers and revenue at the high-end of guidance and net income significantly above the high-end of guidance.  Gross margin of 33.8% was sequentially flat with a small increase in revenue per disc shipment offset a 2% decline in ARPU and a modest increase in overall content cost per shipment. Free cash flow for the quarter of $21 million was down sequentially on increased content spending. On a year-over-year basis, free cash flow was nearly unchanged as content spending remained flat.  Faster subscriber growth in Q4 was accompanied by a 22% year-over-year decline in marketing spending and SAC, (?) less than $35  and that is the lowest subscriber acquisition cost weve seen in four years.  From our perspective, this past quarters combination of better-than-expected sub-growth, near record low SAC, sequentially lower churn and raised guidance for accelerating subscriber growth, are proof points of an expanding market. In a shrinking or saturated market, all these metrics would trend in the opposite direction as leading indicators of a mature business. But that wasnt the trend in Q3 or Q4 and that is not our expectation for Q1 2008. Our guidance for 2008 assumes the market continues to grow. This guidance also projects that we will end the year with 8.4 to 8.9 million subscribers. As in past years, much of that subscriber growth will be front-end and back-end loaded in Q1 and Q4 respectively, reflecting historical patterns of growth.  We expect to end Q1 with 7.85 million to 8.05 million subscribers. In addition to solid subscriber growth, we expect strong earnings growth as well. The mid-point of todays guidance for 2008 projects growth in net income of 18% and EPS growth of 22% for the full-year 2008, and net income growth of 17% and EPS of 21% in Q1.  While delivering solid subscriber and earnings growth, our 2008 guidance includes a substantial increase in our investment in our online delivery initiative. For competitive reasons, we will not be discussing the size or components of this spending, except to say that the majority of it will be included in cost of revenue in 2008.  Finally, our guidance also anticipates another postal rate increase of $0.01 beginning in June of this year, which translates to $0.02 per round trip shipment. Despite these cost increases, today we raised our full-year guidance for net income.  In closing I would like to summarize my remarks this way. Q4 results were strong and momentum has continued to build quarter-to-date, our second consecutive quarter of strong momentum and this momentum is reflected in our guidance.  Like last year at this time, I would say the business is scaling nicely, particularly as it relates to the trade-off we made this past year between reduced marketing spending and increased investment in the overall value of the service, both in terms of lower pricing and service features like unlimited viewing of Internet delivered video content, and significantly improved customer service. Because we are managing our fixed and variable cost structure well, including our investment and expanding our Internet delivered video feature, profit margins grew 70 basis points last year and are expected to expand again in 2008.  I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. The market continues to evolve more or less as we predicted two years ago, with continued growth in DVD subscription rental market and the slow and steady evolution of the Internet delivered video segment.  Over the last three years, we more than tripled net income, with compound earnings growth of 46%. Along the way, we had to overcome some costly competitive challenges, which slowed our growth and pressured our margins. Stepping back from the competitive fray, I think we can say with confidence, that the business is as well positioned today as we could have reasonably hoped, and we are optimistic about the future.  That concludes my prepared remarks. Now we will open the phones to questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Lloyd Walmsley  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC.
Lloyd Walmsley  Thomas Weisel Partners, LLC: Good afternoon. Your guidance seems to imply an acceleration in either gross sub adds or an improvement in churn. Can you talk how sub growth progressed through the quarter and what you are seeing now to give you that confidence?  And then, specifically if you could talk a little bit about how the sub mix is changing on the various plans and how the profit dollar contributions might be different or similar on those plans?
Reed Hastings:  The growth over the prior year is mostly in gross add improvement. Those two, between gross add and churn, there are some interesting dynamics between them that you have to be conscious of.  As an example, we made it easier to put yourself on a vacation hold, which for financial reasons, we consider that a cancel even though the persons on hold and has agreed to be restarted. And that inflates the gross add number larger than it would otherwise be and makes churn larger than it would otherwise be.  On the margin, you just have to be conscious that there are some trade-offs between SAC and churn. But most of the growth this year would be in increased gross adds.  Your second question was on profitability of the different plans and mix, and we havent historically provide you any specifics on that difference in mix between plans other than the total ARPU which we give out.
Barry McCarthy:  I would add Lloyd that there is no particular change in the mix in Q4 versus Q3 or in the profit attributes of those plans  so steady sailing. The big change we saw during the quarter, between the fourth quarter and very late in the fourth quarter and the last couple of days of course was the competitive shift in pricing and the change in the momentum that resulted from that.
Operator:  We will take our next question from Douglas Anmuth  Lehman Brothers. 
Ronald Josey  Lehman Brothers:  This is actually Ron Josey calling for Doug. Where do you think your net adds are coming from? Is it from Blockbuster, is it from (BBI?) or is it from Netflix subs or just overall expansion of the market? And could you quantify that mix please?
Reed Hastings:  Ron if you look at the domestic rental revenue for the public companies over the last five years, and do a stats bar chart, you can see that the totals are steady and that online is basically taking from stores. Essentially all of our growth comes out of video stores.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Youssef Squali  Jeffries & Company.
Hagit Reindel  Jeffries & Company: Thanks. This is Hagit Reindel for Youssef. Guidance assumes or implies that the midpoint about a 6% net margin for 2008, and I understand you dont want to talk about the cost of digital delivery but is it safe to assume that the difference between the 7% you did in Q4 and the 6% you are guiding to is all in those costs?
Barry McCarthy:  I think operating costs increase on a year-over-year basis so Im not sure what you are referring to actually.
Hagit Reindel  Jeffries & Company: I am referring to the net income margins. 
Barry McCarthy:  And I think net income margins will rise on a year-over-year basis as well.
Hagit Reindel  Jeffries & Company: I will check the numbers again then. 
Barry McCarthy:  I will be happy to jump offline and resolve that with you.
Hagit Reindel  Jeffries & Company: Thank you. Just another quick question: since the subscriber acquisition cost did come as low as it did, why did you not decide to spend a little more in grow factor?
Reed Hastings:  You remember two quarters ago when we lowered the price of the service, we said there were several ways to invest in value proposition: one was increased marketing and one is lower marketing spending, coupled with a price decrease. And we said at the time that if the business continued to outperform, that would help us pay for the cost of the price decrease over time.  So that strategic path we embarked on, and you should expect us to continue down that path for the foreseeable future.
Operator:  Our next question is from Heath Terry  Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry  Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you could give us an idea of, as you start to learn more about your watch instantly customer base, if you are seeing any kind of changes in either their usage levels or their churn rate, specifically within those that are finding watch instantly useful and using it?
Reed Hastings:  Amongst those that are active users of our streaming, they skew young and young people have different churn and usage profiles than other people. We dont have a good control group there for us to be certain. It does appear that  and it makes sense  that the more someone uses streaming, especially with the unlimited streaming, that they are going to consume less DVDs, though we cant tell you the degree of that, partially because its relatively small numbers and there is not a clean control group that didnt get streaming. 
Heath Terry  Credit Suisse: And you kind of touched on this a little bit but can you give us an idea, since the Blockbuster increase went into effect at the end of December, have you seen any changes in the rate of new customer acquisitions, churn, subscriber acquisition, costs relative to what you were seeing prior to the price increase?
Reed Hastings: We see a modest improvement in acquisition. We ask when a customer leaves us, what are you going to do for movies? No material change in the number of people who say they are going to Blockbuster Online, which is why we want to point out to investors that it would be too soon to conclude Blockbuster Online has gone away or something black and white like that. They are still pretty active in the market; theyve a good value proposition; theyve got a big brand. So they are still active in the market. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan.
Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan:  I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the subscriber growth issue here. Your guidance assumes more net adds in 08 versus 07, but if you look at what happened in the fourth quarter of 07, you actually had less net adds in the fourth quarter of 07 than you had in the fourth quarter of 06.  All the dynamics that we have seen in the fourth quarter of 07 presumably will be there in 2008. So what changes incrementally from the fourth quarter of 07 into 2008 that gives you the confidence that basically your gross adds growth will do better than it was in this quarter, which is flat. What changes that?
Reed Hastings: It is mostly a comp quarter question. So Q4 that we just completed was comp against Q4 a year ago before Total Access was broadly advertised, whereas Q1 of 2008 it will comp against the quarter in 2007 in which Blockbuster was very aggressively advertising Super Bowl, Academy Award, and Total Access program.
Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan: Okay, all right that helps there. And then in terms of the online content cost for the Watch Now feature, can you give us any sense, is that anymore or less expensive per minute of content to view it online versus for a customer to view it on DVD? Does it cost you more for an equivalent minute online or if you get it on tape or DVD?
Barry McCarthy:   I am not sure that looking at it per minute is really that helpful. People tend to watch different kinds of content, a little more TV shows online with the online streaming and a different value perception in what they are willing to pay for between online streaming and DVDs.  What we can say is when you think of our content spending theres three buckets: there is the high definition DVDs, there is the standard DVDs, and there is the online content. We look at it that way as three different content buckets that we try to invest wisely in relative to their value perceptions by consumers and by value perceptions I mean retention value, to balance out our total acquisition or subscription equation.
Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan: Are you seeing evidence that the online usage is reducing the DVD usage?
Barry McCarthy:   Well you know that was Heaths question and theres no clean way to do that because we dont have a control group that doesnt have streaming. The differences, there are seasonal differences also and so without a control group, if we guess at it and we do, we like what we are seeing but there is nothing we would feel comfortable saying okay, we cracked the formula here is the trade-offs, etcetera.
Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan: The writers strike, to what extent do you think its helping you now and do you think it might be a help when the thing is finally settled in terms of TVs and reruns probably less appealing if more people wanted to watch a DVD?
Reed Hastings: I am not sure. Its certainly no material help if its a help, it may be a slight help or a slight hurt. Its like a recession in consumer spending. I mean you could argue it hurts because we have credit card customers; you can argue it helps because rental is such a good value.  But these are both very background kind of factors; they dont affect our business in any dramatic way.
Barry McCarthy: We think about it the same way we think about new release movies. So, in the bricks and mortar world they talk about the new release calendar, they are talking about macroeconomic events and generally you dont hear us quarter to quarter talk about either.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: First on the churn pattern, now that Blockbuster has eased off should we expect to see that Q1 picks up a little from Q4, then Q2 picks up a little bit more then drops in Q3, drops in Q4, again as the annual pattern there?  On gross margins in thinking about gross margins this year, Barry, are you willing to give us any more insight into how much online maybe either weighing on that and outside the postal increase is there any other impact that we should be thinking about?
Barry McCarthy: Let me jump on gross margin and Ill turn it over to Reed. The increased spending in the ED content is going to weigh on gross margin. We have forecast all of the costs and none of the benefits which seems the right course of actions since we cant identify any benefits specifically attributable to retention or SAC or such substation between DVD usage and online usage.  So yes there will be some erosion in margin as the calendar year progresses.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: And on the churn trends then?
Reed Hastings: On the churn I think you are implying is the 2006 seasonal pattern the more relevant one likely than 2007 and I think the answer is yes on that.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: Reed, thinking about unlimited usage given that it is such a small segment of the user base today, if we look out -- I dont know what the year is, 09 or 2010 -- is there a point where you will not be able to offer unlimited usage or is that something you just think is so far in the future it is not worth thinking about at this point?
Reed Hastings: Oh no, we think very much about it trying to line up our consumer proposition along the lines of things that will be great economic propositions now and going forward. So all of our testing, the usage of our online streaming while confined to PCs its still pretty broad and we have been very happy with it. So I dont see anything that would disturb that unlimited viewing ability.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: A quick question on LG relationship, obviously thats an important step in getting integrated into CE devices, but I am sure your goal as you talked about is to make Netflix ubiquitous among a lot of different devices. When can we expect more devices beyond LG? Is it 08 or is it more likely in 09? What gives you confidence that CE manufacturers are going to want to partner with Netflix?
Reed Hastings:   I think the thing that will make us popular in the CE community is if we do a great job with LG and they sell a lot of their devices because of the Netflix service and make a lot of money off of that. Then other people are going to want part of that success.  So our core focus is not to see how broad can we license today, but instead how successful can we make LG in terms of growing their share of the very segment that they participate in. We may see a few more agreements this year, but a very small number given that we think that the best strategy is to really do a good job on the total CE integration where its a great job for the consumer, the customer score works, well the total experience works well and then expand that much more broadly in 2009.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: As far as the streaming service, any metrics you can give as far as number of streams or any changes, any uptick or anything since the change to unlimited usage?
Reed Hastings:   No, we proved out to our satisfaction by doing testing beforehand that the unlimited watching made economic sense for us. But its increased attractiveness to the consumer was greater than its increased cost. We havent given any metrics on number of streams or users or those kinds of things.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Did you say that absolute marketing dollars will be down in 08 versus 07?
Barry McCarthy: Thats correct, thats our intention.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tony Wible - Citigroup.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: I understand that you cant provide details exactly on the streaming content cost, but can you let us know if its a little bit more front loaded as you build out that platform? In other words, do you anticipate as you go through different distribution partners, expenses kind of rising with the revenues or do you see the revenues coming later and the expenses more upfront?
Barry McCarthy: Weve got no comment.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Subscriber acquisition cost, do you anticipate being more aggressive just in the first quarter in light of Blockbuster pulling back on their advertising? I understand you said year over year you anticipate marketing down but do you see any opportunities in the near term to benefit from Blockbusters lack of advertising?
Barry McCarthy: On a per subscriber basis, Tony, although we dont guide to SAC the short answer is no. There is increased momentum in the marketplace, some of that in the form of word of mouth, organic growth and so to the extent we are riding a wave of momentum owing to the change in competitive pricing, rather than seeing SAC go up, you might see it go lower.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Any thoughts on pricing on the Blockbusters changed pricing, do you see any reason to either increase or lower pricing? 
Reed Hastings: We try to do careful testing on those. This year you may see us testing additional price cuts. You may see us testing price increases, trying to figure out the elasticity and has the elasticity changed in a new competitive climate. But these are all things that are very much on the margin; remember that when you cut price as we did last summer you get benefits and lower SAC like we are seeing today and if we increase price there will be costs and increased subscriber acquisition cost. So there is a complicated tradeoff metric there and we will continue to test and refine. Still no big shifts in the competitive climate.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Can you give any metrics on overall usage of high definition discs, either Blu-ray or DVD and what your subscribers mix is? Secondly, returning to the question of marketing spend in 2008, it seems that at the moment youve got tailwinds again as Blockbuster has pulled back a bit, but maybe in a year from now you are going to experience some additional headwinds as potentially Apple has a more robust offering, how do you do more with how many films they can actually offer.  At some point in the future you will have more headwinds; now you have tailwinds, so why not accelerate a little bit here to lock in some more subs as the battle heats up? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: To the degree that the climate would get tougher, I suppose you might consider that and you referred to Apple service in particular, but remember this year there is about $1.3 billion in video-on-demand spending already that we compete against and have been competing against. Apple announced they did about 6 million movies to-date. Lets say that goes up by a factor of 5 or 6 or 10 or something, it is still pretty much in the background noise in terms of the video-on-demand market.  So we actively compete with video-on-demands from Comcast and others and have for the last five years. I dont see any material shift in the climate in the near term possible from that. So we dont look at it and say boy, the climate is going to get harder in the future.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: On the Blu-ray side?
Reed Hastings: Blu-ray, sharp growth in the last couple weeks in CES since the announcement of Warner flipping over. We have been in that camp before, then the HD DVD camp pulls out a surprise as they did with Paramount a couple months ago. Definitely the winds are shifting to Blu-ray but nothing done yet.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: HD or high-definition DVD overall as a percentage of your subs, is it a meaningful percent of your subs that are using one or the other?
Reed Hastings: Not yet. Maybe a percent of subs yes, but meaningful percentage of shipments, not particularly because there is not that much content released on it yet. But in terms of subs its definitely growing. I would say we have a big crew of Internet connected early adopter, savvy subscribers. So they are going to be all relatively early.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Lennan - Broadpoint.
Bill Lennan - Broadpoint: Can you give us an idea of what you are expecting ARPU to be in Q1? Going backwards in the ending subs, assuming some trials and I am coming up with ARPU ticking up sequentially; that doesnt seem right to me?  Whats your best guess for how many subs Blockbuster ended 07?
Barry McCarthy: We dont guide to ARPU but I will give you some color. I will remind you that there tends to be in the fourth quarter new subscriber growth is back-end loaded and they become paying subscribers early in Q1 and generate revenue throughout the quarter. New subscriber growth in Q1 tends to be front-end loaded and they become revenue-paying subscribers early. That tends to move the revenue per sub number in a way thats different than you see in the rest of the quarter or the year. Every year we face the same question where ARPU moves in a way more positively that puzzles investors.  We continue to expect over the long term ARPU to move down until the mix by price point of new subs and installed base normalizes, but you may see some seasonal fluctuation due to the number of revenue months per sub.
Reed Hastings: You asked on Blockbuster, they probably went down modestly, but I dont know. We dont have any specific information about it. So we will wait and see what they talk about on their call.
Bill Lennan - Broadpoint: Would you guess its like a net loss of 100 versus 500 if you had to pick one or the other?
Reed Hastings:   Thats a really good question to pose to them. I think we want to really stick to reporting on our metrics. They were very aggressive at converting store-based customers to store-based subscription rental with an online component. When they changed pricing last quarter there lost some of those subscribers and it is reasonable to expect that trend will continue for a while, I suppose.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest: The LG partnership, I am wondering as you guys looked at the CE space, can you talk about at all what you weighed in terms of whether or not to partner or whether or not to build hardware yourselves? What was the determining factor in ultimately partnering?
Reed Hastings:   We never thought about not partnering, so it was only we also have our own thing in addition to all of the partners and what we came to realize is there was enough partner interest and enough consumer interest that we researched that we really didnt need to do our own thing also.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest: Can you give us any insight into how the real estate on the device will be put out or how you guys will show up?
Reed Hastings:   In the press reports LG released, essentially the home page screen you see Netflix as one of five icons there; the other being music and another being playing the DVD, I forget the other two. But you can get a sense there for the prominence of Netflix from that.
Andy Hargreaves - Pacific Crest: Back to Blu-ray, can you just give us a sense for how you think the pace of adoption, now that the format is more or less decided, how that affects your content acquisition costs? Does it have a material effect if Blu-ray players start growing a lot faster?
Reed Hastings:   You are assuming that Blu-ray is going to win there and I made the mistake -- I dont know, a year or two ago before the HD DVD camp flipped Paramount  of thinking the same. So remember that we are all judging it by studios and if they manage to flip another studio to their camp then were back to stalemate again.  But if one format, presumably Blu-ray, takes off that will have an effect; the Blu-ray disc costs a little more so that will have an effect upon us in terms of content costs. But also the perceptions of consumer around HD are that every other HD option costs them more. So for example, video on-demand HD usually cost $5 or $6 instead of 4; or video or HD channels from Comcast and others cost an additional supplement.  It may be that we have room to be able to do HD-specific pricing as we get to volume on this because the competition for the consumer retention on HD is all around that also. So that is something we will know you know more maybe by the end of the year as we look at the success of the HD formats.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities.
Analyst for Brian Fitzgerald  Banc of America Securities: You mentioned the studios had sold exclusive rights to digital content to cable channels like HBO and Showtime. I was wondering what kind of timeframe you expect for this content to become unlocked?
Barry McCarthy: Well, there are some contracts that are up for renegotiation and some that havent been renegotiated and we will see how that shakes out over the next couple of years. I think we will have a clear view of that landscape certainly by 2010 and there are some negotiations that are happening now in anticipation of some expiry dates.
Analyst for Brian Fitzgerald  Banc of America Securities: I was wondering about the rationale for switching to an unlimited streaming plan? Is it because a lot of your subscribers were hitting against their time limits?
Reed Hastings: No, the primary rationale is to simplify the proposition. Its now much easier to communicate unlimited DVD rentals plus unlimited streaming for one low price as low as $8.99 a month. You dont have to explain one cap per hour and what happens if you run out of your hours in the middle of a show and what happens if four other cases. We found the power of unlimited is very strong with consumers, which means its a much easier and simpler proposition to market. So thats the driving rationale.
Barry McCarthy: Back in October of 99 we had a cap on the DVD subscription program until we figured out how to manage the economics to a happy outcome for Netflix and a good user experience for subscribers. That promise of unlimited unlocked broad-based consumer appeal of the service and we are headed down the same path, unlimited usage for the Internet on delivering video as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barton Crockett - JP Morgan.
Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan: Reed, just a follow-up question for the model. You guys will give us in disclosures or other conferences year-to-year change in mailings and year-to-year change in postage and packaging expense? Can you give it to us now?
Barry McCarthy: No.
Reed Hastings: It comes out in the K.
Barton Crockett  J.P. Morgan: Are you saying you are waiting for the K on that?
Barry McCarthy: Yes.
Reed Hastings: Thats right.
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. At this time Ill turn the call back over to you, Mr. Reed Hastings, for any closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Thank you everyone for your support and I look forward to speaking with you again over the quarter and at the next call.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Vice President, Investor Relations Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief ExecutiveOfficer Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
Analysts: Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers Barton Crockett - J.P. Morgan Tony Wible - Citigroup Brian Pitz - Bank of America Heath Terry - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Netflix third quarter2007 earnings conference call. Todays all is being recorded. At this time, foropening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to DeborahCrawford, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's thirdquarter 2007 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, thecompanys co-founder and CEO, I will dispense with the customary cautionarylanguage and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We released earnings for the third quarter at approximately1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliationof all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and this conference call areavailable at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com. Arebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 3:30p.m. Pacific Time today. We will make forward-looking statements during this callregarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differmaterially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to thebusiness. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained inour filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annualreport on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 28, 2007. Now I would like to turn over the call to Reed.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah and welcome, everyone. As you read today,our results in Q3 were very strong in comparison to expectations and wesubstantially exceeded our guidance in subscribers, revenue, and earnings. Inaddition, we raised our guidance for Q4 as described in our press release. Inshort, it was a great quarter. As you know, in recent quarters our growth has been impactedby Blockbusters online strategy of selling dollars for $0.85. Thats not aviable long-term strategy and our competitor now appears to have de-emphasizedtheir online business in favor of generating profits and focusing on improvingtheir stores. While our results in Q3 were significantly above ourexpectations, we are mindful that they were about the same as Q3 one year ago.Earnings, gross additions and churn were on par with last years Q3, while netadditions were about 40% less than last year, since we were churning from abigger base this Q3. We are much happier today than 90 days ago, but were stillnot where we would like to be in terms of subscriber growth. However, I ampleased that in the first three quarters of this year, we have alreadygenerated more net income than in the whole of 2006. Internally, we debate how our business would have performedin Q3 without our June and July price cuts, and theres no consensus. What isclear, however, is that even after the price cuts, we are an Internet retailerwith over 30% gross margins and growing profits. Compared to other Internetretailers, our new pricing is still quite healthy in terms of gross margins. The advantage of lower prices to our business is reducedchurn and lower SAC. Our Q3 churn reduction was as our price cut modelspredicted, and most of it was due to our lower prices rather than the change incompetitive climate. The reduction in SAC, however, we think was from a mix oflower prices, more efficient spend, and our competitors lighter marketing. As we look ahead, we are focused on continuing to deepen thecompetitive moats around our DVD rental offering. By continuing to improve ourservice and being aggressive on value, we are confident at remaining the leaderin online DVD rental, regardless of what the competitive landscape holds, andto be the primary beneficiary as more and more consumers move their spendingand time online. In addition of prospering in online DVD rental, we areexpanding in online video quite nicely. In the past, we have announced variousmilestones, such as reaching 10 million views, in our desire to provide youwith some sense of how subscribers were reacting to the option of watchingcontent instantly on their PCs. As the number of viewers and views continues to grow, thisinformation becomes more sensitive for competitive reasons and going forward,we will no longer release it. At a high level, our strategy is to build a very large DVDrental subscriber base and to bundle in the ability to watch those moviesonline. If a consumer in America is in to the Internet and movies, the chancesare good they are going to be a Netflix DVD rental subscriber. Additionally, since a good deal of content will be availableonly on DVD for some years, a hybrid offering like ours is differentiallycompelling to consumers in comparison with any online only offering. Our goals in online video over the coming years arethree-fold: one, to expand the content we offer online; two, to make itinexpensive and easy for consumers to view that content on the television; andthree, to understand what the financial model for the hybrid service will be inthe long-term. On the content side, we are working steadily year after yearto increase the amount of movies and TV shows we have available online. It took10 years to get most content available on DVD and it may take that long againto get most content online. We are pleased with our progress to date and are licensingmore content every quarter. In terms of enabling the viewing of online content on thetelevision screen, we are exploring a variety of options, including Internetconnected, high definition DVD players, Internet connected game consoles, anddedicated Internet set tops, with a variety of partners, trying to understandthe best ways to provide inexpensive viewing of online content on thetelevision. In the meantime, laptop computers are, for the youngergeneration, one of the primary ways video of all sorts is being enjoyed, andour online viewing is up dramatically quarter over quarter. While we are not yet in the position to provide investorsthe long-term financial model behind the hybrid service, we do want to reassureyou that we plan no large-scale changes to our cash flows next year with, say,big hardware subsidies. Ten years ago, we formed Netflix and eight years ago, welaunched our subscription service. Our ambition has always been to emerge asone of the worlds leading Internet movie firms, with a profit stream that willsignificantly exceed that of our initial DVD business. It took several years for us to turn our DVD rental businessprofitable and our online video expansion may take just as long. We now havemore resources, bigger competitors, and a much bigger prize to earn. Since the opportunity for online video, however, will emergeslowly rather than suddenly, we believe we can generate increasing profits forthe business as a whole while we expand into online video. To close, I want to thank everyone who continued to see thevalue in owning Netflix over the last nine months. The competition was moreaggressive than we had imagined likely. I am proud that we chose to stick tothe basics by steadily improving value and service quality for our subscribers,and we emerged stronger than ever. Its reasonable to expect that our stock price couldcontinue to experience swings but we will continue as we have been to focus onsteadily building a company whose competitive strengths position us to growsubscribers and profits year after year. And now, over to Barry.
Barry McCarthy: Thanks, Reed, and good afternoon, everyone. As you know fromtodays earnings release and Reeds comments, Q3 results exceeded ourexpectations. Three weeks into the fourth quarter, we remain encouraged by ourresults quarter to date, which is reflected in our upward revision in Q4guidance for subscribers, revenue, net income, and EPS. Changes in the competitive environment were an importantcatalyst for the quarters performance, so Ill begin my remarks by talkingabout the implications of competition for subscriber growth. Next Ill discussour third quarter results, our updated guidance for Q4, and provide a fewcomment on 2008. Then Ill close my remarks with an update on the status of thestock buy-back program we announced on the Q1 earnings call. Last quarter, I said we expected to operate in a challengingand competitive environment for the remainder of 2007 and into 2008. Ninetydays later, we see a different picture. The question is how could things havechanged so quickly? Two factors contributed to this shift. First, as we discussed on last quarters call, we stepped upour investment in growth by lowering prices in order to increase our share ofnew subscribers and reaccelerate our sub growth; and second, Blockbusters newmanagement team shifted strategy to emphasize profit in additional tosame-store sales growth, a significant change in direction from the priormanagement team. These two changes, and to a lesser degree, the effects ofthe seasonally strong quarter, restored our sub growth and lifted our endingsubscribers above the high end of our guidance. Financial results for Q3 exceeded our expectations acrossall key financial metrics. The highlights Ill focus on today include revenue,gross margin, subscriber acquisition costs, and free cash flow. Revenues were above the high end of the guidance, fueled bysubscriber growth and retention improvements. ARPU declined again this quarterby about 4% sequentially and 10% on a year-over-year basis, which was in linewith our expectations following the price cut last quarter. In spite of the price cut, we earned the same revenue perpaid disk shipment in Q3 as we did one year ago, which shows that the economicsof lower price plans are working. Gross margin of 33.9% outperformed our expectations for thequarter. Lower content cost was the primary driver of this out-performance,along with some benefit from lower fulfillment costs. Although margins exceeded our expectations in the quarter,they were still down sequentially and year over year, as expected. Increasedspending on Internet delivered video content and the price cut were the primarycontributors to the sequential decline in gross margin. This trend willcontinue in Q4 as the full impact of lower prices cycles through the P&Land we continue to invest in Internet delivered video content. In my opening remarks, I pointed to the changed competitiveenvironment and the reacceleration of our subscriber growth. Faster subscribergrowth in Q3 was accompanied by significantly lower marketing spending, whichwas a managed outcome. Subscriber acquisition cost of $37.91 was the lowestits been in eight quarters, and total marketing expense decreased by $10.2million, or 17% on a year-over-year basis. Last quarter, we committed ourselves to funding most of thecost of the price decrease with reductions in marketing spending, and thisquarter you saw that strategy at work in lower subscriber acquisition cost. My final comment on our financial performance for thequarter will relate to free cash flow of $36 million, which increased from $6.5million in Q2, continuing a trend that emerged last quarter and a seasonalpattern that dates back to our days as a private company. This increase wasdriven primarily by a seasonal decrease in content acquisition and an increasein our accounts payable. I began my remarks today by commenting on our raisedguidance for Q4 -- fast subscriber growth, driven by our Q3 price cuts, as wellas changes in the competitive climate explains our expectations for fastergrowth. At the same time, the lower marketing spending associatedwith the price cuts should contribute to increased profitability. Given our out-performance in Q3, and our increased guidancefor Q4, I would like to comment briefly on our expectations for 2008profitability. Last quarter, I said we may see a decline in 2008 net incomeon a year-over-year basis. Given our third quarter performance, that view nowseems overly pessimistic. Today, it wouldnt surprise me to see net income flatto slightly up in 2008 on a year-over-year basis. Let me explain why I think thatsplausible. Two important assumptions that underlay our expectations for2008: first, we expect the current competitive environment to remain unchanged;and second, we expect to significantly increase our investment spending inInternet delivered video. As Reed mentioned last quarter, we expect to debut Internetdelivery to the TV next year, and that will involve increased investment incontent as we expand our library of titles and more Netflix subscribers chooseInternet delivery. Before closing, I would like to update you on the status ofthe stock buy-back program we announced six months ago. Last quarter, we purchased 2.1 million shares at an averagecost of $17.17 per share. Since inception, weve purchased 3.4 million sharesat a total cost of approximately $65.7 million. Whether we continue to buyshares back in the current quarter depends on where the stock trades during thequarter. In summary, last quarters price cut, which was funded inpart by a reduction in marketing spending and a favorable shift in thecompetitive environment, led the strong out-performance across all key metricsin the third quarter. We believe the overall category of online DVD rental willcontinue growing. Our business model continues to perform well. We are pleasedwith our Internet delivered video progress and believe our hybrid distributionstrategy by mail and across the Internet gives us a long-term sustainablecompetitive advantage. We remain focused on accomplishing the strategic initiativesReed outline in his remarks today and we look forward to updating you again inJanuary on our Q4 call. That concludes my prepared remarks. Thank you for joining ustoday, and now we look forward to answering your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from GordonHodge with Thomas Weisel.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: Thanks. Terrific quarter. Just a couple of questions; itsounds like again the gross margin, very strong. Im just curious if you couldgo a little bit more into it. I think your capital expenditures on disks wasalso at least below our expectations. Is the source of that primarily usage orare you getting meaningful terms on disks that are fully amortized, and/or areyou seeing any change in the mix, either rev share, towards rev share discs oralternatively catalog versus new releases? Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: Well, as I said in my comments, Gordon, seasonally we see adecline in Q3 purchasing, and that explains the reason for the decline that wereported.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: Is that a seasonal decline in the need to purchase or isthat just something to do with the calendar as it relates to the studios?
Barry McCarthy: Studios, primarily, studio release.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: Got it. And then just anything on catalog versus new releaseand rev share versus purchased?
Barry McCarthy: Nothing new in the quarter related to catalog versus newrelease, and as it relates to rev share versus purchase, over the last severalquarters, weve leaned slightly more towards purchase than rev share.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: Okay, terrific, and then any comment as to what you thinkthe impact of Movie Gallerys bankruptcy filing might do for you?
Reed Hastings: Any time video stores close, its got to help us. You haveto imagine, though, that the first thousand or so Movie Gallery stores thatclose are the ones that are right across the street from a Blockbuster, and soits probably reasonable to think that they are more likely to cross the streetthan suddenly come online. If theres ever isolated, rural stores that close, then theonly option is online, so that would be a -- if theres a second wave, thatwould be more helpful to us. I think the first wave is going to be mostlyhelpful to other video stores in the neighborhood.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jim Friedland with Cowenand Company.
Jim Friedland - Cowenand Company: Thanks. Some questions on the P&L. Sequentially, lookingat the tech and dev spending, G&A, and also PP&E, you are sequentiallydown Q-over-Q. And I just wanted to get an idea of some of the drivers, and thequestion behind that is in terms of the ramp of the Watch Instantly feature,are some of the expenses already preloaded, so as we go into next year, theneed to increase, for example, tech and dev or PP&E is not as great?Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: In the tech and dev line, Jim, last quarter we capitalized,we expensed -- we took some one-time expenses that were non-recurring, so thatexplains the sequential decline. The G&A line, which also declined sequentially, probablydriven by litigation expense, also non-recurring.
Jim Friedland - Cowenand Company: And PP&E, which has declined for the last couple ofquarters?
Barry McCarthy: It fluctuates seasonally. We tend to, to the extent we aregoing to by CapEx, it tends to be a year-end phenomenon for us, when vendorsare anxious to cut deals to make sales quotas.
Jim Friedland - Cowenand Company: Okay, and the last part of that question is thinking aboutthe necessary expenses for Watch Instantly, as you look at game players, DVRs,et cetera. Is there any need to accelerate the tech and dev spending in termsof a percentage of revenue going into 08, should there be any meaningfulchange there?
Reed Hastings: Well continue to grow our investment on an absolute basis.Were reasonably consistent with our history over the last couple of years, sothere is no big change in that history. And some of that is deployed againstinstant watching, some of thats deployed against making the core DVD rentalservice better.
Jim Friedland - Cowenand Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Youssef Squali withJeffries.
Youssef Squali -Jeffries & Company: Thank you very much. Reed, some time back you had talkedabout reaching 20 million subs by 2010, I think 2012. The competitive landscapekind of toughened up a little bit, so your focus -- are you focused a littleless on that and more on bottom line? The competitive landscape seems to haveimproved quite dramatically in the last three months. Can you kind of just tellus where you stand directionally? I mean, between or a choice betweenpotentially raising prices and try to maximize profits versus just keepingprices down and just dramatically increase subscriber growth to maybe goingback to the initial philosophy? Can you just update us on that and is a priceincrease potentially on the table, considering how favorable the competitivelandscape is?
Reed Hastings: Youssef, its a balance for us of both growth in subscriberson DVD rental, earnings, and our investments in online video. And so if we doour job well, well be able to pull off increases in all three of those. Soweve never looked at it as, for example, the 20 million, that it was 20 million at any cost. It was 20million consistent with some very nice earnings growth along the way. In terms of the 20 million, it will probably take us acouple of quarters to get a feel for whats the likely trajectory goingforward. In terms of a price increase, it could always happen. Socould price cuts. We continue to actually test more price cuts and looking forthe elasticity in the same way that we always have, so prices and value is aneffective tool for us to use on both side of that.
Youssef Squali -Jeffries & Company: Youve invested a lot in customer care. You seem to beseeing that as a strategic advantage. Any way to quantify the benefit in churnfrom that move? And what other side benefits do you realize from having thatasset?
Reed Hastings: Theres no precise way of qualifying it in terms of churnbecause we dont have a controlled set of customers that didnt get the highquality customer support, so its more our judgment that this is a worthyinvestment and it pays itself off in a positive brand reputation, which helpsthe word of mouth and helps us grow. I would point out, I mean, were getting some great pressabout it. Its not particularly material in the total P&L, so its a goodthing but if you calculate the cost of 200 or 300 hourly employees, its not abig investment or a big driver of our P&L.
Youssef Squali -Jeffries & Company: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Douglas Anmuth with LehmanBrothers.
Douglas Anmuth -Lehman Brothers: Thank you. Barry, you were talking about SAC and noting howit was the lowest it has been in about two years. Can you provide some color onhow the marketing spend trended throughout the quarter? Im sort of wonderingwhy maybe you didnt even spend more in marketing to take advantage of the morefavorable environment, at least during the back half of 3Q? And then secondly, can you also talk about the compositionof new adds and how that may differ from where it was a year ago, for example,in terms of whether you think these are new customers coming online or whetherthey are more so coming from a competitor? Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: As it relates to the trend during the quarter, no comment.As it relates to the composition versus a year ago, I think all well say isthat the trend in growth in rejoins continues. Weve seen a gradual increaseover time and that remains true today. We are seeing fewer folks leave forother online services, but it is not a hugely significant shift. And as it relates to why we didnt spend more in the quarteron marketing, I would remind you that last quarter our message was there arelots of different ways to invest in growth. One way is through additionalmarketing. Another means is with price reductions, and last quarter we made thedecision to throw our weight behind price reductions and we submitted at thetime that we would pay for it -- significantly pay for it with reductions inmarketing spending, so nothing we saw during the quarter convinced us that weshould depart from the strategy that we had articulated for you on lastquarters call.
Douglas Anmuth -Lehman Brothers: And can you also comment on your Bay area penetration?
Barry McCarthy: Sixteen-point-nine percent.
Douglas Anmuth -Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Barton Crockett with J.P.Morgan.
Barton Crockett -J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks a lot. Congratulations on a great quarter. Iwanted to ask you a question about the gross addition trend though, which wasdown 1% year to year here, and the net additions down 50%. If you trend thatout for a couple of years, that puts you at a point where basically you are notgrowing subscribers a couple of years out. Clearly I dont think you guys seethat, so Im just wondering what keeps the long-term trend in subscriber growthgoing? Do you think you pick up gross additions over the next couple of years,or does the churn rate improve?
Reed Hastings: A little bit of both. Were seeing, if you map out how doyou grow to our goals over the next couple of years, it will require bothreduction in churn and an increase in the gross adds, so its why we pointedout that in fact, although wed significantly exceeded where we thought wed befor Q3 on a year-over-year basis, were only half recovered where we were oneyear ago and weve still got some work to do.
Barton Crockett -J.P. Morgan: And then the other thing in terms of the investment inonline, you guys have talked about a $40 million spend this year and I justwant to be clear; in the past, youve suggested that you would spend more thanthat next year. Is that still what you are suggesting? And if so, if you couldgive us some sense of what that spend gets you?
Barry McCarthy: We did say that we expect to increase our spending nextyear. Thats all weve said. We said we would talk more about our onlinestrategy and plans in January on the Q4 call, so if youll be patient, wellhave more to say then.
Barton Crockett -J.P. Morgan: Okay, all right, but again, the flat to slightly up earningsincludes more spend on online next year?
Barry McCarthy: Yes, thats correct, and you could get your model to workwith that increasing -- without increasing your assumption for online spending.
Barton Crockett -J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then the final thing, you may not be willing to gothis far, but is the increase in online spending, is that of a recurring natureor is that just kind of a one-time thing that hurts you in 08 but isnt likelyto be there in subsequent years?
Reed Hastings: Theres very little of our online spending thats one-timein nature. You can always call something one-time but it almost always turnsinto, you know, as youre growing and youve got new competitors in the future,to be essentially an ongoing investment. So said differently, were planningfor success.
Barton Crockett -J.P. Morgan: Okay. All right, good. Thanks a lot, guys, I appreciate it.
Operator: Well go next to Tony Wible with Citigroup.
Tony Wible -Citigroup: Good afternoon. I had a couple of questions on the SAC andBarry, if you could, how would you anticipate the SAC changing withseasonality? And then also, if we were to see a revamped marketing push byBlockbuster, is there a way of kind of quantifying tit for tat how that wouldaffect the earnings model?
Barry McCarthy: Well, its very hard to answer the second question in theabstract. One of the big drivers of SAC is growth from word of mouth, peoplewho have heard about the service from friends and decide that you are the placethey want to -- you are the brand they want to associate with and they walk inthe door essentially for free. And [thats notwithstanding] your, your averagecost per acquired sub. In terms of overall spending, SAC is very much a managedoutcome and we begin each quarter with a fixed dollar amount in mind and Leslieand her team manage the business to deliver that level of spending. We willperiodically reassess during the quarter, reassess the amount of money that weplan to spend with respect to our forecasts for profitability during thequarter. But given that we are still in the process of paying for the pricecuts that we implemented, its not likely were going to double down onmarketing spending.
Tony Wible -Citigroup: Given that the cuts that youve made have really kind ofnetted into a benefit based on your results this quarter, would you notconsider just lowering pricing then on a go-forward basis?
Reed Hastings: As I said earlier on the call, we are definitely testingadditional, price [tests] and lower prices to see is there enough elasticitysuch that with reduced marketing, we end up with greater profits and greatersubscribers after the price cut, so its something we look at and potentiallyprice increases also, depending again on the same elasticity. So we look atboth.
Tony Wible -Citigroup: Reed, I appreciated your comments on the call about the potentialfor one of the channels to get to the TV being a box, but that you would notcarry subsidies on that box. Could you elaborate a little bit more on what youmeant by that? Are we talking about partnering with a third party or -- howwould that box work relative to the other models?
Reed Hastings: Well fill you in more I think on our next quarters call.The main thing I wanted to get across is that we werent contemplating anyradical moves on a cash flow, kind of put that one to rest, and that stillgives us a lot of flexibility in how to operate and how to be effective, andwell be able to give you a fuller update a quarter from now.
Tony Wible -Citigroup: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Brian Pitz with Bank ofAmerica.
Brian Pitz - Bank ofAmerica: Thanks. You mentioned the increase in investment spending inInternet video next year. Just to be more specific in terms of content, can yougive us a sense between longer tail content projects versus not-so-long tail, andreally comment on the competition that may result from other studiospotentially chasing the longer tail content? And then, on the second question, sort of a follow-up fromanother question that was asked, can you really give us a sense for how much mayhave been spent year-to-date on the Internet video project, so we just canmodel things thoughtfully going forward? Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: I understand why you re asking and I dont mean to bedifficult in saying we have no comment at this time, but we have no furthercomment at this time and we will -- to the extent we have more to say, wellsay it on the Q4 call in January.
Brian Pitz - Bank ofAmerica: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Well take our next question from Heath Terry with CreditSuisse.
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Thank you. I was wondering if you could give us an update onwhat kind of penetration you are seeing for the Watch Now service, and to whatextent youve been able to meet your goals in terms of expanding theavailability of the product offering there?
Reed Hastings: Weve been very pleased with the Watch Now service. Weannounced, of course, 10 million views as of six weeks ago, so weve seen verynice and broad usage. And theres a whole demographic of people that are verycomfortable watching movies, whether those are DVDs or online video, on theirlaptop. So theres a high-end base, which has the plasma TV in the den, andthen theres another group or another segment of consumers that are reallypretty laptop-centric and theyve been getting significant value from ourservice. So we are very pleased with the progress there.
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Is there a penetration number that you can talk about --20%, 25%?
Reed Hastings: No, again, same as Barry referred to. For competitivereasons, were going to be a little quieter going forward. Well give youqualitative updates on where its trending but its been very successful for usand were very excited by it.
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Have you got any feel for, been able to get any feel fromthose that have adopted it, are they changing their by mail rental habit? Arethey still consuming the same number of discs by mail and just Watch Now on topof it? Or is this actually a replacement for them?
Barry McCarthy: Well, well be able to get a feel for that over the nextprobably two years, in terms of how our gross margin evolves, to see how muchsubstitution there is. In the best case, theres enough substitution that weare able to maintain pricing and maintain gross margins, but we dont haveenough evidence to believe in that. Its more of a desire at this point. And I point out that without a control set, i.e., a largeset of subscribers that didnt have online, its really hard to tell mixed inwith the seasonality and the other factors going on, you know, is it because ofonline video or is it because of fewer big hit movies this Q3 than in the past.
Heath Terry - CreditSuisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Gordon Hodge with ThomasWeisel Partners.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: Just a follow-up, just on the fact that you had a 1% declinein gross subscriber additions. Given the fact that you didnt change yourpricing until July and I think Blockbuster took the foot off the gas onmarketing sometime in July or early August, my guess is that your trend ingross subscriber adds is stepped up considerably, so that you are actuallypacing up into Q4, or maybe you can -- if you cant comment on that, maybe justcomment on the gross subscriber adds August and September, that would be great.Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: Well, I think you see in our increased guidance for Q4 howwe feel about the net of those trends, and we are very excited about those.Obviously we are not guiding explicitly to gross adds, but we are making somereal progress by continuing to focus on great execution.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: But its probably fair to say that you are up in September,or you were up in September and August?
Barry McCarthy: I didnt confirm or disconfirm that for you, Gordon. Sorryabout that.
Gordon Hodge - ThomasWeisel Partners: No worries. Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude todays question-and-answer session.At this time, I will turn the call back over to you, Mr. Reed, for any closingremarks.
Reed Hastings: Thank you to everyone. We look forward to talking to youagain in a quarter. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for yourparticipation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-23 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Director, Investor Relations   Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 
Analysts: Barton Crockett - JP Morgan   Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company   Mike Olsen - Piper Jaffray   Tony Wible - Citigroup   Heath Terry - Credit Suisse   Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners   Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill   Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company   Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research   Brian Pitz - Bank of America 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Netflix second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded and at this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the program over to Ms. Deborah Crawford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam. 
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's second quarter 2007 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call.  We released earnings for the second quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP and this conference call, are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 3:30 p.m. Pacific Time today. We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 28, 2007.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Reed. 
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah and welcome to everyone. In the second quarter, Netflix exceeded our profit forecast and delivered one of our most profitable quarters ever. The seasonality in our business means that the second quarter is typically our most profitable and slowest-growing quarter of the year. In the past, slow growth meant a 5% to 10% sequential increase in subscribers. This quarter, due to increased competition, it meant a 1% decline in subscribers. We expect to return to positive sequential growth in the second-half, even assuming no relief from the competitive environment due to higher seasonal growth in the second-half of the year compared to the second quarter.  Partially due to the battle with our competition, the online rental segment as a whole is growing quite remarkably. In the year between mid-2005 and mid-2006, online rental expanded by a healthy 2.5 million net additions. But in the most recent 12 months, from mid-06 to mid-07, online additions accelerated to approximately 3.7 million subscribers.  As Internet commerce continues to mainstream, and as video stores close, the prospects for online rental to add over 4 million net new subscribers over the next year are strong. If online rental stays on that 4 million per year track for three years, that would be more than 20 million online subscribers by mid 2010. If online rental achieves these subscriber levels, then the mass closures of the largely fixed cost video stores will help make online rental even more pervasive. Within just a few years, much of the DVD rental market will likely be online rental.  Despite alternatives to DVD rental, such as video-on-demand and DVD sales, domestic DVD rental from Blockbuster, Movie Gallery and Netflix combined grew from Q106 to Q107, the last published quarter.  In other words, online rental growth more than made up for shrinking store rental revenue. Consumers are not shifting away from DVD rental but they are shifting from store-based DVD rental to online DVD rental.  Consumers are choosing online DVD rental in ever greater numbers due to its superior value, convenience and selection. And the online, one distribution center per region model is significantly more efficient than the one video store per neighborhood model.  This year, Blockbuster realized the criticality of online rental and changed its strategy to dramatically increase investment in online rental by giving away one free store rental for every online rental. By literally giving away the store, they have gained online subscribers at the cost of big financial losses.  Earlier this year, we thought Blockbuster might sustain these steep losses for only a quarter or two, as they did in 2005, so we maintained our profit goals and trimmed our subscriber expectations for the year.  At this point, however, we believe it is prudent for us to assume that Blockbuster stays in the online-growth-over-profits mode as long as they can and therefore, we are adapting our competitive posture by shifting some profits to defend our share. If this assumption turns out to be too conservative, that should be upside for us.  As we look at how to grow our business most efficiently, we make trade-offs between service levels, marketing levels and price levels. For example, we are opening 10 or so new distribution centers this year because we find improving service levels with faster delivery is a relatively efficient means of subscriber growth and retention.  Similarly, we are frequently testing lower price points to see if there is enough elasticity to pay for the price cuts. Last month in June, we became convinced that we could cut the price of our two-out unlimited program by a dollar, and it would substantially pay itself back through increased retention and increased organic growth, allowing us to spend less in marketing. We are very pleased with the result of that two-out price cut and we are now extending that reduction to our one-out and three-out customers.  At lower prices, we will spend less acquiring subscribers than we otherwise would have because of the increased attractiveness of our lower-priced programs. In other words, marketing reductions largely fund these price cuts.  Our strategy evolution is shifting some profits into growth investments for as long as our competitor runs their online service at a considerable loss. The tactics of our increased growth investments are higher service levels, lower pricing and slightly less marketing because we believe that is the most efficient combination for Netflix at this point.  Despite the shift of some profits into growth, our full-year subscriber guidance is down slightly but not by as much as it otherwise would have been. We have shifted some profit into growth but are attempting to avoid the trap of overreacting. At some point, our competitor will likely desire at least a modest profit on their online service and we expect Netflix to enjoy greater growth and profitability at that time. The market is large enough that there is room for two large, growing, and profitable online businesses.  The reason the current competition is so intense is the opportunity is quite large, as consumers switch from store rental to online rental. Over the long-term, we think our advantages as an innovative Internet company filled with great talent and fueled by outstanding customer satisfaction are enormous. Couple that with the strength of our balance sheet and we believe Netflix is well-positioned to compete effectively and to emerge from the current battle strong, growing and profitable.  Part of this optimism stems from the progress were making in online video, which will grow slowly but steadily over the next five to 10 years. Usage tracking by compete.com already shows us as the leading online movie service by a wide margin and our ability to combine online DVD rental and online video into one service gives us a significant competitive advantage.  We are generating more online video viewing every month. The next big step -- delivering Netflix online video to the television -- we expect to come together next year with a number of partners and well have more to say about that next year. One subscription service with two delivery methods is we believe the path to long-term leadership and profits.  At this point, Ill turn the call over to Barry to give you some more color on our results. 
Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed and good afternoon, everyone. My prepared remarks will comment on our financial performance for Q2 and our earnings guidance for the remainder of the year. Ill also share some preliminary thoughts about guidance for 2008, after which Ill conclude my remarks with a status update on the $100 million stock buy-back program we announced last quarter.  As Reed mentioned, last quarters results were mixed. Subscribers were in the low-end of our guidance range and ending subs actually declined for the first time in our history, which was disappointing.  The good news is that slower subscriber growth was accompanied by lower marketing spending, which resulted in near record high net income, significantly above the high-end of our guidance for the quarter.  Revenue for Q2 was in the low-end of the range of our guidance. This resulted from the sequential decline in ending subscribers. ASP continued to decline as we expected, reflecting the popularity of our lower-priced plans. As in prior quarters, the three-out $17.99 a month program was our most popular offering.  We expect ASP to continue to decline for the foreseeable future, until the mix of new subscribers and existing subscribers reaches equilibrium. Ill explain why this shift is driving expansion of our gross margin in a moment.  As we forecast on last quarters earnings call, our gross margin declined sequentially in Q2. The primary reasons for that decline were: one, the 2% increase in the first-class mail rate we absorbed in May; and two, increasing costs related to our Watch Now online video feature, which we rolled out to our entire subscriber base during the quarter.  With the growing popularity of our online video feature, we expect these costs to increase over the next two quarters and reduce gross margins further, as Netflix subscribers enjoy the immediacy of Internet-delivered video.  These online video costs are another example of the investment spending we talked about to drive increased value for Netflix subscribers. But our gross margin for the quarter was in fact better than we expected because fulfillment and online video costs were less than we expected, and that brings us back to my earlier mention of the decline in ASP and the positive impact on our gross margin.  Overall, ASP declined about 3% sequentially in Q2 but that 3% decline was accompanied by a 6% increase in the revenue we earned on every paid disc shipment in the quarter, which means profit margins are expanding with the decline in ASP, assisted by the seasonal decline in disc shipments and the growth of our lower-priced plans.  Net income of $26 million grew 50% year over year and was 71% above the midpoint of our guidance for Q2. The majority of the outperformance, or about 60%, was due to slower sub-growth and lower marketing expense which accompanied that slower growth, as well as the stronger-than-expected gross margin.  The remainder of the outperformance, or about 40%, was due to our patent infringement litigation settlement with Blockbuster. This was a one-time payment with no ongoing stream of license fees.  The marketing group maintained their spending discipline again this past quarter, spending up to the marginal lifetime value of a subscriber to grow our business, which maximizes our total profit.  To put the impact of our marketing spending in perspective, lets remember that with flat revenue of approximately $305 million in each of the last two quarters, we more than doubled net income from $10 million to $26 million as we reduced marketing spending sequentially by $27 million, or one-third.  Free cash flow in the quarter of $6.5 million was modestly positive after last quarters negative free cash flow of $18 million but would have been nearly break-even without the Blockbuster settlement. The principal contributors to the improvement in cash flow were the $16 million sequential increase in net income, plus a decrease in prepaid expenses, combined with the reduction in both fixed asset and DVD purchases. Like last year, we expected comparatively strong cash flow in the second-half of the year.  Todays earnings release introduces guidance for Q3 and Q4. Our guidance includes a downward revision in ending subscribers and net income for 2007. This was the second consecutive quarter in which Blockbusters willingness to lose money on its Total Access program slowed our sub growth.  Because we think they operate Total Access at a 5% to 10% gross margin, the more subs they get the more money they lose after deducting marketing and fixed expenses. Last quarter, I estimated their online business would lose more than $200 million this year. If they continue to operate their online business this way, well continue to operate in a challenging competitive environment.  As Reed mentioned, we are assuming Blockbuster continues on its current path. That means we expect continued pressure on our ability to grow our sub-base profitably. So while we were pleased with this quarters near record net income, we are also feeling pressure to arrest the shift in market share and reaccelerate sub growth.  The increased investment in growth relative to profits that Reed spoke about today is another positive if modest step towards slowing the shift in market share.  On last quarters earnings call, Reed told you that we needed to see an acceleration in our subscriber growth as compared with current trends to reach 20 million subs by 2012, and without an acceleration in subscriber growth and profit, we cant deliver the 50% annual earnings growth we once targeted for the business. In 2008, by way of example, we may see a decline in net income on a year-over-year basis.  Two important assumptions underlie our expectations for 2008. The first is that the current competitive environment remains unchanged and the second assumption is if we significantly increase our investment spending in Internet-delivered video. As Reed indicated, we expect to debut Internet delivery to the TV next year. That will involve increased investment, primarily in content as increasing numbers of Netflix subscribers choose Internet delivery.  Last quarter, we announced a program to buy back $100 million of Netflix stock. To date, weve purchased 1.4 million shares at a cost of approximately $30 million. If the business performs as we expect over the next two quarters, well complete the buy-back program by year-end and finish the year with more than $350 million in cash and no debt on our balance sheet.  In summary, Q2 was our first quarter of declining subs and our first quarter with more than $25 million in net income, excluding the realization of the deferred tax asset in Q4 of 2005.  The business model is performing well from a P&L perspective but our growth has slowed in this rapidly growing online rental market. With Blockbuster losing more than $200 million a year to grow its online business, we are unable to grow subscribers as fast as wed like to and maintain strong profit growth and so we are gradually investing more resources to drive growth at the expense of profit.  Thats the goal of the increased investment in growth Reed spoke about earlier -- to change the growth trajectory of our business by changing the competitive value proposition of our service.  Last quarter I told you we value profit more than growth. We saw that emphasis play itself out in last quarters results. But profit growth outpaced sub growth to such an extent last quarter that we think the pendulum swung too far and our guidance for the remainder of 2007 reflects our decision to compete more aggressively for new subscriber growth than we did last quarter.  When Blockbuster decides to operate its online business profitably, our financial results will improve also. But until that time, both sub growth and earnings will remain under pressure.  That concludes my prepared remarks and now well open the phone lines to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Barton Crockett with JP Morgan. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you very much for taking the question. I wanted to ask I guess one thing following up on the sort of teaser information, I guess Ill call it, you gave us about 2008. I take it at this point youre giving us some qualitative information saying you may see stepped up investment in the Internet video and youre assuming the competitive environment is unchanged but you are not providing EPS guidance at this point for 2008 specifically. But I was wondering if you could provide us any qualitative sense of whether your baseline view right now is whether 08 is higher or lower than what you are saying now for 07. So that would be the first question. 
Barry McCarthy: Well I dont see it being any higher than current year and theres a possibility that theyll be lower. Mostly what I see when I look across the sell side research are forecasts for increases on a year-over-year basis. Im trying to signal that I think thats overly optimistic, given the level of investment in growth we plan to make in the business. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan : And then the second thing I was wondering about is if we go through the changes in the guidance, it looks like the reduction to the back-half after kind of backing in the level of -- your guidance in the second quarter and what youve printed here. Something in the range of, you know, a reduction of I guess in the $0.20 to $0.33 range. What is the principal driver of that? Is it the price reduction or is it lower subs than you had anticipated? In other words, how much of is it kind of competitive versus just a change in your pricing plan? 
Barry McCarthy: Well, theres some of both, primarily related to pricing. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan : And then the final thing and then Ill jump off here; Blockbuster said in their presentation to lenders that theyve done some survey work that says that 60% of video renters, DVD renters, want a combination of store and online, 20% want store only, 20% want the online subscription only. Since their numbers are out there, I was wondering if you guys have any counterpoint to that, any research youve done that either supports or contradicts what Blockbuster is putting out there? 
Reed Hastings: The consumers want a value and if you give away a lot of free store rentals, Im sure they respond positively, as weve seen in the numbers. I think really the issue is Blockbuster is willing to lose a lot of money to grow their share and that makes a tougher climate for us, and they could do that by, for example, having online only and cutting the price in half, or they could do that with $200 million of marketing, or they could do it with free store rentals. How they do it is not that relevant. Whats relevant is that they are willing to subsidize the business to a great degree because they feel that its a wise course for them. So again, its -- I think its become clearer that online rental is going to become the dominant form or rental and were seeing a share scramble and it looks like they think they were a little behind and so theyve got to invest a lot to catch up. But presumably they are going to be interested in profits in that business over time also. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan : Okay. All right. Ive asked enough questions. Thank you, guys, very much. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Douglas Anmuth with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. It seems like you think that you can shift the competitive landscape, at least to some degree, by lowering prices and then next year shifting more into digital, so digital is obviously a big part of the story next year in terms of the spending. But could you talk about what you are seeing so far in terms of churn rates or customer satisfaction with your instant viewing users? Can you also talk about the impact that youve seen so far of the BBI mail only product? Thank you. 
Barry McCarthy: Ill take those in reverse order. In terms of the BBI mail only, they dont promote that. They promote integration with a store and we compete with Total Access. I doubt many people, many consumers know that they have a mail only program, so I dont think thats a relevant competitive point for us.  Second, you stated that the dollar price cut will make a difference now and then over time, instant viewing. You know, the dollar price cut is one tactic. The other tactics that we are doing are improving the service levels throughout the business, and those all get traded off against each other as ways to efficiently grow so I wouldnt put as much emphasis on the price cut as opposed to really again at the strategy level, what we are doing is shifting some profits over to be more competitive and some of thats going into price cuts, some of that is going into service levels.  In terms of the retention impact in instant viewing, what we certainly believe is the more people use Netflix, whether thats DVD or instant viewing, the more they perceive they are getting a value and that those are the things that drive retention, and online viewing because of the lack of mailing the disc is inherently a lot more efficient way to deliver movies, so we are pushing into that to harvest those increased efficiencies but its still at a relatively small volume, again being on the PC only, so well know more about it next year as we are getting closer to television access. 
Operator: Are there any further questions? 
Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: No, you can go ahead. 
Operator: Thank you. Well move next to Youssef Squali with Jeffries & Company. 
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: Thank you very much. Barry, I was wondering if you could qualitatively comment on your 08 revenue. I think Q3 were going to see the first sequential decline in revenues and you are guiding for a similar trend in Q4. How are you looking at 08 versus 07? 
Barry McCarthy: I dont have any additional comments to make on 08. We havent begun our planning process yet. I can say I know enough about the business to have concluded that the street forecasts Ive seen look excessively optimistic. We will talk about 08 on our fourth quarter call probably, if we follow last years pattern and not have more to say about it before then. 
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: And then, the trend in your ARPU seems to indicate a pretty aggressive drop. I think in Q2 it was around $15.24 and in Q3 at the midpoint is in the mid $14, and then it drops below $14. Are you baking in another price drop or is it just a mix shift towards lower price plans? 
Barry McCarthy: Just a mix shift as we move towards equilibrium, meaning the mix of new customers becomes the same as or nearly the same as the mix of the installed base. 
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: Okay and my last question for Reed; Reed, I was wondering, why did you decide to settle the patent with BBI if you believe that your patent was strong enough to prevent them from continuing to expand their business, going to hurt you in the short-term, at least? 
Reed Hastings: You know, in any settlement, its because the facts as they appear to both sides indicate that a settlement makes sense, so it made sense to us given the facts present at the time, and presumably it made sense to Blockbuster, so thats why we were able to find mutual ground. Now we are both focused on growing the online rental market as fast as we both can. 
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: Thank you. 
Operator: We move now to Mike Olsen with Piper Jaffray. 
Mike Olsen - Piper Jaffray : I have a couple of questions on the online initiative for download. Basically, it seems like one of the biggest issues for online services is figuring out how to solve this whole last 10 feet problem and that you kind of alluded to it. Can you give us any more flavor as far as how you are looking at this, and what are some of the potential options for you to solve that problem? 
Reed Hastings: Well, you are absolutely right that its one of the biggest issues holding back the entire industry and well come forth with a variety of solutions next year, but its going to be a slow evolution. This Internet to the television isnt going to happen in one or two years, which is why we think online video grows slowly over the next five and 10 years for movies is because of the adoption cycle to get to the television wont be overnight. This is a slow adoption like that, steady over five or 10 years. It very much favors an incumbent such as ourselves that can make the investments and hybridize the program that is putting online video and DVD together. 
Mike Olsen - Piper Jaffray : Okay, that makes sense. And then, just one question, similar; as far as -- right now, I guess, on the competitive front, the focus is on Blockbuster but in download, Apple is probably going to be one of your bigger competitors. Can you just talk about how you feel your position relative to Apple and what would be your thoughts if Apple has a movie rental service on iTunes at some point? 
Reed Hastings: Sure. Today, theres three segments of online video -- theres an advertising supported segment that we think will be quite large, thats led by companies like YouTube and BC.com and a variety of sites, and then theres DVD purchasing, or rather movie purchasing, which is what Apples been focusing on, a $10 to $15 price point. Amazon is in that space and that makes sense as extensions to their businesses. And then theres the third segment around rental that were the clear leader in at this point. And so thats how I see the segmentation.  To the degree you asked does Apple go with a transactional rental, that basically then becomes a reimplementation of cable video on demand and hard to see how and why it gets traction, because its like video on demand except you have to buy an additional box for it but it doesnt offer anything beyond what you get on cable video on demand.  So thats not particularly concerning. Remember, the DVD rental has always competed successfully against DVD sales, video on demand, et cetera. So its a pretty large market, about $40 billion in the U.S., including the theatrical side, so theres a lot of room there for a number of approaches. 
Mike Olsen - Piper Jaffray : Okay, thanks, and then just one question for Barry -- any thoughts on tax rate for the next few quarters? Are we going to stick at 41% or so? 
Barry McCarthy: Yes, cash taxes of course will be less than -- a little less than half of that, but the nominal tax rate will be about 41%. 
Mike Olsen - Piper Jaffray : Okay, thats it for me. Thank you. 
Operator: Tony Wible with Citigroup, your line is open. Please go ahead. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: You guys talked about making some smaller changes to your marketing expenditures. What are you thinking about that on a seasonal basis? Would it still make sense to ramp up marketing a little bit more in peak seasonal time periods? 
Reed Hastings: Sure, the marketing spending will follow seasonality to a degree. That definitely makes sense. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: And I know its still a little early for the high-def format, but what percentage of your discs shipped now are high definition and what does that cost typically run versus the standard definition disc? 
Reed Hastings: Unfortunately, high def is still pretty small for us. I dont know exact numbers, maybe a percent or something. Thats true industry wide. Its relative to the small adoption. Wed like high-def to be a big success. Were doing everything we can, that the studios dual-adopt both formats. We think thats the right solution for the studios to support both formats, get the perception of the war over.  From a cost point of view, postage, handling, all thats identical. Content cost is a little bit higher right now but thats because its so early adopter, so I dont think its going to be any higher once this becomes a mainstream format.  But right now Im going to estimate that it runs maybe 10% higher per unit. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Last question -- have your thoughts on international changed at all in light of the competitive environment in the U.S. heightening and seeing Blockbuster pulling more away from the international environment? 
Reed Hastings: Well, I agree that Blockbuster is pulling away from the international environment but it hasnt changed our perspective on it, and certainly our primary focus is growing the DVD subscriber base and the expansion into online video and those rights for online video are very much country-specific. 
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: We go next to Heath Terry with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead, sir. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Thank you. I was just wondering; you mentioned several times Blockbuster losing money on their offering. Based on the intelligence that you have, can you give us an idea of what you feel like they are losing, either on a per customer basis or on a total basis, and how long just again from your perspective you think they are going to be able to keep that up? 
Barry McCarthy: They have an earnings call Thursday, Heath, and so that will be a timely opportunity to pose that question to them. They dont actually disclose that information so we make an educated, informed guess from the models that we keep of their business that gives us insight into the competitive environment, and weve said consistently this year that in total we expect the online business to lose north of $200 million, paced by subscriber growth. So if they end the year just south of $5 million, it could be as high as $230 million. If they are tracking closer to $4.5 million, it will be less.  I said in my remarks that I thought that, I estimate that the gross margin on their online business, including the cost of the in-store fulfillment for Total Access and less fulfillment costs, which is how we account for our online business, running in the 5% to 10% range, and I think they ran at a negative gross margin in Q1. Theyre making some slight improvements but really there needs to be large structural changes in the value proposition for them to convert that business to a moneymaker. 
Reed Hastings: Heath, we have the information to be able to estimate bottoms-up cost, but from an outside point of view, you can just take their store revenue and apply the gross margin that movie gallery generates. Its been pretty consistent. Its what store rental runs at and from that, you can back into some top-down numbers. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good afternoon. I just want to dig in a little bit and I may have missed a little bit of your comments, Barry, or didnt understand it well enough on gross margin, because you handily beat our estimate there again in the quarter. Im curious about a couple of things. One, I think you mentioned that seasonally, usage was down, which we would expect, but Im wondering also if you are losing, if you can sense whether you are losing high usage customers to Total Access, if thats the dynamic that seems to be playing out, and then also just wondering if maybe you could just review, go over it again, just why you are able to absorb the postal increase and generate the margins that you are. 
Barry McCarthy: Well, the gross margin was more or less in line with our expectations. We continue to make good progress, as we have for many years, in lowering on a per-disc-shipped basis cost for fulfillment and content related costs, which is driven by effective merchandising on the site, which contributes to the long tail.  We also benefited from some slightly lower credit card fees in the quarter. MasterCard revised our rate and those were the primary contributors, plus the seasonal change in usage which we alluded to.  I dont have any particular insight, nor do I think theres a shift thats occurring with respect to high users, frequent users of DVD. I think to the extent that thered been a shift in the installed base away from us and towards the Total Access program that thats already taken place. 
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Terrific. And then another question, if you dont mind, just on the marketing spending decision tradeoff versus the decision to cut prices. It sounds like you saw some nice elasticity or some consumer response to the $13.99 price cuts, or the move to $13.99, I should say, and I assume the same was true at $4.99, yet your guidance would suggest you are not expecting a lot of elasticity in reaction to the price cut today. Is the idea here just strategically to put pressure on Blockbuster throughout the year with this price cut, with a view that maybe you get some relief next year and maybe you might attain an ability to raise price later one? 
Reed Hastings: Its certainly not designed to put pressure on Blockbuster. Theyve got plenty of pressure on them. Its designed to be more attractive to consumers, so the brand and category were very unknown four or five years ago, and so a much heavier investment in marketing was necessary.  If you think from a high level in a big competitive battle where theyre investing heavily in advertising online rental, we are -- we can sort of split the load in terms of the awareness of the category. Theres over 10 million online renters today who are telling their friends about it. There are all these things that says the market, you all need to more compete on value and less on promotion. I think thats the evolution that you are beginning to see, again as the market is now more than 10 million total subscribers.  So our actions are driven by how to grow our business as were going through this competitive storm, because again we and I think our competitor realize that online rental absolutely has the potential to be 20 million in three years and maybe quite a bit bigger beyond that, so were doing the big share jockeying right now. 
Barry McCarthy: I would also add that with respect to elasticity, its helpful to remind yourself that decreasing significantly the marketing spending in order to offset some of the cost of the price decrease, and if we werent doing that and could effectively deploy those monies, you would see a different forecast for sub growth than you are seeing. 
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, okay. That makes sense. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Maurice McKenzie from Signal Hill. Your line is open. 
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: Thank you for taking the question. I just have one -- can you discuss other elements of the competitive environment, such as Red Box and the cable MSOs during the quarter, whether or not those had any impact on overall sub growth? 
Reed Hastings: Well take them separately. Red Box, DVD Play, and the New Release I think are the three companies that are leading the kiosk business with these $1 a day rentals in supermarkets, primarily. From what we can tell, they are coming from a small base but growing nicely. They are all new release focused and will be an increasing pressure on video stores and they are directly competitive with video stores. Not terribly competitive with ours because we are much more catalog oriented but they are still pretty small, so in the background but have good significant potential over the next three years, mostly to negatively impact stores, which of course has a positive effect for us.  And then you mentioned cable, video on demand -- not much changing in that space. Theres a movie or two thats coming day-and-date with DVD but across the year, thats not much of a change. Again, I mentioned that if you sum up Movie Gallerys, Blockbusters and our rental revenue on a domestic basis, that it has actually grown from Q106 to Q107, so despite all those various competitors, consumers are sticking with DVD rental. 
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: Reed, just as a follow-up, are there any alliances that are particularly interesting to you, those that may expand your reach or penetration? 
Reed Hastings: Id say our competitive view is that we should focus forward in online video, so if you see us doing various partnerships, we would be probably more inclined to do that. In the area of which -- were an Internet company, we look forward on these things, rather than trying to go tit-for-tat with Blockbuster on more their core area being store logistics. Today, stores are probably more relevant to most consumers than online video, partially because its only to the laptop. But stores are going to be less relevant every year over the next five years and online video is going to be more relevant every year over the next five years.  We have a great balance sheet. Were investing in online video. Were moving forward and thats the way we look at the world. 
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: Reed, thank you very much. 
Operator: We go now to Jim Friedland with Cowen and Company. 
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: Thanks. First on free cash flow, the guidance you said getting to $350 million in cash by year-end implies that youll have some decent free cash flow in the second-half, so the first question is based on the new strategy, especially looking into 08, it sounds like you think you can continue to operate the business by generating free cash flow. The second question is on the expenses relating to the online video business, Watch Now. You said you would get to 5,000 titles by year-end and in Q2, the tech and dev spending went up pretty significantly sequentially. I know you dont want to give us guidance on stuff like that but as we think about costs going into next year, whats the primary driver in terms of increased expenses? Is it going to be the goal to get to 10,000 movies by year-end and thats going to be the primary driver? Or is it something in tech and dev? And then what specifically in tech and dev is driving that ramp? Thanks. 
Barry McCarthy: The answer to question one, free cash flow positive in 2008 is yes, we think we can operate the business with positive free cash flow.  The answer to the second question related to tech and dev spending is there were some one-time fees which we incurred this quarter and I expect the absolute level of spending to decline as compared with the second quarter in Q3 and Q4. So the apparent ramp in spending from Q1 and Q2 will now be the ramp going forward. 
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: And on the availability of titles for Watch Now, again at 5,000 at year-end, as you look out to 08, is the restriction in getting those titles up to 10,000 a limit that the studios are putting out there because you are getting the titles that are available, or is it more you are just trying to grow it systematically so you dont kill the P&L? 
Reed Hastings: Adding titles doesnt particularly cost us. Its the actual viewing, so the more people watch, the more we owe the studios, which is fair and appropriate. So the big drivers would be if we had 500 really great titles, like weve had seasons of the Office, the U.S. version of The Office, that have been very popular. So those drive up costs but also increase satisfaction.  So our costs again arent related to how much, how successful we are promoting online video and theres only very small costs, things like encoding, some fixed contract stuff, to the per title count. 
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: Okay, thats helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: Well go now to Barton Crockett with JP Morgan. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Great. I wanted to come back with a follow-up. I was wondering, theres been some commentary about a level of price Blockbuster might contemplate if they were to charge more for the in-store feature, particularly I think [Antiocho] said at their annual shareholder meeting that hypothetically, there could be a situation where they could raise the rates $2 for that. Our model is assuming a $3 price hike in the fourth quarter, at least at this point. What is your sense of the impact that would have on the Blockbuster, the interest in their Total Access versus Netflix? Do you think that would be, at that level of price, $2 to $3, where people are maybe taking four to five discs out of a store right now but at $2 to $3 price hike for that, would that help you a lot, or not? I was wondering if you could shed some light on that. 
Reed Hastings: Every dollar makes a difference. $3 makes more of a difference than $2, $5 makes more of a difference than $4, so its pretty continuous. Theres no big inflection points across there and if they choose to do a price increase, that will rebalance the relative share growth to a degree but they may choose not to. I mean, its anybodys guess at this point on how they look at the world.  I think you can see the significance of their commitment in their P&L in the last two quarters because they see that the consumers are voting for online rental and they need to do some catch-up there. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Okay, great. And then also, just on the guidance for the back-half, can you give us a sense -- I mean, the churn was up year to year here in the second quarter. Are you assuming in your guidance that theres a comparable year-to-year growth in churn in the back-half? 
Barry McCarthy: Were assuming that the same seasonal pattern applies as last year, so by way of example in the current quarter, churn was 4.6%, up 20 basis points sequentially and it was up 20 basis points sequentially a year ago. But this year was about 30 basis points higher than it was last year, so we are feeling the effects of competition, like we said we would, and we did anticipate that the effects of competition would diminish slowly over time and thats still our view. Now, well have to see how todays announcement plays itself out in the marketplace in the form of churn. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Okay, great. And then also, the final question here, what did the patent payment that you got from Blockbuster, which line did that fall into on the income statement this quarter? 
Barry McCarthy: That was broken out separately in the release. Im quickly thumbing for the P&L. Bear with me a moment and Ill point you towards it. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Was that in interest in -- oh, here it is in legal settlement. I see it. Okay. 
Barry McCarthy: Yes, and operating expenses, the last line before total operating expenses. 
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you very much. 
Operator: We go now to Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research. 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Good evening. Thanks for taking the call. Three questions, if I might. First, G&A is up around 74% it looks like year on year. Could you talk about where those resources are being focused and is there a potential here to reverse that trend? And then two questions on the online market. Where are you now, if you sort of looked at the online or the Watch Now subscribers, ex the mail component of those service? Where would the gross margins be falling, given usage and what its costing you to deliver both the technology and rev share back to the studio? And then that longer term, where do you see the economics of the digital delivery going? Is it more like rev share and less like DVD acquisition? Can you give me some color on what the economics of an all digital domain might look? Thanks. 
Barry McCarthy: Well, in terms of G&A, the trend is up in part related to some legal spending in the quarter. If litigation diminishes going forward, well see some relief there. We have expanded our investment in content group, which is rolled up in the G&A and theres been some increased investment in systems related to the finance staff. I expect those to be relatively flat on a go-forward basis.  In terms of online Watch Now related stuff, Ill kick that over to Reed. 
Reed Hastings: The costs per movie delivered are less online, as you would imagine. The good part is the studio gets the -- the revenue or the costs instead of splitting between the studio and the post office, so studios are happy with it because it increases their percentage of the pie. Consumers are happy with it because its immediate and because it costs less per movie essentially to deliver.  You asked about the pricing structure and the margin structure in that market and I think the market is just too immature to tell. Pricing is often competitively determined. Its one of the big reason were investing in the DVD subscriber base, because we think the magic combination for leadership and profits is combining DVD rental with online video and getting out of the pure commodity space, so the online video players 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Thanks. 
Operator: Any further questions, Mr. Ernst? 
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: No. 
Operator: Okay, well go now to Brian Pitz, Bank of America Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 
Brian Pitz - Bank of America: Thanks. Can you give us some details on your marketing spending in the quarter, maybe your offline versus online mix, as well as any color on the mix of online spending by type in terms of keyword, CPM, CPA, and then Ive got a quick follow-up. 
Reed Hastings: For competitive reasons, Ill defer. We move between all those categories based upon what we perceive is the relative efficiency of those and the deals that we get, so its fairly fluid and its relatively useful and proprietary knowledge for us. 
Brian Pitz - Bank of America: Okay, and then just a quick one on, you mentioned mail cost in the quarter, up about 2%. First-class mail, we know the postage, I think it was on May 14th, increased. Is the 2% because of the timing of the increase mid-quarter? Can you talk about going forward, how we should think about the increased costs of mail on a full quarter basis? Thanks. 
Barry McCarthy: On a per-disc-shipped basis, its about $0.04, $0.02 each way. We dont actually break out the cost of postage and packaging. I dont have any comments except to say well pick up a full quarters worth in Q3 and we picked up a partial quarter in Q2. 
Brian Pitz - Bank of America: Great, thank you. 
Operator: That concludes todays question-and-answer session. At this time, Id like to turn the program back to Mr. Hastings for any closing remarks. 
Reed Hastings: Thanks, Operator. So everyone, our revised guidance of course is based on the assumption that Blockbuster doesnt change course at all over the foreseeable future. We dont know if that is too conservative or not but we thought it the most prudent assumption. What we can certainly see is that consumers are not turning away from DVD rental but they are definitely switching from store-based rental to online rental and thats apparent to all of the players in the market. So it could be a fairly intense competitive battle here as people play for that big market over the next couple of years.  So with that, I would like to thank you for participating I look forward to talking to you again in the quarter. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for your participation in todays conference call. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-18 08:30:00) =====
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Director, Investor Relations   Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
Analysts: Tony Wible - Citigroup   Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.   Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.   Barton Crockett - JP Morgan   Heath Terry - Credit Suisse   Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel   Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square   Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill   Brian Pitz - Banc of America
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix first quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Deborah Crawford : Thank you and good morning. Welcome to Netflix's first quarter 2007 earnings call. Before turning the call over the Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We released earnings for the first quarter at approximately 5 a.m. Pacific time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call, are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 6:30 a.m. Pacific time today. We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 28, 2007. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Reed.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Reed Hastings : Thank you, Deborah and welcome, everyone. I will start with the issues that are on everyones minds, our performance in the first quarter, our growth and earnings projections for the balance of the year, and the change in our competitive climate. Then, I will provide you with an update on our success in online video. In Q1, we added approximately 500,000 net subscribers, growing from 6.3 million to 6.8 million subscribers, and we delivered $0.14 of EPS. Both were within the guidance ranges that we outlined in January, but in the lower half of those ranges. Our earnings were our highest ever Q1 earnings, and more than double Q1 a year ago. Our churn was pretty much as we expected in Q1, and our incremental losses from Q4 were only five people in 1,000 per month; mostly, the battle is for new subscribers. Clearly, the big change from last year is the emergence of Blockbuster as an aggressive online player enjoying strong subscriber growth. The key for them has been their new online program introduced in Q4, where for every online rental they allow one free store-based rental. For subscribers who live near a Blockbuster store, this can be twice as many DVD rentals as online-only, creating significant operating margin pressures for Blockbuster as their online business grows. Obviously, when you quite literally give away the store, you are going to see both share growth and market growth. Blockbusters share of gross additions has rapidly grown to slightly over half of online DVD rentals, and the overall online business has exploded from about 6 million subscribers one year ago today to approximately 10 million subscribers today. Our thesis that online DVD rental would become very large appears more and more credible. Our thesis that most subscribers would choose Netflix seems more open to question, at least for now. If we thought the proposition of giving away one free store rental for every online rental, while maintaining price parity, was an economically viable proposition, we would be concerned about our long-term leadership and would take appropriate steps. But we are confident Blockbusters online offering is not economically viable at current prices. What makes us confident in this view of Blockbusters economics is that for the last nine years we have been working to make our operations more efficient and our costs lower. In Q1, with nearly 7 million subscribers and over $300 million in quarterly revenue, our operating margin was only 4%. From everything we can observe, Blockbuster is materially less efficient than we are. And then you add in a free store rental for every online rental, and well, you are looking at some serious operating losses. So to us, it is not a question if Blockbuster will raise their online prices, but only when and how much. And when they do, it will reset the competitive calculus as well as increase their profits. If online is going to be as big as we think, there should be room for two profitable firms. Despite the likelihood of a Blockbuster price hike at some point, we of course have no sense of when or how large it might be, so when updating guidance for the year, we have to assume there is no price hike this year. Given that, we are maintaining our EPS guidance for approximately $0.80 for the year, and cutting our ending subscriber guidance to 7.3 million to 7.8 million. If there is a positive change in the pricing environment, we would expect to upwardly revise our subscriber guidance after that. Growing our earnings steadily and letting our marketing investment flow is the strategy we first outlined two years ago, and continue to use today. Our marketing spend will still be aggressive, nearly 20% of revenue, and larger than last year. In the past, we have talked about 50% annual earnings growth and 20 million Netflix subscribers by 2012. To state the obvious, if Blockbuster stays on the tolerate losses for growth model long enough, these earnings growth and subscriber goals would become unattainable. We will have to see how the year plays out before we can offer any thoughtful update on these goals. In the meantime, we are charging forward in our competitive differentiation as the worlds best online rental service. We are continuing to improve our service levels and reduce our costs. Our website and in particular, our movie recommendations, have continued to improve and are getting even more usage by our subscribers. We offer an amazing 75,000 unique DVD titles for rent, and now we offer all subscribers online video included free in their subscription. Turning to the terrific progress weve made in Q1 on our online video efforts, we had thought it would take us six months to get online video fully rolled out to our nearly 7 million members, but we completed the roll out in less than three months. Since launch approximately 90 days ago, we have increased the number of TV shows and movies from 1,000 to over 2,000 and we think we can be at 5,000 by year end. The response to our offering has been very positive, with the New York Times calling it deliciously immediate, incredibly economical and because it introduces movie surfing, impressively convention-shattering. The consumer response has been even more positive, and just during our roll out phase, we have delivered over 1 million movie and TV show streams to our members. Of course, the big opportunity for Netflix online video arrives when we can deliver content to the television without requiring a laptop or a media center PC as an intermediary device. We are working hard with various partners to make this a reality in 2008. To remind everyone, we see three likely segments in online video emerging. One is advertising-supported free content of which YouTube is the leader today; and this segment is akin to free, ad-supported television. The second segment is download digital file ownership, in which Apple is the leader today, and this segment is akin to $15 DVD ownership. The third segment is online subscription viewing, which is akin to video rental and pay television. This is the online segment we are leading. As big and important as online is for movies, for at least the next ten years we think that a hybrid DVD/online subscription service will be the winning offering. We have, for example, 75,000 titles on DVD, and it may take a full decade for all of those to get cleared for online. Plus, there is the window issue where DVD gets great advantages, which is another reason we think a hybrid service is critical for at least the next ten years. We intend to continue to be the leading subscription service, and hybrid DVD online is our key advantage. In summary, building a great business requires a strong team, endurance and good strategy. We have those three, and we remain focused on building a growing, profitable business. Now I will turn the call over to Barry.
 Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin today with several comments about our Q1 performance, and then I will talk about our guidance for Q2 and our revised guidance for the remainder of the year. Lastly, I am going to discuss the stock buyback program we announced today, after which we will open the phones to questions. Operating results for Q1 were somewhat mixed. Ending subscribers of 6.8 million grew 40% year over year, which was strong; but not as strong as we were projecting at the start of the quarter. GAAP net income grew 124% and was the largest Q1 profit in our history, but was not as large as we were projecting at the start of our quarter. For the first time in our 20 quarters of reporting as a public company, we announced quarterly results in the low end of our guidance range for subscribers, revenue, net income and EPS. Our goal is to land at the mid-point of guidance; that has been true since we took the company public in 2002. Given our track record of performance versus guidance, Q1 results were disappointing to us. As I mentioned a moment ago, we ended the first quarter with nearly 6.8 million subscribers. Subscriber growth was limited by the effectiveness of Blockbusters Total Access program. Net subscriber growth is driven by gross subscriber additions and churn. Our gross subscriber additions were up 10% year over year, about 150,000 less than we forecast at the beginning of the quarter, and about 400,000 less than the 1.9 million gross subscriber additions we estimate Blockbuster added with their Total Access program. As Reed mentioned, we believe Blockbuster is growing quickly because Total Access is very aggressively priced. That pricing strategy is driving rapid growth in their share of the online rental business. We heard a lot about Blockbusters sub growth on their Q4 earnings call, but not much about the cost of operating the Total Access program. I expect they will start talking about those costs on their Q1 call, and I expect those costs will imply that the larger Blockbusters online business grows, the more money they will lose at current price points. We believe Blockbuster will have to raise prices to sustain the Total Access program. That belief informs our own competitive strategy and the trade-offs were willing to make between growth and earnings. In the last six months, you heard me say that if forced to choose between earnings and subscriber growth, we would choose earnings. You see those choices reflected in our revised full-year guidance, which Ill talk more about in a moment. Churn was about in line with our expectations in the quarter. On last quarters call, we said we expected a 60 basis point increase in churn in response to Blockbusters Total Access pricing. At 4.4% in Q1, churn was 10 basis points better than we expected. In the current competitive environment, we expect churn to remain elevated on a year-over-year basis for the remainder of the year. As we mentioned in last quarters call, we expect that gap to narrow through the remainder of the year. Q1 net income of $9.9 million fell below the mid-point of guidance for two principal reasons: revenue was shy of expectations and content expenses were somewhat higher than expected for the quarter. The revenue shortfall was related in equal parts to subscriber growth and lower than expected ASP. In terms of key metrics, gross margin of 36.1% was 230 basis points higher than it was a year ago, reflecting a 4% year-over-year growth in revenue per paid disc shipment. This growth in revenue per paid disc shipment is tied to the popularity of our lower-priced plans. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, gross margin declined as expected by 280 basis points, due to a seasonal increase in DVD usage in Q1. Content costs for Internet-delivered video were also expensed to cost of revenue in Q1, which further pressured gross margin. For the quarter, gross margin landed about where we expected. By way of reminder, gross margin will decline again in the second quarter as we absorb the cost of the postal rate increase which becomes effective in May. In Q1, SAC reached an all-time high of approximately $47 even though the year-over-year growth in marketing spending slowed in the quarter as compared with Q3 and Q4 of last year. In past quarters, we have told you to expect an increase in SAC when marketing spending accelerates and a decrease in SAC when marketing spending decelerates. So, I want to explain why that pattern changed this quarter and what it means for the rest of the year. In a slightly over-simplified view of subscriber acquisition, we acquired subscribers in one of two ways: either from a paid advertisement or for free because somebody heard about the service from a friend and decided to join Netflix based on that word-of-mouth recommendation. SAC was up in Q1 because word-of-mouth subscriber growth was weak, and we dont expect this organic growth to strengthen again unless Blockbuster raises prices for Total Access; which means that for the remainder of 2007, we expect higher SAC than we saw a year ago. Before concluding my remarks about Q1 performance, I would like to comment on free cash flow for the quarter, which was negative $18 million, down from a positive $22 million in Q4, and a positive $12 million in Q1 2006. Several factors contributed to the large swing in cash flow in the quarter, including a decline of cash from operating activities as a result of a reduction in the average days payable for accounts payable and accrued expenses; and a reduction in deferred revenue as gift subscription sold in Q4 were redeemed in Q1. In addition, we saw an increase in acquisitions of both our content library including both DVDs and Internet video license fees and fixed assets. For the full year, I expect free cash flow to exceed GAAP net income like it did last year. Todays earnings release includes guidance for Q2 and an update to guidance for the full year. The full year guidance lowers the midpoint of the range for ending subscribers by 8% and lowers the midpoint of the range for revenue by 3%. Our guidance for GAAP net income remains unchanged at $55 million to $60 million. The new lower guidance for subscriber growth and revenue reflects our best assessment of the competitive impact of Blockbusters Total Access program on our growth. Our guidance assumes that Blockbuster holds the line on current pricing through year end. If they raise prices before year end, we would expect to grow faster. For Q2, which is normally a period of seasonally slow growth, we are forecasting gross subscriber additions and subscriber churn to be roughly equally for essentially no net subscriber growth in Q2. With this slower subscriber growth, we expect sequential net income growth of 52% to the midpoint of guidance of $15 million. Earlier in my remarks, I said we valued earnings more than subscriber growth, and I want to explain why. If we could grow subscribers faster by spending more to acquire the marginal new subscriber, we would lose money on each new subscriber, like Blockbuster does with Total Access, which means there is no [inaudible] there in pursuing subscriber growth at the expense of subscriber lifetime value because the bigger your subscriber base grows, the more you lose. So, we are content to grow more slowly, but profitably, while we wait for Blockbuster to rationalize their pricing, at which point we expect our growth to accelerate. Todays earnings release announced a program to buy back $100 million in Netflix stock. We expect to complete that program by year end. At the time of our secondary offering a year ago, we said we plan to accumulate cash to position the company to successfully license digital downloading rights for Internet delivery content. Today, we think that licensing this content will require less upfront cash than we envisioned a year ago, which allows us to put that cash to more productive use. We expect to have about $500 million in cash by year end without the buyback program; and of course, we have no debt. So, $100 million or 20% of projected year end cash is a conservative but meaningful amount of money with which to begin our first-ever stock buyback program. In summary, we have record first quarter profit, but fell about 10% short of our profit expectations for the quarter. Our subscriber growth has slowed and our acquisition costs have increased because Blockbuster is aggressively pricing Total Access. At current pricing levels, we believe Blockbuster loses money on each Total Access subscriber. We dont believe that is sustainable and so we expect them to raise prices. If they raise prices, we expect our growth to accelerate as the subscriber value proposition shifts back in our competitive favor. But until they raise prices, we think the wise course is to grow more slowly, but profitably. That concludes my prepared remarks and now operator, if we could open the phone lines we will take our first question.
Operator: We will take our first question from Tony Wible - Citigroup.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: What are your thoughts are on pricing yourselves, considering that you are alluding to Blockbuster having a difficult time sustaining price levels, is there any thought on changing pricing at Netflix?
Reed Hastings: Its something we always look at. We are constantly testing. It remains one of the various tools that we may use. What I think is more likely to happen is for Blockbuster, they have indicated that they are looking at a price increase, doing some testing on it, and that we have situation where we have two profitable firms growing in the market. I think thats the more likely outcome at this point, but we continue to test and look at the price cut option.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: With your commentary of about getting content to the TV set by 2008 or in 2008, could you provide a little more framework about qualitatively how you are hoping to achieve that?
Reed Hastings: No, I really cant at this point for competitive reasons, mostly. We announced when we started online video that we wanted to get it to every Internet-connected screen over time, from the cell phone to the laptop to the plasma screen in the living room. There are a variety of partnerships that we are working on and we hope to have the right amount of content, the subscriber interest and those relationships in place in 2008.
Operator: Next we will hear from Doug Anmuth  Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Can you talk a little bit about how fragmentation of online ad inventory has altered your marketing spend? if you have been able to do any better in terms of non-premium inventory? Secondly, around digital costs, can you give us a sense for, is at least $40 million for the year, is that number still intact? Is there a way to breakdown the digital spend in 1Q? Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: I will take the digital cost piece of it and Reed will take the question about fragmentation in online advertising. I expect we will be fully spent with respect to the guidance we gave about full-year digital content and related costs, it will be north of $40 million we will fully spend in the quarter. We had at least 100 basis points of ED related costs in round numbers in Q1. I dont think we will break it out beyond that.
Reed Hastings: We havent seen any material changes in online advertising environment in the last three months.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Friedland  Cowen &Co.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: First on the ARPU, it looks like its holding steady. Do you feel like youve reached a steady state in terms of the distribution between the multiple DVD plans? Second question relates to PP&E up in Q1 and tech and dev spending, Im assuming thats all related to the online initiatives in terms of video on demand. Could you talk a little bit about how tech and dev and PP&E might play out over the next couple years as you build out the online product or the download product?
Barry McCarthy: Let me begin with the ARPU piece of the question. I dont think weve reached equilibrium yet Jim, but you are right it didnt move much in the quarter, $0.07 from $15.73 to $15.66, something like that. But I am expecting it to continue to move a little bit by price point amongst new subscribers moves towards the average mix of whats called the installed base. The second question I think related to tech and dev, and youre probably observing that on a percent of revenue basis tech and dev was up slightly; 30 basis points on the quarter and has been moving up since the third quarter. That trend will probably continue as we make additional progress in the Internet delivered video content area. Although, we are keeping an eye on the bottom line and of course trying to find the right level of spending relative to profit in the business so that we maintain the overall profit integrity of the business as we try to scale out the Internet video opportunity. And then with respect to PP&E we did have some frontloaded costs associated with bringing data centers online to support the distribution of content, so I dont think that will scale at quite the same rate on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Next, well hear from Youssef Squali  Jefferies & Co.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you very much. Good morning. A couple of questions, you spent about $69 million in acquisition of a DVD library; thats about 50% more than what you spent last year. Your revenues year-on-year up 36%, is the delta there primarily due to your increased spend on the digital download? If not, are we seeing any kind of scale in just the pure DVD library spend versus the core business?
Barry McCarthy: Right. We spent $68 million versus $30 million Q1 on a year-over-year basis and as a percent of revenue which is a metric we sometimes use as a framework for overall spending, we were about 22% versus 13%.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: In Q1 of last year was it $30 million or $45 million?
Barry McCarthy: It was roughly $30 million. Consistent with my comments on last quarters call, there has been a shift in the mix of DVD purchasing from rev share towards purchased, and you see that reflected in the DVD purchasing mix, and thats primarily the overall driver. Notwithstanding the mix change, we have been able to expand the gross margin and on a year-over-year basis seen reductions in content cost -- lets say on a per disc shipped basis. So we like the way the economics are playing out for the business, it has changed slightly the cash flow attributes, but we have been able to utilize the content that we have purchased effectively and expand margins.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Whats baked into your 07 guidance in terms of gross margin and churn?
Barry McCarthy: Well, we dont guide to either, as you know.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Basically you are talking about Q2 seeing, I think you just said a slight decline in gross margins, driven by the postal increase, so is it fair to assume that Q2 should be a low water mark?
Barry McCarthy: Again, we dont guide.
Operator: Your next question comes from Barton Crockett - JP Morgan.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Barry, I wanted to ask you a question about Blockbuster Online, which seems to be very key to your outlook for the year. You have in the past kind of forecasted what you think their online business is losing --
Barry McCarthy: Much to their chagrin.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Yes, much to their chagrin. I was wondering if you can update us on what your thinking is there now if they dont raise rates and maybe just some sense of what the key assumptions are there and the level of certainty on those assumptions? That will be one question. The other question would be the $40 million investment this year on online video, can you tell us how much of that showed up in the first quarter and where it hit in terms of the expense lines? As we look to 08, should we assume that $40 million number goes up as you ramp up the DirecTV initiative? Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: Lets begin with giving an answer to the Blockbuster question. I want to try to keep the Netflix call  notwithstanding the fact that we have emphasized the importance of Blockbusters overall pricing strategy, they have an upcoming call on May 2 and I am sure they will shed light on the success of their model. Our internal forecast for their online business has them growing slightly faster than we had them growing a quarter ago. Because of the pressure on margins created by subscriber growth, we now project them to be losing more money than we were projecting on last quarters call when I said I thought they would lose something in the neighborhood of $150 million to $200 million this calendar year. I think the losses will be north of $200 million. So the faster they grow the more money, thats the good news and the bad news at current pricing levels. We think. Now, how accurate is our insight about their business? Depends entirely on how accurate our assumptions are in two dimensions. One relates to usage under the Total Access program, both online and in store. Secondly, how much ancillary revenue, if any, is being generated by online subscribers who travel to the stores to exchange DVDs. We think the answer to the second question is not much. I think Blockbuster is forecasting something like three bucks. With respect to usage, I think the good news and the bad news is that Total Access customers really like the service, based on our research and use it a lot. A lot of the business model is where I think real economic pressure is created. On Blockbusters website, they say they are offering $42 in value at a $18 cost. Well thats great for subscribers and bad for shareholders. Now with respect to our ED content costs, I am going to frustrate you and say we are not going to break out on a quarterly basis how much we are actually spending on ED. We will say that ED-related costs showed up for the first time in the cost of revenues as we have launched the service across the entire subscriber base. There are some components of costs that are showing up in tech and dev as well. In general, there are three categories of cost. One is content, thats the largest bucket. Those costs are showing up in cost of revenues in the P&L. The second bucket is all the encoding-related costs, creating the digital files; and then thirdly there is a bunch of engineering work to support the current embodiment of the product and the future embodiment of the product that we are not pre-announcing and not yet willing to talk about publicly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Not to draw this back into the Blockbuster conversation, but when you look at what they are spending when you are making your assumptions around the cost associated with their business, is there a timeline that you can put on them reaching the breaking point and raising prices, or what you feel like, at least the way you are modeling your guidance is the timeline around that?
Barry McCarthy: That will be a great question for them on their call. We are assuming that they stay the course this year.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: When you look at the increasing subscriber acquisition cost, to what extent is that your advertising becoming less effective in the presence of the massive spend on the part of Blockbuster versus the cost of advertising units going higher?
Reed Hastings: Heath, its almost all the former of the competitive impact.
Barry McCarthy: I would say its also to reiterate my remarks about SAC, its about the mix of folks who come in for free and the folks you pay to acquire.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel: Reed, I was wondering if you could give us your perspective on the HBO Universal renewal of their output deal? Im wondering if you had a chance to discuss that possibility of getting involved with Universal and what that might mean going forward in terms of your electronic distribution rights, subscription rights? Barry, I think you mentioned you thought youd have $500 million of cash by the end of the year without the buyback. Im curious, that would imply about $100 million of free cash over the next three quarters. Did I interpret that correctly? Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: I will deal with the cash piece and Reed will answer. I said roughly $500 million; I didnt mean to imply specifically that it would be $100 million. Gordon, I was just rounding up.
Reed Hastings: For those of you on the call who dont follow the pay television market that closely, last week HBO and Universal announced an extension of their business relationship from 2011 to 2016, involving exclusive access for Universal films with HBO. So its a continuation of the pay television exclusive window system. There is always a chance, Gordon, that we find a way to work with Universal and HBO in a way that makes us all more money. But at this point, they are focused on their businesses, and of course, HBO is quite a large business, can put a lot of money upfront. This whole exclusive rights issue is one of the many things that prevents online video from being as big as it might otherwise be, and extends the life and importance of DVD in this medium, because the rights are all chopped up in these pockets. In this example, its a pocket of Universal Pictures content thats now licensed exclusively for the next ten years until 2016. So again, these are all the things that continue to keep DVDs such an important part of the overall movie ecosystem.
Operator: Next we will hear from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square: One, can you share with us all color on the gross margin differential of delivering the digital version versus delivering the physical movie, taking aside the one-time cost, I assume, that digitizing a single movie and getting that up and running, but the ongoing cost? Secondly, more broadly speaking on competition and your positioning in the digital domain, there are a lot of different people trying this from yourselves to Apple to Amazon and Sony has got an Internet TV; they are talking about Xbox, maybe all those are partners for you. The interesting thing about your business today is that you standalone, you dont necessarily need those partners to deliver a movie for you. Youve got the post office, they are completely indiscriminate. In the digital world, there are a lot of bigger players that want a piece of this pie. Where do you think you differentiate yourselves in that digital world longer term? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: You asked about gross margin, what well find is delivery will cost much less than it does over postal. Content will cost more, partially because of all those different players trying to get into the space and bidding up content costs. So youll see some trade-offs there with content cost increasing and delivery cost shrinking. In terms of the long-term competitive structure, again Ill bring it back to my comments on the different segments of the market. While Apple is a very strong player, they are focused on this digital file ownership model, which makes a lot of sense given that that has been so successful for them in music; its the next extension of the iPod. They have great advantages in that. Then there is the ad-supported market, which will probably be the largest of the three segments. Obviously, YouTube is out there in front, Yahoo and lot of others are coming after that. The content providers themselves like nbc.com and espn.com own a piece of that. So I think youll see a huge market there. Then there is the subscription and video rental and pay TV segment, which where we are focused on. For now, there is not that much focus on that segment by the other players, and we are clearly the leader. Its going to be up to us to continue to build and differentiate. Your second question or aspect of it was about all these big companies not having uniform access like the post office, and our fundamental view with the Internet, it is going to get to the television in an open manner. If it turns out that the only way to get to the television is to go through someones pipe that has an exclusive access, well of course they are going to tax everybody severely and that wouldnt generate a very open or profitable market. We think thats not likely to happen, we think that the traditions and the technology underlying the Internet is going to mean that there is broad amounts of bandwidth to televisions in America over the next ten years and that it is going to be pretty open access, which leads to a lot of great possibilities for independent services such as Netflix.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square: You brought the idea of access to the pipe, obviously cable TV operators truly want to sell video-on-demand and subscription video, and they have invested billions in putting together the pipe that gets you there. So, are we talking about this as a regulatory issue that you assume you will be able to have open access through that pipe? I think I would compare that to the experience of competitive telecoms, using someone elses pipe to give their differentiated service to customers?
Reed Hastings: We do think it will be open access, thats what has been historically; that is what it is today. Economically, remember, that when various people sell Internet access such as cable companies, they are charging $20 to $40 a month and they have no content fees associated with that. Selling Internet access -- especially big bandwidth Internet access -- is a great business for those companies also. We look at and say theyll make a lot of money and their customers want content not just from Netflix, they want content from YouTube and 100 other video sources also and this open architecture is part of why we were able to deliver over a million streams of entertainment content to our subscribers just during our roll out period where we only had partial availability. So, I think well see just a great traction on that option over the next coming years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill.
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: A couple of questions. The first relates to your facility automation plant. Can you just give us an update on where you are, what percentage of plant has been automated? If there was any spending in the CapEx line this quarter and then also, the potential margin benefit going forward? The second question is really on the Watch Now program and it relates to utilization. What percentage of your subscriber base had access in the first quarter and what their overall utilization of their available hours look like?
Barry McCarthy: Sure. On the automation it is not a one shot; a distribution center is not automated and then it becomes automated. There are various steps, a dozen or so that our distribution centers go through and it is automating one step at a time and rolling those out. So, it is much more continuous and steady. Yes, there was automation spending both in Q4 and in Q1, as part of PP&E.
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: The third part of that is, from the ongoing improvements and facility automation, what margin impact do you think that could have in future years? What is the return on this current investment?
Barry McCarthy: Fairly modest. Weve been reducing our costs substantially over the last couple of years. So, there is not a lot of low hanging fruit there. If we are able to offset the postal increases to come down the pipe, we feel great, so nothing dramatic there. You asked about online video, a percent of the subs. All of our subs have access to online video; over the quarter it was gradually rolled out. So maybe call it a kind of weighted average of a third or half of the subs at any point in time.
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: Utilization among those subs of the available hours that they had?
Barry McCarthy: It is kind of early to give any color on that, specifically. We are still learning a lot as we grow the content, but everything feels good about the approach that weve taken. All the key points of what we are doing have been validated. Of course, the big opportunity comes as we can deliver directly to the television.
Operator: Your final question comes from Brian Pitz - Banc of America.
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Any update on the endeavors to improve your recommendation engine? Secondly, we know of some of your recent announcements with respect to a potential evolving relationship with Microsoft, including Silverlight video player technology. Can you comment on longer term potential plans on how your relationship may grow with Microsoft, especially in the context of a more competitive environment with Blockbuster, Apple, Time Warner, Wal-Mart and others?
Reed Hastings: On the Microsoft front and maybe you ask because Mike got appointed to the Board of Directors on Microsoft. But those are two very disconnected things that dont have anything to do with the Silverlight aspect. It looks to be great technology and our guys are doing some stuff with them and that is great, but I wouldnt view it as the key to our future, in some way. They are a great partner, but it is not at the core of what we do. They are playing in the platform at a very different space than we do.
Brian Pitz - Banc of America: Any updates on the recommendation engine?
Reed Hastings: Steady progress. Weve got our Netflix prize contest out there that weve continued to see every month, more and more progress towards someone winning the Grand Prize. The current leader is a Hungarian mathematician and weve got contestants in 124 countries that are trying to win the prize and to improve the algorithms. So, we are waiting until someone wins the Grand Prize, and then we will see about incorporating all of those improvements.
Operator: Due to time restraints, we will no longer be able to continue with Q&A. At this time for closing remarks, Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Reed Hastings. Please go ahead.
Reed Hastings: Well, thank you everyone. To close, I will just reflect on something that I said in the beginning of the call, which is whats really astounding is the total growth in this market. Four quarters ago, we were about 4.8, Blockbuster about 1.2 for 6 million total subscribers. In just one year, weve gone as a total market from 6 million to 10 million subscribers. There are not many markets that grow at that speed, at that size. I think everyone should feel very good about total online rental subscriber base. We look forward to giving you an update next quarter.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-24 16:30:00) =====
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Director, Investor Relations   Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
Analysts: Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company   Barton Crockett - JP Morgan   Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company   Heath Terry - Credit Suisse   Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray   Tony Wible - Citigroup   Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald   Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners   Brian Pitz - Bank of America   Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners   Charlie Wolf - Needham & Company   Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill   Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's fourth quarter 2006 earnings call. Before turning the call over the Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, Ill dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We released earnings for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call, are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 5:30 p.m. Pacific time today. We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on March 16, 2006. Now, over to Reed.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah, and welcome, everyone. Netflix had a great fourth quarter. We had our highest pre-tax Q4 profits ever, our highest Q4 net additions ever, and our all-time lowest churn. Once again, we were independently recognized for having the highest customer satisfaction in the entire e-commerce world, edging out such great companies as Apple and Amazon. In the digitally obsessed San Francisco Bay area, our household penetration climbed to 15.7% of households subscribing to Netflix, and it seems likely well be over 18% by the end of 2007. The Bay area is important in two ways: it was our initial market, and with the subsequent markets tracking the growth trajectory of the Bay area, it is a leading indicator of the potential market size nationwide. Second, the Bay area has Comcast VOD in many homes, iPods and laptops outnumber television, and it is Tivo heaven. In short, the Bay area is the most competitive entertainment delivery region in America, and Netflix's extraordinary and growing success here indicates just how much consumers continue to prefer the simplicity and selection of Netflix for movies. Not only was Q4 very strong for us, but 2006 as a whole was a remarkable year. We grew from 4.2 million to 6.3 million subscribers, and grew our pre-tax profit from $8 million to $80 million. 2007 looks like another solid year for us, with our guidance of 8 million to 8.4 million subscribers, and EPS of $0.77 to $0.83. As weve said many times before, our scale now allows us to generate both growth and profits. Moreover, in 2007, our scale allows us to generate both growth and profits and to inject at least $40 million in our online video efforts. One of the consequences of all this growth is that it has become clearer to all that online DVD rental is the future, and Blockbuster has refocused on this area. Their new program allows nearly unlimited free store rentals, whereas their prior program only allowed weekly free store rentals. The economics of so many free store rentals are certainly open to question, but their commitment to online rental is not. For perspective, two years ago Blockbuster also aggressively marketed their service, cutting their $18 price to $15 and blanketing the television networks with advertising in order to gain share. The first quarter of this effort in 2005 gave us a modest headwind, bumping up our churn by about six people in a thousand, and ticking down our net additions from the year prior. We expect a similar headwind this quarter, as our competitor spends aggressively on TV and online. In 2005, this headwind subsided in Q2 despite their continued $15 price, because they had already captured in Q1 the few consumers most likely to switch. Similar to 2005, we expect the headwind effect this year to be less in Q2 than it is in Q1. Why do most subscribers stay with Netflix, despite the competition? Because our website and our operational excellence are extraordinary, and being consistently great matters to consumers. Blockbuster recently said their churn for new subscribers is more than 20%. Our is under 10%. That is operational excellence and an award-winning website in action. We invented this category. Its all we do and we do it better than anyone on the planet, which leads us to our competitive strategy over the coming year. Our plan is to continue to make the best online service even better. Well be operating over 50 distribution centers by the end of this year. We will expand our trucking network to 50 additional central post offices. Together, this will extend our reach to over 100 mail entry points, providing over 95% of our subscribers with overnight delivery. Were deploying this year an entire new class of inventory management software, which builds on our experience over the last eight years and will improve service levels while reducing costs. In addition, we continue to improve our website by helping consumers find lots of movies they are likely to love. We think we can extend our advantages in customer satisfaction and lower costs by focusing on our core business and doing it better every quarter. As part of this focusing effort, we are phasing out online banner advertising on our website. Well keep our mailer advertising but we want to make every pixel on our website work for us in terms of customer satisfaction. America is fast becoming a nation of online renters. Netflix and Blockbuster combined now have over 8.5 million subscribers, and the space seems likely to grow to over 12 million subscribers this year. Together, the two companies are growing online DVD rental faster than either could on its own. While 12 million subscribers in 07 may seem large, in comparison, there are over 60 million pay television households, and if all DVD rental subscribers moved online at a $15 average monthly price, that would be about 45 million subscribers, so there is plenty of room for growth in online rental, as video stores continue to shrink and close. While the online DVD rental business continues to grow at astounding rates, weve already begun our efforts to broaden our model to include online video distribution and are very proud of our initial offering. When we asked our subscribers about our DVD service, they say they love the pricing, they love the selection -- they just wish they also had the option of instant viewing. So our focus is all about instant, real-time delivery of video content. Our instant watching feature is as easy to use as YouTube, but with full DVD video quality. Delivering real-time DVD quality video is quite demanding, so we have our own servers spread around the country and are doing a phased rollout of our service over the next six months to ensure a quality experience. Our key advantage in online video is our massive DVD rental subscriber base, so of course we want to link these programs as seamlessly as possible. Our typical $18 per month subscriber will get 18 hours of online, instant movie viewing included at no extra charge in their membership. That is enough for about nine movies, or 20-plus TV shows, or any mix. Our belief is that over the coming years, as our online video is used by our subscribers more and more, they will watch fewer DVDs and well be able to approximately maintain our gross margin model. We fully recognize there are two shortcomings to our current online video offerings -- selection and TV screen access. Were working on both of them, and over the coming quarters and years, we will make substantial progress. In the meantime, online DVD rental will make the most sense for most movie fans. Online video has huge potential in the long-term. In our view, in 20 years, you wont click through 80 or 500 channels that a cable or satellite company has pre-selected for you. Instead, youll have a million or more sources of online video to enjoy on a TV screen that is huge and cheap. With a web user interface that is as improved from todays as todays is from DOS 20 years ago. The possibilities in this space for Netflix are vast. Today thought, the online video business is still embryonic and not well-understood. If you think of shipping, you immediately understand sea, air and land as different segments that compete only on the margin. Similarly, DVD rental, DVD sales, and ad-supported TV content are three big, fairly distinct segments in the video market today. In the online video world, we expect there to also be three large segments. Ad-supported online video, led by YouTube, Yahoo!, NBC, and others will be one segment. Digital purchase of video files, led by Apple, Wal-Mart, and Amazon, will be another big segment of online video. Digital rental of video content will be the third distinct segment, led we think by Netflix. Why Netflix and not others? Because we have the advantage over other companies of a large online DVD rental subscriber base, with which we can bundle digital rental. If a consumer is into the Internet and movies, they are or will be an online DVD rental subscriber first. By bundling digital rental with DVD rental, we think digital rental will be led by the leader in online DVD rental, Netflix. To summarize, the $8 billion DVD rental business is moving online, and approximately 20% of the DVD rental spending has already moved online. Next, online DVD rental will evolve through bundling into full online video. Netflix is leading both transformations, which will take ten to 20 years to complete. In the near-term, in 2007, we expect to be over 8 million subscribers, to deliver about $0.80 EPS, and to be leading the digital rental segment of the online video space. Thanks for listening, and now Ill turn it over to Barry.
Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed, and good afternoon, everyone. This time last year, we announced three financial goals for 2006. These goals included ending subscribers of at least 5.9 million, revenue of at least 960 million, and pre-tax income of $50 million to $60 million. Against the backdrop of our 2005 performance, all three were challenging goals for 2006 -- 40% growth in subscribers, 41% growth in revenue, and 563% in pre-tax income. A year ago, CES was abuzz with development in Internet video delivery. Investors were concerned about the size of the online DVD rental business and the platform risk posed by online delivery. Its fair to say we had our share of challenges and skeptics. Now, fast-forward 12 months to todays earnings call. In some respects, the world is a very similar place. CES was buzzing again this year, with news of Internet video delivery. Investors still question the size of the online DVD rental business. Internet video delivery is seen as a fundamental long-term threat, and we still have our fair share of skeptics who doubt the sustainability of our business model. Despite the similarities between this year and last year, Netflix has made significant progress in the past 12 months. For one thing, we beat all the financial goals we set for the business last year. We beat the sub goal by 400,000, the revenue goal by $37 million, and the pre-tax income goal by $25 million, or 46%. And we did this with a fast-growing competitor, which strongly suggests to me that online DVD rental still has plenty of growth potential. Additionally, after talking with investors about online video delivery for more than a year, last week we launched our instant watching initiative, which incorporates streaming as one of the delivery options for enjoying Netflix content. As a result of these achievements, the rapid growth in our subscribers, the increased profitability of our business, and the recent launch of our instant watching feature, were better positioned today to achieve our long-term strategic objective than we were one year ago. Last year, you heard me say that most people, Reed and me included, accept the premise that Internet video delivery will become an important business. The question is when and for whom. From our perspective, online video delivery presents challenges, and enormous growth opportunities for our business. On the opportunities side of the equation, for us the path to market leadership begins with our ability to grow a large and profitable DVD subscription business even larger and to transition these subscribers to online video delivery as part of their Netflix subscription offering. Thats one of the reasons we continue to invest in growing our subscription DVD business rapidly. The other reason to invest, which I discussed at our investor day in September of 2005, is that large scale and dominant market share ensure a sustainable, competitive advantage for us. We begin with the understanding that online video is just another way to deliver content, an alternative to the mail or the local video store, or to cable or satellite delivery. Participants in the market will get the technology. Good technology is just the price of entry. The winners will be the companies that also provide the best content and the best consumer experience, and thats what we do best. Last year on this call, I told you we believe that delivering the best consumer experience helped make us the leader in online DVD rental and will make us the clear leader in the world of online video rental content. Thats still our view today. Now I would like to comment on our Q4 results and our 07 guidance. I would also like to say a word about competition. Financial results for Q4 were strong, with revenue and net income at or above the high end of guidance, and with free cash flow just north of $22 million again this quarter. As a footnote, let me remind you that in Q4 last year, we enjoyed a $35 million, one-time tax-related benefit that skews the GAAP net income comparison year over year. Three key metrics contributed to our strong results last quarter. First, gross margin was up again in Q4, reaching 38.9%, an all-time high watermark, seen only once before when our three out plan was priced at $22. The primary contributor to the stronger gross margin was a seasonal decrease in disc shipments, which I spoke with you about on last quarters earnings call. Second, as Reed already mentioned, churn hit an all-time high -- excuse me, an all-time low of 3.9%. The principal contributor to the reduction in churn was the aging of the Netflix subscriber base and the popularity of our lower-priced subscription plans, which have a lower churn then our core three out program. Ill have more to say about our Q1 expectations for churn when I talk about guidance in a moment. Lastly, SAC declined about $1 in Q4 to $44.31. The decline was expected, paced by the slowdown in year-over-year growth in marketing spending, from 77% in Q3 to 39% in Q4. In previous quarters, we said that SAC and the year-over-year percentage change in marketing spending typically move up and down together. We saw that relationship play out last quarter. On the Q3 earnings call, we said we didnt see opportunities to increase our already large planned marketing expenditures during the fourth quarter. Because the business out-performed our forecast expectations in Q4, and because we werent able to redeploy those profits to accelerate our subscriber growth within the marginal SAC constraints of our economic model, the out-performance fell to the bottom line as incremental profit, and we beat the high-end of earnings guidance. Lets turn now to guidance for 2007. Todays earnings release reaffirmed our guidance of $55 million to $60 million in full-year net income, and $0.76 to $0.83 in EPS, and we introduced our ending subscriber guidance of 8 million to 8.4 million. The release also presented our Q1 guidance of $9 million to $13 million in net income, and ending subscribers of 6.7 million to 7 million, on revenue of $304 million to $310 million. Our guidance includes more than $40 million of online video delivery expenses in 2007. This spending has three basic components: We have no plans to break out the components of spending. With last weeks launch of our instant watching feature, content spending will increase as a percent of revenue and gross margin will decline on a year-over-year basis in 2007. In addition, were forecasting a postal rate increase for first-class mail of $0.03 beginning in May of this year. Thats around $0.06 per roundtrip shipment. This increase, if implemented by the post office, will also lower gross margins this year. Reed already commented on competition, and I want to put his remarks in context with our guidance. Were assuming Blockbuster continues to aggressively market their total access program in Q1 and for the remainder of the year. Their goal is to reach 4 million subs by year-end. We think this means that operating losses for Blockbusters online rental service reached $150 million to $200 million this year before they absorb the costs of launching an online video service, and excluding any impact that free in-store rentals have on their base store business. But, if Blockbuster scaled back their marketing spending or increases their pricing to reduce their operating losses, our churn should improve on the order of 20 to 60 basis points, if our experience from two years ago holds true today, and we should see our subscriber growth accelerate. In closing, Id like to summarize my remarks this way: Id like to thank our employees for a great 2006, and Id like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. Weve come a long way together and the future looks bright. That concludes my prepared remarks, and now well open the phones to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take our first question from Youssef Squali with Jeffries & Company.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: Thanks a lot. A couple of quick questions. Your subscriber guidance implies about 1.9 million net adds for the year, down from about 2.14 in 06. Historically youve talked about a 20 million subscriber goal in the 2010-2012. Ive noticed that you have not talked about it. Are you backing away from that goal at this point? If not, to get there, you certainly need reacceleration. I was wondering if you could share with us, what do you think is going to cause that? Secondarily, I was wondering if you could comment on the unit economics of the instant serving product. I know youre not going to go into too much detail, but is the unit economic cost of that service similar to your DVD business?
Reed Hastings: Ill take the first one, on sub guidance. No, theres no change in our belief on 20 million subscribers in the 2010-2012 timeframe. Theres a lot of time between now and then and were focused on growing the business, including the online video side, and extending our competitive advantage. As to the costs, Ill turn it over to Barry.
Barry McCarthy: It remains to be seen, is the short answer. It depends a lot on the usage attributes of the program. Well learn more about that over time. As you know, the service is part of the basis subscription offering, so from a user perspective, I suppose you could say it looks like a price discount. The question is what happens to usage, as I mentioned, and subscriber growth and churn, which will round out for us the economic value equation, and well talk more about that over time.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: But does content there also follow the buy flash web share possibility that you have in the traditional DVD business?
Barry McCarthy: It varies quite a bit. Some contracts have up-front payments, some have a variable pay component, and some have a combination of both, and in that sense look similar to the content deals we have on the DVD side of the business.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Barton Crockett with JP Morgan.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Great, thank you for taking the question and first thing I wanted to do was congratulate you on a good quarter. There were some things out there I think that made me and others a bit nervous coming into this, from the warm weather to the competition to a little bit of light Internet traffic to the website, based on third party data. You guys navigated all of that quite well. I wanted to ask you a question about the spending on the online downloading in 2007. You indicated that a portion of that is going to affect gross margins. You guys have talked about a $40 million incremental spend. Could you give us some sense of how much of that $40 million incremental goes into the cost of goods and how much is also on the income statement? Additionally, on top of that, is there a meaningful number that we should think about in terms of capitalized spending thats not expensed that would be hitting in the cap-ex and the free cash flow? That would be one question. The second thing is, I was just hoping you could kind of recap what you were saying about the sequential change in churn from the fourth quarter to the first quarter with Blockbuster to the second quarter. Im just not quite sure I fully captured all the numbers that you were putting out there and what the impact is, so if you could go over that again, Id appreciate it. Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Ill let you do the first one, Barry. Ill do the second one.
Barry McCarthy: The question relates to spending on the Watch Now features and geography of expenses, and capitalization. I think that a simple way to think about it is that most of the expenses will find their way into cost of revenue. And to the extent possible, we will expense as much as we can and capitalize as little as we can, still complying with FASB, but in order to adopt as conservative an approach from an accounting perspective as we reasonably can. In any event, the $40 million that I described is more than $40 million as a P&L number.
Reed Hastings: Then, on the churn, I was pointing out that in 2005, when Blockbuster cut their price from 18 to 15, December 22nd or 23rd of the prior year, so its a reasonably good comparison period. What we saw there is churn bumping up about 60 basis points, or six people in a thousand, from Q4 of 2004 to Q1 of 2005. And then Blockbuster kept their $15 price into Q2, but we saw a recovery in churn and a recovery to positive year-over-year comps and net adds by the second quarter. Again, thats because the new programs like Blockbusters new program have their biggest effect up front. In Q1, the few subscribers that are enticed to switch do so, and thats mostly done by the time we get into Q2. So thats where the lesser effect in Q2 comes from. Does that answer your question?
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Yes, that helps. I appreciate that.
Barry McCarthy: To add one additional dimension to Reeds answer about churn, two drivers really coming into Q1: the effect that Reed mentioned, related to competition, meaning Blockbuster competing for subscriber growth now really for the first time outside of the stores in Q4, with an in-store sign up, Q1 is out-of-store sign-up, we think. Secondly, theres a seasonal aspect of churn in Q1. Youll recall that much of the Q4 new subscriber additions happened late in the quarter. A large percentage of folks are still in a free trial period. They make a decision about whether to extend the service or not early in the first quarter, and youve got growth in Q1 that begins in Q1. Folks rolling off of their free trial period in Q1. So what weve seen historically is a slight up-tick in churn in Q1 as seasonal trend, absent competition. We expect that to be present in Q1 and we also expect there to be small increase associated with the new competitive presence in the market.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: If I could just follow-up with one other thing on the competitive presence, could you give us a sense of the Blockbuster, what portion of your subscribers are Blockbuster members, the people that youre adding, the new subscribers that youre adding? Is that a big part of the target market that you are pulling into Netflix, or is that a small part of it?
Reed Hastings: Most people in America have rented from Blockbuster at some point in time, so I think it would really depend on how you define it, but I dont have any precise data on that. Its not one of the things that we track.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Okay. All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Douglas Anmuth with Lehman Brothers.
Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. I have two questions. The first one, Barry, you mentioned in terms of talking about Q4 marketing, how you didnt reinvest as much in the quarter perhaps as you have in other quarters. I am just wondering if you could provide a little bit more than in terms of color on what you saw in the market. Was that related directly to the competition? My understanding is that Blockbuster did not spend that much in terms of marketing dollars in 4Q. Its also at a time that I would think that maybe you would actually look to reinvest more to maybe get ahead of some of their aggressive spend in 1Q, unless you just thought it would be wasting money. Then, the second question is regarding the lower-end plans. I think you made a comment that made me think that some of the lower-end plans had gained a little bit more traction. Is that still in the $10 and $12 plans, or is that actually down to the $5.99? And now, whats the thinking in terms of going to the $4.99 plan? Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: Let me begin by addressing the marketing spending, and taking us back in time to the Q2 earnings call, when I found myself in the unusual position of having to explain why we had so much profit and why we hadnt reinvested it. We said on that call, and again in Q3, that our plan, that we had significantly increased our marketing spending versus our earlier expectations for the year. On the Q3 call, about Q4 I said weve already increased our planned spending quite a bit and it doesnt look like were going to be able to deploy much more incremental spending at the margin. So if the business is more profitable during the quarter, probably that money will fall to the bottom line and well beat the high-end of earnings guidance. That is in fact what happened. Now, there is a discipline internally which looks at the marginal acquisition costs of a new subscriber and compares it with an analysis of their lifetime value, which varies by price point. In theory, we should be willing to spend until marginal cost equals marginal revenue. We dont actually go that high. So in periods of time when additional money drops to the bottom line and were not able to redeploy it for additional growth once weve met our earnings commitment to the street, as a general rule, its because the marginal cost of acquisition is more than were willing to spend. Or its because we didnt figure out soon enough in the quarter that we would have that money available and theres too much lead time for network TV or radio or direct mail or whatever channel it is that the marketing group decides is cost-effective for the incremental spend. About the lower-end plans, Reed will comment on strategically how we think about lowering prices, but before he does, I just want to comment on all the hand-wringing around the price testing weve been doing on $4.99. In terms of total revenue, the $4.99 subs are completely inconsequential to the business model. So it signals absolutely nothing about future trends in prices or subscriber mix or overarching strategy. Reed, perhaps you could comment on the strategic view.
Reed Hastings: Sure. Were always looking to find ways to lower price, as long as it increases profit and growth. So were often testing the elasticity of the market. The lower the prices are, the bigger the competitive motive. Weve had great experience with that to date, and again within the framework of finding ways with lower prices to get larger profits and larger subscriber base.
Operator: Well take our next question from Jim Friedland with Cowen and Company.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: Thanks. To follow-up on that ARPU question, given that you launched the $5.99 price, or at least made it more commercial, call it Q2 of last year, at some point, do you think you anniversary that low-end and the ARPU stops declining, as we look at our models longer term? Then, the second question is what effective tax rate should we be using for 07? Thanks.
Barry McCarthy: The second part of the question is probably 40%. The first part of the question is, even in a perfect world, wed continue to drop prices forever, and you should be glad if we do. It passes prologue, because each time weve dropped price, weve grown faster, margins have expanded, and weve been more profitable. It might be worth to you, along those lines, if you look at gross profit per subscriber per month, as opposed to ASP, you get a pretty impressive picture of stability.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: In terms of where the new subscribers are coming on, last quarter I think you said that the majority of gross adds are still going for the three DVD plan. Was that the same in Q4?
Barry McCarthy: You know, as the competition has increased here, were going to be a little more cautious on how much information we give our competitors on plan breakout, so were going to not really comment on plan breakout. Obviously the ASP is out there, but the best mix to get there, were going to keep to ourselves.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: Okay then, one last question: when you went through the last round of Blockbuster competition a couple of years ago and you saw that increase in churn, what was the quality of the customer base? Did it exactly reflect the Netflix base, or did you see your higher usage customers jump? Basically, Im asking are your higher usage, lower profitable customers the ones that were going to lose here, or is it not going to really show up?
Barry McCarthy: I dont think there will be any material skew in that. The number of additional cancels being at six people in a 1,000 are pretty small, so its not really going to make any difference what type they are to the economics.
Jim Friedland - Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Well take our next question from Heath Terry with Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great, thanks. You mentioned that youre phasing out your banner ads. Could you talk to us about the reasoning behind that? Were the banner ads in the group that you were testing with leading to higher churn or changes in usage that that made you feel like that was necessary, or was there some other reason?
Reed Hastings: Sure, Terry. It was interesting. Studios liked it, but just not big enough. We figured we can use that space to increase retention and customer satisfaction just as well by merchandising the movies that people wanted. So that was it. It wasnt that big an issue or opportunity. Because again, on a subscriber business versus a free business like Yahoo!, the number of visitors are not large, the reach isnt large compared to a visitor-oriented site.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Safa Rashtchy with Piper Jaffray.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: Hi, this is Paul Bieber for Safa. Can you give us some broad comments about the product in terms of the selection of movies thats available for Watch Now and watching movies on your TV? Are there any goals for the number of titles that you hope to have on the Watch Now functionality, over whether its the next year or so?
Reed Hastings: Sure. We feel very good about getting up to -- we started at around 1,000 titles. Thats what we have now. We feel very good about getting to 5,000 by the end of the year.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: And with regard to the number of subs that have access to it, our understanding is right now, its in the thousands. What is the timeframe in terms of ramping it up to the rest of the sub base?
Reed Hastings: Over the next six months.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then, in terms of other cities, are they still following the same trends as San Francisco in terms of penetration rates and the things that youve learned from San Francisco? Are you seeing them in other cities that are evolving?
Reed Hastings: Yes, generally we do it by hub. The year of which the distribution centers are open, we look at our class of 02, our class of 03, and generally continue to follow the Bay area pattern, as it has been.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Operator: Well take our next question from Tony Wible with Citigroup.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Thanks. Barry, I hope you can start by just clarifying your comments earlier on SAC. Should we be anticipating SAC to increase or maintain around the current level?
Barry McCarthy: Well, as you know, we dont guide to it. Its been fairly steady. Its moved in a narrow band during the calendar year, and that will probably remain true in the future. It depends a little bit on how intense the competitive environment is, and for how long that competition sustains its current level of spending.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Okay. I think I understand that.
Barry McCarthy: Our overarching objective, as you know, is to land in that net income number and deliver the subs that weve committed. If we have the opportunity to allocate additional monies to marketing during the calendar year, constrained by the unit economic model of lifetime value versus acquisition costs, we will.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Great. That clears things up. In light of total access, is there anything that you guys feel any more compelled about with partnerships or new product offerings? For instance, games is something that you guys have dismissed in the past. Now that the total access program has game rentals, does it make any more sense to expand into that or expand the scope of the service in some way?
Reed Hastings: Just to clarify, the online part of total access does not have game rentals, just the in-store part.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Right, the free coupon.
Reed Hastings: Correct, for the in-store rental. So no, we dont have any plans there. Our competitive plan, as I went through, is not to add extraneous doodads of various sorts, but to continue to improve our core metrics, percentage of homes we can get to with overnight delivery, consistency of our fill rates. Its our steady execution that has differentiated us in the past from competition and were just continuing to work on that, with the one big expansion being online video, which is really a compelling differentiator for the class of consumers that are willing to watch movies on their laptops, which we recognize is not everybody.
Barry McCarthy: Some new opportunities present a compelling economic upside, and those, you are also aware then, it challenges you to remain focused and disciplined. Others appear to not be very attractive models, and I would say games is, for us, not an attractive economic model. So there lingers this perception, Im not sure why, amongst investors that its some low-hanging fruit that contributes incrementally to the consumer value proposition and the overarching profitability of the business. I think the second presumption is just wrong.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Should we take it then that partnerships would also be out of the question?
Reed Hastings: Well, we have numerous partnerships today and well continue to build on them where they gain us competitive advantage.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Last question is just with Movie Gallery, I guess, this upcoming year, if they were to file for bankruptcy, is there any way that you could capitalize on that? Do you have any specific plans in the event that does happen?
Reed Hastings: No, but I dont know if Movie will chapter or not, but no matter what, theyll keep operating the stores, so its just like people fly United when, you know, its in reorganization. I dont think theres going to be much commercial effect on us.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Well take our next question from Derek Brown with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thank you. Two questions. The first is that if you look at the combined net additions of yourselves and Blockbuster, theres a material increase in the growth rate for the overall online category. Im wondering if you view this as some sort of collective tipping point for the category, and if so, what do you think the fallout from that might be? Then, the second is as it relates to competition, there have been a few news articles that sort of talk about this being sort of the Hail Mary from Blockbuster, and Im wondering if you would agree with that viewpoint.
Reed Hastings: No, I wouldnt agree with that point. I think they realize onlines important and theyre an aggressive and innovative competitor in what theyre doing. Whether the economics work out is a little more open to question, but they know that better than we do. In terms of your first question, will this extraordinary growth in Q4 in net additions, when you look at the combined two companies, accelerate the tipping point, yes, absolutely. The bigger that online gets, the tougher it is to meet the economics of the video store work. We look at it and say lets go, lets make a really big combined online market, which only drives more and more subscribers online.
Derek Brown - Cantor Fitzgerald: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Well take our next question from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good afternoon, a couple things left. Just curious longer term, when you might have an opportunity to start negotiating with the studios as their output deals expire with Showtime, HBO and Stars? How should we think about your strategy there? Then also, on the ad sales, just curious if you could give us a rough sense of how much it contributed in the quarter. Then, just longer term, having the flexibility of selling banner ads, is that something that you just ultimately deemed was not strategically important? Im thinking in terms of, could you face a competitor three years from now thats providing movies on an ad-supported basis? Would you not want to have that arrow in your quiver as well? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: Well, Gordon, thats the right framework to think about the advertising, which is sort of the competitive positioning over time. The more that we came to understand the market, the more we realized that online video is going to shake out in three fairly distinct segments, and that the advertising supported segment would be quite large, fairly distinct and have its own competencies, companies that do advertising supported video such as YouTube, Yahoo!, and others are going to be very good at that and have huge monetization and advertising sales efforts in a very broad way. That was their unique competence. Ours, in doing subscription rental, is quite different. Its its own unique competence. Again, these are different. Some consumers will tolerate ads in their movies to get it free and others are willing to pay to have an ad-free experience. Thus, thats where the segmentation is created from. You asked about the studios. The way the pay TV contracts work for listeners that dont know as much as you do, Gordon, is theyre multi-year contracts and they are usually renegotiated one to three years before they expire, as opposed to going right to the brink. So many of those negotiations have begun already in various ways. I dont think well be a major player. Were certainly not going to be bidding instead of those companies for an equivalent set of rights, but theres lots of people looking to be creative and well continue to work with them. That underlies our confidence in our ability to grow our title count from about the 1,000 today to 5,000 by the end of the year.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Terrific. Just a follow-up, just some small items. Barry, any sense for what we should look for in terms of cash taxes in 07, and then stock compensation? Your cash taxes run lower, obviously.
Barry McCarthy: Well, were going to become a cash taxpayer in 07, going to burn through the NOLs this year, beginning the second-half of the year. I think the NOL at year-end was down to $50 million, something like that, roughly 55. In terms of compensation expense, it depends a lot, of course, on stock price. The dilution depends on the stock price, and I think that will be down 20% this year as compared with 06.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Well take our next question from Brian Pitz with Bank of America.
Brian Pitz - Bank of America: Thanks. Most of the questions answered, a couple of follow-ups on Bartons and Gordons questions, and Reed, your comments. Recently, Ted and/or Neal have kind of commented that of the $40 million you earmarked for digital downloads in 07, a vast majority of that was actually going to the content owners for licenses, so Im wondering if towards the tail-end of 07, do you see incremental additional expenses needed as you roll out your digital platform? Or will that start to hit as you build out infrastructure in 08? Any color on that would be great.
Reed Hastings: Well, clearly we have to rope those guys in a little tighter, because our staff is -- were really not going to break out the $40 million. We tried to signal early last quarter $40 million so you guys could build out the model, but we want to preserve a lot of flexibility for ourselves to optimize the business in the right way. Im sure by the time we give guidance for 2008, well have a little clearer picture and well have some history on it all.
Brian Pitz - Bank of America: Great.
Operator: Well take our next question from Mario Cibelli with Marathon Partners.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Hi, some questions about the view now. If you could give us some general ideas and traits of the new rights. Were these multi-year rights or were they exclusives? I assume there must be some type of distinction made if one were to watch a movie for five minutes or is watching the full movie. Any comments you could make on those?
Reed Hastings: I think its safe to say that we dont view exclusive as a winning strategy on the Internet. Obviously in the constrained distribution environment like cable channels, exclusive content has played a big role. The Internet is fundamentally about open choice and broad choice, and so we have not chosen to go down the exclusive path. On the other questions, I dont think -- do you have any comment?
Barry McCarthy: I would say several of the agreements are multi-year, and I dont think we want to comment beyond that.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: You mentioned ending the year with 5,000 movies. Would that mean you would be adding some every month, every quarter? If so, would the $40 million, or at least $40 million I think is what you said, would that include adding additional movies and rights fees?
Reed Hastings: Correct. Both of those are -- the $40 million is the number for the year, or least $40 million, and 5,000, so thats all built into our plan.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Okay, and then, I assume there isnt a whole lot of friction between Red Envelope and getting on the Watch Now on Netflix. Maybe thats not true, but it would seem to me that you could get a lot of that -- content would end up pretty quickly on your site. Is that true?
Reed Hastings: Great insight. Sherry Babys coming to DVD in a week, the Maggie Gyllenhaal film that got nominated for a Golden Globe. That will be day-in date with DVD on our Watch Now service. So thats a great example.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Say out of the thousand that are there now, how many would be Red Envelope movies?
Reed Hastings: Id guess a few dozen at most.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Out of a few thousand? I didnt quite get that. Theres a thousand offered --
Reed Hastings: I said I would guess a few dozen right now. I dont have a count right in front of me, but its not a material part of the equation. Most of our efforts are focused on the studio movies.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Lastly, I wonder if you have any comments on some of the studios experimenting with video on demand. Theres been a couple cities, and I guess what was most interesting is the pricing was a bit of a surprise to me. It looked like pretty low price points. I wonder if you had any thoughts or comments on that.
Reed Hastings: Studios test things all the time, as any good business does. As has been reported it the press in a few cities, there are tests going on with $4 VOD day-in date with DVD. But just because they are running tests does not really indicate much, except a desire to learn and understand the trade-offs. So not significant at this point.
Operator: Well take our next question from Charles Wolf with Needham and Company.
Charlie Wolf - Needham & Company: Yes, Im trying to get a handle on Netflix's addressable market. I read in, actually the Blockbuster annual report of last year, that the video rental market consisted of about 30 million households. In your prepared remarks, you mention that there were 60 million homes with pay TV. I was wondering, what number is closer to your addressable market between those two?
Reed Hastings: You know, thats a good judgment call for analysts and investors like yourself to make. I mean, were trying to put out the hard numbers of what we know exists. Its an estimation and a judgment call in terms of the available market.
Charlie Wolf - Needham & Company: Okay, let me ask one additional question. In the past, youve indicated the churn rate for subscribers who have been with the service for more than one year. Is that still in the 2.5 to 3 range?
Reed Hastings: Yes, roughly.
Operator: Well take our next question from Maurice McKenzie with Signal Hill.
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: Thanks for taking the question. I just have one. Could you talk about with your planned plant expansion, where you see capacity utilization, both today as well as the end of 2007?
Reed Hastings: The advantage we have with our distribution centers is they are very compact, and we have short-term leases on them. They are a fairly industrial space without a lot of build out, so it means that were always running at a pretty high utilization, and then we move without really any economic issues around those.
Maurice McKenzie - Signal Hill: How should we think about cap-ex related to PP&E for this year, for 2007, related to the plant expansion?
Barry McCarthy: Unfortunately for investors and analysts, were not very helpful. We dont guide to cash flow or cap-ex. Notice that it was up in Q4. It will be up a little bit in 2007 as well. We are taking a couple of automation initiatives in the hubs to try to continue to drive ourselves down the unit cost curve by reducing labor costs. So that will account for some of the increases. As were successful in developing the online video business, there will be some small incremental additional costs associated with that as well.
Operator: Well take our next question from Chad Bartley with Pacific Crest.
Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest: Thank you. Really only one left. I actually wanted to go back to the first question in the Q&A. I think the Q3 call you implied net adds for 07 would likely be up versus 06. Now having backed off that a bit, I wanted to ask is that entirely due to Blockbuster or are there other dynamics that you guys are taking into account there?
Reed Hastings: Its mostly a competitive effect. If you look at Q4, our net adds were up compared to Q4 a year ago. With Blockbuster doing the aggressive giveaways and the aggressive advertising, we will see it on the margin. But were feeling great about being over 8 million subs by the end of the year and delivering on our $0.80 EPS guidance.
Operator: That does conclude todays question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Mr. Reed Hastings for any closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Thank you. Obviously Q4 was pretty amazing in the growth of the whole online video market. This market may turn out to be bigger, faster than even we could have believed. Thankfully, Netflix has a huge head start in that market. Now, were opening up the online video front and we also are developing a big head start in that area. Thanks again for your support and well talk to you all next conference call.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-23 17:00:00) =====
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Executives: Deborah Crawford - Director, Investor Relations   Reed Hastings - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer   Barry McCarthy - Chief Financial Officer, Secretary
Analysts: Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners   Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston   Safa Rashtchy - Piper Jaffray & Co.   Barton Crockett - JP Morgan   Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.   Tony Wible - Citigroup   Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.   Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research   Charles Wolf - Needham & Co.   Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners   Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest   Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix third quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call to Deborah Crawford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Madam.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's third quarter 2006 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the companys co-founder and CEO, I will dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We released earnings for the third quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call, are available at the companys investor relations website at www.netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today. We will be making forward-looking statements during this call regarding the companys future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on March 16, 2006. Now, over to Reed.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah, and welcome, everyone. In the third quarter, we delivered strong results across our key metrics -- subscribers, revenue, and earnings. Combining the best customer experience with the lowest costs continues to power our success. In the third quarter, we grew our customer base by nearly 0.5 million subscribers, and we are on track for achieving our goal of at least 6.3 million subscribers this year. More precisely, net additions in Q3 were 493,000 subscribers, compared to 396,000 last year in Q3, and 136,000 two years ago in Q3. This growth in net additions is a sign that we are still on the first-half of the s-curve of consumer adoption for online rental. On top of our growth in net additions, we were more profitable than we anticipated, due to a mix of higher revenue and lower costs that Barry will discuss shortly. We delivered about $3 million additional profit beyond the high-end of our guidance range. On our last call 90 days ago, we told you our churn in Q2 was higher than we had expected because we had failed to recognize and predict some underlying summer seasonality, especially in the more variable northern climates. Happily, our churn in Q3 was 4.2%, down sequentially and down from a year ago, which is as we expected. We have gained confidence that we now understand the seasonal churn pattern and will benefit from it in Q4, as the northern climates get cold and dark. In marketing, our scale and gross margin allowed us to increase our quarterly marketing investment to $59 million and still surpass our profit goals for the quarter. $59 million is an all-time record for our quarterly marketing investment for any quarter, and at up from $33 million one year ago. This aggressive spending is what pushes up average SAC, which this quarter was $45, an all-time high. In Q4, we are going to be able to set new records on marketing investment and still deliver on our increased Q4 profit guidance. At our scale, we are able to generate growing profits and to invest heavily in subscriber growth, which positions us for larger profits in the future. Turning to profits and the future, we had said this year we would generate $30 million to $35 million in profit, and that we expected to increase that 50% for several years, which would be $45 to $53 million in 2007. This year, however, we have been more profitable than we expected, and we have been unable to officially invest all the excess profits into more marketing. Therefore, we are taking up our profit forecast for this year to $42 million to $48 million. We are also moving up our 2007 guidance to $55 million to $60 million, or more precisely, $0.76 to $0.83 GAAP EPS. Let me note that going forward, we will generally guide to EPS rather than absolute profits, to bring ourselves more in line with how financial markets track earnings. Purists will note that $55 million to $60 million for next year is not 50% above $42 million to $48 million for this year. Our response is $55 million to $60 million is more than 50% above the $30 million to $35 million we expected to generate this year. Whichever side you agree with, you can probably agree it is a nice argument to be able to have, and we are excited about another year of great subscriber, revenue, and earnings momentum. For 2007, we are increasing our investment in marketing. We will begin much more substantial investments in Internet delivery, and we will deliver record earnings. Barry will give you more color on this in a moment. In addition to growing our earnings nicely, we continue to make progress towards our $20 million subscriber goal. A large subscriber base and trusted brand will be key competitive advantages as we add the option for Internet delivery to our service. Part of our strong reputation is from astoundingly fast shipping of DVDs, but another big part of our brand is from our award-winning website that helps customers find the particular movies they are likely to love from the 65,000 available. That is why our relentless focus is on making our website even more engaging and useful. You saw that commitment again this past quarter, as we added website enhancements, including an improved friends experience, our previews feature, and we launched our $1 million Netflix prize for progress in the accuracy of web recommendation systems. Turning to Internet delivery, Apple and Amazon launched their services in Q3. Their solutions will improve over time, both in technology and selection. They are primarily targeting the download-to-own market, where price points are $10 to $20 per movie, and they primarily compete with DVD sales, which is a $16 billion market domestically. DVD rental has always competed with DVD sales for its piece of consumer spending, and DVD rental will be minimally affected by these new entrants in the movie ownership market. Our market is movie rental, an $8 billion market with approximately $3 per movie pricing in stores and online. In terms of the download rental market opportunity, we have been patiently learning through prototyping and consumer research. While there may be little near-term threat to physical DVD rental, that does not change our view on the importance of Netflix leading the download rental market. In our next earnings call, we will talk in more detail about our Internet delivery plans. We think our solution will offer superior ease of use and value, but as with all Internet movie services, we will initially have significant content availability constraints imposed by the TV network windowing system for movies. Fortunately, physical DVD remains ubiquitous in nearly 100 million U.S. households which, by combining Internet delivery with DVD by mail delivery, gives us a huge advantage in competing for consumers entertainment dollars. In terms of DVD rental, our fundamental thesis about online taking share from store-based rental is playing out. Blockbuster says it is on target for 2 million online subscribers by the end of the year, and we are on target for 6.3 million. So that is 8.3 million active renters not paying video stores to rent movies. Online rental provides a better consumer experience and greater value than store-based rental. The larger online gets, the more difficult store-based rental becomes economically, and we think the major chains will close 5% to 10% of their stores next year. As more stores close, the online market is further strengthened. Our view is the trends of online rental growth and store rental decline will continue for many years. In the long-term, as our base grows and our strong word-of-mouth spreads, our marketing as a percentage of revenue and our SAC should decline. Rental is an $8 billion industry, and we believe much of it will move online over the next 10 years. Within the industry, the only dark cloud we see is high-definition DVD, which has become trapped in the video game boxing ring. There are two competing formats -- HD-DVD, backed by Microsoft, and Blu-ray, backed by Sony. Because of their video game interests, Microsoft wants to make sure Sonys high-def DVD format is not the winner, and Sony wants to make sure Microsofts is not the winner. Neither of these companies can be defeated in the short run. As long as the press writes about the format war, most consumers will stay away. The only practical solution is for studios to announce the war is over because everyone is supporting both formats. Two formats are not hard. We have had VHS and DVD the last 10 years, with minimal trouble. Two movie studios are already supporting both high-def movie formats. Now we just hope other studios will do the same, the press will declare the war over, because both formats are supported by all studios, and the consumer adoption cycle will begin in earnest. To close, I will note that 14.9% of the 2 million-plus Bay area households now subscribe to Netflix, up from 14.1% one quarter ago. The Bay area is also blanketed with Comcast VOD, Internet broadband, Tivo and Apple, yet the Netflix movie service continues to grow more popular here every quarter. In thinking about our national market share, remember that the Bay area is our oldest market, which we served with generally next-day delivery for seven years. The rest of the country, time-lagged by the commencement of generally next-day delivery, continues to follow the Bay areas growth trajectory. In fact, Seattle, Washington, D.C., and Austin, Texas, are all now above 10% of households subscribing to Netflix. Our ability to continue to increase penetration in our oldest market demonstrates the strength and potential of the online rental market, and reinforces our confidence that we can deliver on our growth objectives for both profits and subscribers. Thank you, and now over to you, Barry.
Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed. Most of our listeners know that Netflix became public in May of 2002. In the four-and-a-half years that followed, we have grown our quarterly revenues from $36 million to $256 million, and subscribers from 670,000 to 5.7 million. Against this framework of historical performance, covering the 18 quarters that Reed and I have reported on quarterly earnings, our business model has scaled profitably. This quarters results are a great example of how well the model can perform. My remarks today will focus on the key drivers of our earnings performance this quarter. Then, I will talk about how we managed the trade-offs in Q3 between marketing spending, subscriber growth, and earnings, and lastly, before opening the call to questions, I will discuss our guidance for Q4 and for the full year 2007. Sometimes the numbers tell a clear story and this is one of those quarters, so my remarks today will be brief. Before I discuss the P&L performance, I would like to say a word about free cash flow. In Q3, we produced $22.3 million, the second largest quarter of free cash flow in our history. To put this in historical context, we have produced nearly as much free cash flow last quarter as we produced for all of 2005. For the 12 months ended September 30, we produced $64 million in free cash flow. I think this shows that our model is working well, even as we grow rapidly and even at current levels of subscriber acquisition cost. We expect that success to continue. Lets turn now to our P&L. There were three drivers of strong performance last quarter. The largest of these drivers was content costs, which was approximately $3 million lower than we expected in the quarter. These cost savings resulted from a favorable mix of owned versus rev share content. We expect these content costs to increase in Q4, and I will say more about that in a moment. The second-largest source of that performance was technology and development spending, primarily due to lower headcount and lower data center spending than forecast. The final source of earnings upside resulted from a favorable variance in ASP, which contributed $1.5 million more in net income than we expected last quarter. Because we outperformed our earnings guidance in Q3, I want to spend a few moments discussing how we manage the balance between growth and earnings. As many of you know, we have a long-term goal of reaching 20 million subscribers. That goal is founded on the belief that the key competitive advantage in the emerging downloading market will be strong relationships with a large customer base that, as Reed mentioned, is accustomed to getting their video entertainment from Netflix. Against the framework of this overarching objective, we articulated three important goals for 2006: Along the way, we said we would invest excess earnings in faster subscriber growth if we could acquire subscribers cost-effectively, relative to their lifetime value as Netflix subscribers. Given these objectives, why did we outperform our earnings guidance for the third consecutive quarter, without redeploying all of our excess profit and a faster subscriber growth? For those of you who follow the company closely, this might sound like a replay of last quarters earnings call when I posed a similar question. I answered that question by saying that for Q3 and Q4, we had greater visibility into the out-performance, which better positioned our marketing team to deploy the money productively and cost-effectively. On balance, we largely accomplished that objective in Q3. We planned to increase marketing spending in the quarter by about $7 million. That increase was factored into our subscriber guidance, and we put 100% of that money to work in the quarter. During the quarter, we identified another $1.5 million of profit which we were not able to redeploy cost-effectively, and so it fell to the bottom line. The rest of the upside was pure out-performance, which we just failed to forecast accurately. So at this point, lets ask ourselves how our performance for Q3 and year-to-date positions us for Q4 and 2007 guidance. As many of you know, from reading todays earnings release, we raised our Q4 guidance. I want to comment on two aspects of that increase. First, lets talk about gross margin. Earlier in my remarks, I said we expect to see content costs increase in Q4. This means increased margin pressure, but we also expect to see a seasonal decrease in [dis-shipment], which will fully offset the increased costs we forecast for content, which means steady as she goes in terms of gross margin. Second, with respect to marketing spending, we do not currently foresee opportunities to increase our already large planned expenditures to drive faster subscriber growth in Q4. If opportunities present themselves during the quarter, you may see us end Q4 in the low-end of our upwardly revised earnings guidance. If they do not materialize, and the business outperforms our forecast expectations again this quarter, you should expect to see us land at or above the high-end of our earnings guidance for Q4. For 2007, we expect to produce $55 million to $60 million in net income, or $0.76 to $0.83 per share in net income. We will continue to guide to ending subscribers and revenue, as well as EPS, and will give you our full 2007 guidance on the Q4 earnings call in January. As Reed mentioned earlier, we also plan to discuss our digital downloading strategy on the January call. As you think about your Netflix model for 2007, bear in mind that we plan to significantly accelerate our spending on digital downloading in 2007 from less than $10 million this year to more than $40 million next year. So in summary, Q3 was a beat-and-raise quarter for Netflix, with: We expect another strong quarter in Q4, and today we upwardly revised our guidance to reflect that optimism. That concludes my prepared remarks, and now we will open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will take our first question from Gordon Hodge with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good afternoon, thank you. Just two questions. Barry, I think you have mentioned in the past that advertising sell-out has been really high on the mailers, and I am wondering if that is starting to now kick in as a major source of profit for you, or a meaningful source, anyway, and also if you could comment on usage trends during the third quarter. I think you indicated in the fourth quarter you expect it to tick down, but any commentary just in terms of how it behaved in the third quarter would be great. Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: With respect to ad sales on the mailer, we are sold out -- substantially sold out in Q3 and Q4, so that business is progressing well. I do not think it will emerge as a line item for a year or two, so early indications are that we are on the right path, also trying to build out the online piece of that. We will probably have more to say about it next year, but it looks promising. The targeting is being well-received by the studios, and I think we are perceived to be a value-added player with a valuable target market. With respect to usage, no real news, actually. During the quarter, subscribers behaved very much as we expected. We finished on plan. The seasonal pattern that we are expecting in Q4 is the seasonal pattern that we have seen in each of the prior years.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: The break-out on ad sales, at what level would that have to be to become a line item that you would break out?
Barry McCarthy: Under SEC rules, 10%.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel Partners: Not until 10, okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Heath Terry with Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston: Great. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your studio relationships and how the revenue share agreements are changing, or if they are, as you move into the HD-DVD, Blu-Ray world. Are the current relationships that you have on the DVD front changing as you start to negotiate this next round?
Reed Hastings: Rev share, not much change. You know, over the past two or three years, some studios get more favorable on it, other studios get less favorable on it, but the overall mix for us is approximately the same. HD-DVD and Blu-Ray, it is too early to tell. I mean, we are talking microscopic volumes of players. I think it is probably 10,000 or 20,000 or 30,000 total units sold, of hardware players. The market is so small right now that you just cannot tell anything. We think as it grows, it becomes pretty much parity with DVD, but it could be three or four or five years until it gets to 10 million or 20 million households, depending on how you want to count PlayStation 3.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston: Then, on that revenue share front, as you evaluate the buy versus share decision, as those relationships change, and you said they have not changed that much, but could you just talk to us about the thought process that goes through there, just from an accounting perspective on how you evaluate which discs you are going to buy versus the ones that you are actually going to go into a revenue share agreement on?
Reed Hastings: Sure. We do not really get to choose on a title-by-title basis. It is really studio by studio, and a rev share agreement would generally cover all of the new releases from the studio. In terms of the overall evaluation, it tends to be I think heavily influenced by what the studio prefers. If a studio prefers revenue sharing, they will generally revenue share with a number of companies, including us. If the studio prefers not to, then it will be typically wholesale with all of the rental companies. It follows those broad patterns.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston: Great, thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Safa Rashtchy with Piper Jaffray.
Safa Rashtchy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good afternoon, Barry and Reed, and congratulations on a great quarter. A couple of questions here. First, I just want to begin to understand where you might be spending the money. You mentioned if one is a purist, it would look like you are lowering your 50% growth, but either way you look at it, you have achieved, whether it was out-performance or otherwise, you have achieved a base now, and you are going from this higher base, so I am trying to see if you are being conservative in the guidance for next year, if there are some spending plans, or if you are trying to grow the EPS a little slower. I have a quick follow-up.
Barry McCarthy: Safa, it is our most accurate -- remember we have the guidance for next year. It is our view of the expected case. Next year, relative to this year, we have this much larger downloading investment going on, so that is one of the factors involved in that.
Reed Hastings: I think that is a perfect summary. If we were not spending upwards of $40 million or more on downloading -- lets see, on an after-tax basis, that is another $20 million, so instead of looking at $60 million in profits, you are looking at $80 million in profit, and that is maybe more consistent with upper bounds of your expectations pre-downloading expenditures.
Safa Rashtchy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: That is actually the perfect segue for my follow-up, which is can you give us at least some qualitative sense of what you need to do. What are you going to spend the $40 million on? You had done some preliminary work on downloading already, and obviously content, as you said, is the key, and that does not require a lot of infrastructure build-up, so can you give us some sense of what you need to do to get going?
Reed Hastings: We will be able and willing to talk about it in detail, Safa, next quarter on our conference call. I will defer your question until then.
Safa Rashtchy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay.
Operator: We will go next to Barton Crockett with JP Morgan.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Great, thank you very much. I wanted to ask a couple of things about a couple of the numbers, and then a larger question about another issue. The Q4 churn you said should benefit seasonally, so are you suggesting then, as I understand it, that the churn rate should be a little bit better than the 4.2%, which we saw in the third quarter? That would be the first number question. Secondly, related on the SAC, you are going to be spending more in total on marketing, but does the SAC per gross addition also go up in the fourth quarter? Those are the two number questions. Then, more broadly, when we look at the download services that have been launched -- in particular, Amazon -- they have a number of titles available for download for purchase, a few hundred, I guess, available for rental. Is there anything that they have done that has changed your view of the licensing restrictions that you thought were going to be a content bottleneck? I was surprised that they have so many titles available for download, but of course, they are purchased, and maybe that is factored into the contracts. Would you guys expect to have a comparable number of titles available for rental, or maybe comparable to what they have for download available for rental, some idea of whether your size would be like what they have come out with? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Sure. On churn and SAC, for the past couple of years, we have not guided to them, so if you -- that does not mean we will give some color on it, but if you look at last years churn pattern, that gives you a sense of the degree of seasonality in the business, Q3 to Q4. Then, on SAC, it really depends on how much we are able to grow the marketing investment and still make our profit goals, so the bigger, the more we spend, the marginal $10 million is always less efficient than the rest of it. By definition, we would want to spend our most efficient first, so that would tend to drive up average SAC. So it depends on how much we are able to deploy within the context of our profit goals. Then, you asked on licensing. There is no surprise in the licensing in what Apple and Amazon have. It is approximately the same as Movielink has had for four years now, which is a pretty broad set of the Comcast VOD, or any cable VOD system has. That has been a pretty stable window. That is what is there. You referred to the [day-in date] with DVD, which is there for purchased titles. Again, from my perspective, that is their main -- it is the only focus for Apple and it is the main focus for Amazon in terms of title breadth. That is available at essentially DVD prices, at the same time as DVD. No surprises, consistent with Movielink licensing over the last couple of years.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Would that be consistent with a selection that you guys would be able to have, do you think, at the outset?
Reed Hastings: I know it is hard for us to throw this out, about what we are spending the money on downloading but now we are not going to tell you what we are spending it on, but we are going to give you a full briefing next quarter, and so I will have to hold you off like I did Safa and say in 90 days, we will give you a full briefing and give you all the context.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Great, thank you very much.
Barry McCarthy: Let me jump in and explain why we mentioned downloading at all, and the expected increase in spending for 2007. In the context of giving you guidance on earnings, so that you would not run away from our own expectations, we anticipate that it would be nearly impossible for you to reconcile to our net income guidance, given your projections for subscriber growth and revenue, unless you had some perspective on how much money we anticipated spending on additional downloading. That is the reason that we mention the dollar amount, and we appreciate your patience in waiting until next quarter before we put some meat on the bones.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. I have two questions. The first one is regarding churn. Reed, you mentioned that you benefited in terms of seasonality during this quarter, especially in some of the colder climates. Can you talk about anything that you were able to do specifically on your own in terms of pulling that lever a little bit, whether maybe it was marketing to existing subscribers a little bit better, anything there? Then, the second question in terms of your free cash flow, Barry, which you mentioned. It looks like you had a $20 million working capital benefit. Could you talk about the details there and if there is anything specific in driving that number higher? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Doug, on the seasonality, what I said is we anticipated benefiting in Q4 as the northern climates get cold and dark and people basically stay at home and watch movies more, and cancel at proportionately slightly smaller rates. That is what we were focused on. In terms of separating from what we were able to do, it is pretty hard to separate with any confidence. That is, we improved the service, we added a couple of new distribution centers, we made these improvements on the site, but there is no really scientific way for us to separate the improvements due to that, so we continue to believe they are good things. We continue to drive churn down, but we work forward on that basis. I will turn it over to Barry on the free cash flow.
Barry McCarthy: Doug, with respect to the free cash flow, there was nothing out of the ordinary that happened in the quarter. We happened to benefit from an increase in AP, and you will notice that was a reversal of the prior quarter, which was a reversal of the quarter before that. So it is following a normal pattern. There is nothing unusual in the business. Next quarter, we will see a big swing in free cash flow again, unrelated to AP but this time related to the strong in-flow of cash from the sale of gift certificates, which lifted the free cash flow boat dramatically in the fourth quarter of last year.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Jim Friedland with Cowen and Company.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: Thanks. A couple of questions. First, on some of the social networking features, like friends, can you tell us about what percent of the users use it on a regular basis, or maybe at least users that have been with the service for six months, a year? Then, the second question is on the last call, you talked about how even though you have a range of price offerings and the average selling price is going down, I think you said the majority of gross adds is still going for the three-DVD product. Is that a correct statement? Could you talk about how that played out in the third quarter?
Reed Hastings: The three-out program has remained our most popular program in Q3. Then, in terms of friends, we are really excited about what we have been doing and the improvements on it. We have not given, really for competitive reasons, any precise breakdowns on it. It is growing very nicely and one of the great aspects of friends is the virile network nature to it, so the more people that get in it, the more there is benefits to the other members. So we are continuing to push on that very aggressively.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: Would you say on that, Reed, that the people that use friends regularly churn at a lower rate?
Reed Hastings: Yes, that is definitely true, that those who are active in friends are great customers for us. The only question is how much of that is an indicator of fact and how much of that is causal from friends. Do you follow what I mean by that?
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: Sure, sure.
Reed Hastings: Yes, if it were pure causal, we would be celebrating all day long, because we know some of it is an indicator of those are -- you know, people who live their lives on the Internet. We continue to work on it but we do not say it is why the churn is lower for them.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: Great, thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tony Wible with Citigroup.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: I was curious, in your 07 guidance, what your assumptions are on postage that are implicit in that?
Reed Hastings: We are expecting a postage increase, Tony, in the first quarter of next year.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Great, thanks. On the gift certificates that you guys sell in the fourth quarter, should we expect any kind of holiday promotion or any kind of special push on the marketing side to try and increase those types of sales?
Reed Hastings: Sorry, Tony, I am just getting passed a note, an errata on my last answer. I said Q1, and the increase is Q2.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Okay, so like April.
Reed Hastings: May, I think we are expecting it.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: All right, and on the promotional front for the gift cards, are you guys planning to do anything abnormal there that would increase the sale of those gift products?
Reed Hastings: Nothing that we have not done particularly in prior years.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: There have been a couple of technologies proposed for triple layer for HD, to handle the duality issue. Are you seeing any of the studios pushing any closer to HD, now that there is some solution to have one disc that can carry both formats?
Reed Hastings: No, we have not seen any move towards those technologies. The market is reasonably frozen, pending PlayStations arrival. If I had to guess, it will be Q1 before we start seeing some movement.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Last question -- the use of cash, any update?
Reed Hastings: No updates.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: We will go next to Youssef Squali with Jefferies.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Thank you very much. Congratulations, guys. A couple of questions. First, Barry, the sequential decline in your ARPU, or average revenue per user, is the lowest we have seen in about seven quarters. While you obviously have been pushing lower and lower price plans, at the same time, we have gotten word today that Blockbuster had cancelled their $5.99 service, or at least planning on doing that. Are we seeing a price stabilization across the industry yet?
Barry McCarthy: Well, I cannot comment on Blockbusters plans. In terms of our sub-growth in the most recent quarter, it was as we expected. It has been true in prior years and was true this year that there is, on a sequential basis, a relatively large decrease in ARPU has been -- a relatively large decrease in ARPU in the second quarter, as compared to the first, as compared with the third. That has everything to do with the number of days in the second quarter, and not much to do with structural changes in the business. I think some investors were concerned that the large decrease last quarter signaled some structural change in the business, but it was a calendar issue, and I think change this third quarter reaffirms the historical trend that we have previously seen.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, so it is just seasonal. I guess on a different point, I do not know if you will answer this, but on your 07 guidance, the 76 to 83, could you just -- I guess yes or no -- you have added about, or you are planning, you are on track to adding about 2.1 million new users this year. To get to your 20 million in the 2010-2012 period, at some point you are going to have to see some acceleration in that net add. Is it fair to assume that your 07 number sub add should be higher than your 06 number?
Barry McCarthy: You do the math correctly, which is the net adds have to continue rising for us to stay on track for 20 million by 2012. That is a correct assumption.
Youssef Squali - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, that is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Daniel Ernst with Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Yes, good evening. Thank you for taking the call. Two questions, if I might. First, on the DVD acquisition line, up to 50 million plus in the quarter, or almost up, or up a little more than 2X year on year versus net sub growth of 22% year on year. Is there a trend here, or did something happen in the quarter to, or you are preparing for a bunch of new releases, or a big sub-growth coming up in the winter months?
Reed Hastings: Neither, particularly. We have been working on the inventory state, and improving operating metrics of the business. We have increased slightly our investment in content, but in particular, on a year-over-year basis, we have increased in absolute terms the number of DVDs that we acquire directly from studios and are engaged in, at least proportionately last quarter, less rev share.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Should we assume that this trend continues, or was it more of a catch-up here?
Reed Hastings: The funny thing about watching our content costs is an arbitrary part of it flows to the balance sheet in terms of DVD purchase, and then a second arbitrary part goes to revenue sharing, goes directly to the P&L. They end up, from a P&L standpoint, if you account for depreciation, to be about the same, and we move back and forth between them, again depending on studio preference. So some of what you are seeing was a shift in one or more studios away from rev share between a year ago and now, so therefore we have more purchasing going on. But the total content cost has been very favorable for us over that year. We continue to seek deals that make economic sense for us, and you will see, if you only look at one-half of this, i.e. rev share or purchase, you can get thrown off. You really want to sum those two.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Understood, that helps. The second question, on ARPU, down about 7% year on year, which is relatively modest in light of the teaser ads we see push the $5.99 plan. Obviously there is not a big uptake of those. Could you give us some sense of what the current distribution is on your plans?
Barry McCarthy: We do not actually disclose it for competitive reasons.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: But could you give us a little bit of flavor?
Reed Hastings: You could do any, you know, approximate split to generate the ASP, and you would not be far off. It is not very sensitive, so you know, take some normal distribution around the ASP and you will be pretty close.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Charles Wolf with Needham.
Charles Wolf - Needham & Co.: Yes, hi. I wanted to ask about your experience in the Bay area and what it might say about your prospects going nationally. I was wondering, if you could, directionally, is your subscriber acquisition cost in the Bay area less than they are nationally? Second, is the churn rate in the Bay area less than nationally or more? Could you give us a direction on that?
Reed Hastings: Sure. We have said in the past and reaffirmed today that they are both substantially lower, favorable, both SAC and churn, in the Bay area.
Charles Wolf - Needham & Co.: Let me ask a different type of question about the long tail. In terms of the movies that are being rented, what percentage are new releases and what percentage are library?
Reed Hastings: It varies somewhat quarter to quarter, depending on what the studio is releasing. Generally, it is about a third of the shipments are new releases, and about two-thirds are long tail content.
Charles Wolf - Needham & Co.: Fine, thanks a lot.
Operator: We will go next to Mario Cibelli with Marathon Partners.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: I wonder if you have any comments about the store-in-a-box concepts that are coming out now, like Red Box and other things like that, where you could reserve a copy. Do you think this is a viable business model, longer term?
Reed Hastings: Kiosk business has the sort of ATM style. It may well be a viable business. They certainly seem to be proliferating. They are very new release focused, so they tend to hold 20 or 30 titles of the big new releases, so in that way, fairly complementary to our market and another squeeze on video stores. But again, they seem to be spreading, from all the press reports.
Mario Cibelli - Marathon Partners: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Chad Bartley with Pacific Crest Investors.
Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest: Thank you. I have one follow-up on the digital side. I think you have commented before. Could you talk about the pricing model for digital delivery? Do you expect to offer that under the subscription plan, or will it be something different? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: I will have to hold you off again until next quarter. Again, I know it is frustrating for us to dangle this out and not really complete the sentence, but we will complete it next quarter on this call for you.
Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to Eric Fischer with Broadmark Asset Management.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: Gentlemen, great quarter. I just have a few questions. On average postage costs round-trip in the third quarter, could you give me that, give us an idea of what that is? Is it $0.74, $0.76?
Reed Hastings: We do not actually break it out. We pay first class postage each way and then we have the benefit of some zip code sorting that we do, which gives us some discounts, but we do not get any special breaks with the post office that are not available to any other company in the United States.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: But you have a system put in where you get some kind of a break with the sorting system, right?
Reed Hastings: Yes, we do.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: That is what, about $0.015, $0.02 maybe?
Reed Hastings: You could look up on the USPS website and the variations as to how finely you pre-sort, for any pre-sort mailer, but no, the discounts can go as much as $0.07, if you have enough volume and you are willing to spend the time and effort to sort it. It can be bigger than that, but of course, there is the labor to do that, and then you have to have enough density in any one geography to be able to take advantage of those discounts.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: The rev share cost in the quarter, I know you do not really break that out, but would you say it was less than the cost component of the DVD amortization in the gross margin?
Reed Hastings: No comment.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: No comment -- SAC for the quarter, was that about $45.30?
Reed Hastings: Correct.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: Usage about 5.6?
Reed Hastings: No comment.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: How about ARPU? Did you say what that was?
Reed Hastings: I think we disclosed it in the release.
Eric Fischer - Broadmark Asset Management: G&A was up about $3 million versus second quarter. I was just wondering what that was, exactly.
Reed Hastings: Continuing build-out of the infrastructure.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions today. At this time, I will turn the call back over to Mr. Reed Hastings for any closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Thank you, everyone. We look forward to talking to you in a quarter, and again, we will have more details for you then on the beginnings of the Internet delivery option for Netflix. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-24 17:00:00) =====
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Executives: Reed Hastings - Co-Founder and CEO   Barry McCarthy - CFO   Deborah Crawford - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel   Heath Terry - Credit Suisse   Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray   Tony Wible  Citigroup   Glen Reid - Bear Stearns   Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.   Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Co.   Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates   Barton Crockett - JP Morgan   Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Netflix second quarter 2006 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Deborah Crawford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, maam.
Deborah Crawford: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Netflix's second quarter 2006 earnings call. Before turning the call over to Reed Hastings, the Company's Co-Founder and CEO, I'll dispense with the customary cautionary language and comment about the webcast for this earnings call. We released earnings for the second quarter at approximately 1:05 p.m. Pacific Time. The earnings release, which includes a reconciliation of all non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP, and this conference call are available at the Company's investor relations website at www.Netflix.com. A rebroadcast of this call will be available at the Netflix website after 5:30 p.m. Pacific Time today. We will make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the Company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 16, 2006. Now, over to Reed.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:
Reed Hastings: Thank you, Deborah. Welcome, everyone. Our strategy is to grow our subscriber base as fast as possible while generating 50% annual earnings growth and to use our large membership to lead the Internet delivery of movies. Our goal is to exceed 20 million DVD rental subscribers in the 2010 to 2012 timeframe. Our Q2 results represent strong progress against these objectives, as consumers continue to discover the superiority of renting movies online. In terms of earnings, in our second quarter we delivered $17 million of GAAP net income, up from slightly less than $6 million one year ago. Year-to-date we have generated $21 million of net income. That leaves us in the advantageous position of being only $9 million to $14 million away from delivering on our full-year earnings commitment of $30 million to $35 million, which means we are able to invest more aggressively in growth for the balance of the year. In terms of subscriber growth in the second quarter, we finished with 5.17 million subscribers, up 62% from a year ago. This is our highest year-over-year growth rate in the past six quarters. While we are thrilled that the subscriber growth accelerated to 62%, we had thought we would be able to push it all away to 63%, or 5.22 million subscribers. This 1 percentage point difference in subscriber growth is attributable to our Q2 churn, which was higher than we wanted at 4.3%. Churn was as we expected through most of April, and then we got hit with higher churn in May and June. We are encouraged that in the first few weeks of July, churn has improved, but the elevated churn in the May/June timeframe cost us about 50,000 additional cancels. We believe the primary culprit in the temporary churn increase was seasonality, the onset of glorious summer from dark winter, which increases the churn proclivity during May and June in the colder parts of the country. In Los Angeles and San Diego, for example, where it is perpetual summer, we saw no sequential increase in churn from January to June. In contrast, in Chicago, Detroit and Boston, we saw a 10% to 15% increase in the cancel rate. In frigid Minneapolis, the cancel rate moved up about 20%. Why didn't we see seasonality in churn last year and the year before? Last year in Q2, our online competition weakened greatly and churn fell sharply, masking the overall seasonal effect. In Q2 of 2004, we took our $2 price increase and churn spiked, also masking the slight seasonal effect that quarter. Next year our forecast models will be even more accurate around this summer-onset phenomena. The second metric that you may be focused on is SAC, which reached a high point of $44. Higher SAC is the result of two factors: how hard we push the market to grow, and Blockbuster's increased activity. In terms of understanding how hard we push the market to grow, let me point you to our year-over-year growth in marketing spend as the best proxy, because of the seasonality in our business. If you look at the last four quarters, you will notice that in quarters where year-over-year marketing growth is strong, average SAC is pushed up. In quarters where year-over-year marketing growth is less aggressive, SAC is more modest. Specifically, in Q3 last year, marketing was up a modest 45% year-over-year and SAC was light at $36. Q4 marketing was up a more substantial 63%, and SAC moved up to a then-record $41. Q1 was back down to 45% year-over-year marketing growth and SAC came down to 38%. In our most recent quarter, marketing spending increased an aggressive 74% year-over-year, and our SAC hit a new record of $44. In other words, the average SAC depends on how hard we are pushing the market. If the strength of our business allows us to make our earnings goals and to invest in marketing even more heavily, you should expect commensurate average subscriber acquisition costs. The second but lesser SAC factor is Blockbuster's activity level. When they are marketing heavily, the marginal effect is slightly increased SAC for us. We saw this online in Q2 and expect it to continue. While we would, of course, prefer lower SAC to higher SAC, most of the increased SAC is the result of our strategic plan to grow as fast as possible on 50% earnings growth. This is consistent with what we outlined for you last year, and with sound economics, in terms of acquiring subscribers for much less than their lifetime value. In any case, despite the seasonal bump in churn and the higher SAC, we delivered 62% year-over-year subscriber growth and $17 million in earnings; not a perfect quarter, but very strong. Obviously, maintaining a 60% growth rate at our size is extremely challenging, and our year-over-year goal of at least 6.3 million subscribers represents a 51% subscriber growth rate for the full year 2006. This is because our Q3 and Q4 comparable quarters from last year were very strong for us, as our principal competitor suffered through a financial crisis, and was unable to market their service during that time period. New markets like online rentals generally go through an S curve of adoption. Rising net adds is on the first half of the S curve, falling net adds is on the second half. Net adds for Netflix in 2004 were 1 million. In 2005 they were 1.6 million. This year we are forecasting at least 2.1 million net additions. In terms of quarters, in Q2 we added 303,000 net subscribers compared to 178,000 one year ago. This rapid growth in net adds indicates that we are still early in the first part of the S curve. In our bellwether, San Jose/Oakland/San Francisco Metro area, our household penetration continued to climb and reached 14%. More impressively, in the Bay Area, our net adds in Q2 were higher than one year ago. This means that even at 14% penetration, the Bay Area is still on the first half of the S curve of growth. On the pricing front, during the quarter we concluded that adding the $5.99 capped program was worthwhile, although its impact is fairly modest. While subscribers are incrementally attracted to plans starting at $5.99, few subscribers take that program, mostly preferring the higher-priced unlimited plan. Turning to the broader industry, we now rent both Blu-ray and HD DVD movies. Our view is that the current format war is unwinnable by either Sony or Microsoft in the next several years. They are both powerful enough to maintain a stalemate. Hopefully, early next year the single-format studios will join Warner and Paramount in becoming format-agnostic, the press will declare the format war over, and the consumer adoption cycle for high-definition DVD will begin in earnest. The DVD rental business as a whole has been quite steady at about $8 billion in domestic revenue the last few years. The industry projections for this year are also $8 billion. The one big change in the rental market is the transition from store-based to online rental. Blockbuster appears to have become so convinced of the inevitability of online dominance that in Q2 they converted many of their stores to primarily feature their online rental service. These Blockbuster video stores now have many large in-store signs saying rent online. We expect that going forward, Blockbuster will spend as aggressively as they can to promote online rental, and this will further accelerate the total online rental market. The good news for us is that as Blockbuster converts their store-based customers to online, it only accelerates the tipping point where unprofitable stores are forced to close as their customers migrate to online rental. A few days ago, for example, a nine-store Blockbuster franchisee in the Pittsburgh area declared bankruptcy and shut their doors abruptly. We think that someday a majority of the $8 billion DVD rental market will be transacted online and we expect to continue to be the clear leader in that very large market. Looking forward, I want to reiterate that we are focused on delivering full year earnings in the $30 million to $35 million range in 2006, and 50% earnings growth in 2007 and beyond, which is the commitment we first made to you last year. We will invest in growth as aggressively as we can, given those earnings levels. The financial value of our subscriber growth is clear: it extends the number of years we can deliver 50% earnings growth. The strategic value of our heavy growth investment is equally clear: it hastens the tipping point of video store closures and provides us the pole position for expansion into Internet delivery. In terms of digital delivery, it seems that every day there are new announcements and stories about downloading. It would be all too easy to conclude that movie downloading was exploding in growth. The reality is the current Internet movie delivery services continue to show no growth in traffic. Nada. As we have discussed before, the whole industry is held back by the exclusive Windows and the Internet to the TV issue. Movie downloading will evolve over the next decade, but it will do so slowly. Think about the music business for a minute. This year, eight years after Napster, five years after the iPod, over 90% of music industry revenues are plain old CDs. DVD won't be dominant forever, but it will be dominant for a very, very long time. Nevertheless, we continue our efforts in technology development and content rights acquisition, and we'll provide a full update on our Internet delivery plans on our Q4 call in January. Movie downloading may be a minuscule market, but we intend to be the leader before it starts to grow. To close on a personal note, some of you know my family and know that my wife and kids are going to live in Europe for the coming school year. I will remain living here in California and visit them as I can. Rest assured that my family remains the third-largest Netflix shareholder, and my focus on Netflix is unchanged. Before I turn the call over to Barry, I wanted to point out that in just the last 18 months we have doubled our subscriber base from 2.6 to 5.2 million, and we are on track for at least 6.3 million subscribers this year and 20 million subscribers in the 2010 to 2012 timeframe. Online movie rental is a rapidly expanding market, and Netflix is its leader. From an investor standpoint, that leadership translates into strong earnings growth, 50% annually, for the next several years. Thank you for listening and now over to you, Barry.
Barry McCarthy: Thank you, Reed. Good afternoon, everyone. As Reed indicated, our second quarter results demonstrated continued progress towards our often-repeated objectives of 20 million subscribers and 50% year-over-year earnings growth. We also have said repeatedly that our overarching objective is to grow the subscriber base as quickly as we can within the parameters of our economic model and our commitment to deliver earnings growth beginning with this year's target of $30 million to $35 million. We have indicated that we'll do that by investing more in marketing when it is consistent with meeting our earnings objective. In my remarks today I'll focus on how our Q2 results match up with these objectives. I'll begin by reviewing our net income performance and analyzing the drivers of that performance. Next, I will discuss the relationship between our stronger-than-expected earnings and increased investment in subscriber growth. Then I will review our guidance for Q3 and Q4 and the full year 2006. Finally, I will conclude my remarks by talking about last quarter's secondary offering. First, net income. At $16.8 million, net income was exceptionally strong this quarter; the third highest in our history, nearly triple our profit a year ago, which was untaxed, and significantly above our guidance. On a pre-tax basis, Q2 was by far the most profitable in our history which shows, I think, the profit potential of our model. Two factors contributed to our strong profit performance: (1) gross margin and (2) average selling price. Let me review each of these in turn. Let's begin with a look at gross margin. On a year-over-year basis, gross margin improved almost 900 basis points to 37.1% in the quarter. Gross margin also improved on a QoverQ basis by 330 basis points. Nonrecurring content cost savings plus lower rev share expenses contributed to an overall reduction in content cost in the quarter. The continued popularity of lower-priced plans also contributed to the rise in gross margin. These plans have a higher gross margin than the standard three-out $17.99 a month program, and have grown rapidly to become an important percentage of our overall subscriber mix. For competitive reasons, we don't disclose what that mix is, but the mix change is enabling us to combine lower average revenue per subscriber with higher margins. As Reed mentioned earlier, we launched a $5.99 plan this quarter. That product accounted for well below 5% of gross subscriber additions in the quarter. While the plan was not a factor in this quarter's financial performance, this opening price point does have an important marketing role in attracting new subscribers to our service. Now let's discuss average selling price. In the last 12 months our average selling price has dropped nearly $2. Consumer adoption of our $11.99 and $9.99 subscription plans accounts for the drop in ASP. Despite this drop, our average revenue per paid disk shipment was slightly higher in the recently completed quarter than it was in Q2 of last year. What drives this metric is the relationship between pricing and average usage by plan. We've said very little about this, which has caused some investors to question the economic viability of the lower-priced plans. In fact, we're very pleased with the contribution of these plans: the trend in revenue per disk, the higher gross margins these plans generate, and the incremental subscribers they attract to Netflix; subscribers who wouldn't sign up for a three-out $17.99 plan, which is why we aggressively market these lower-priced plans. So that's the net income story. Now, what about our commitment to redeploy earnings and invest more to drive subscriber growth? The fact is, in Q2 just as in Q1, we over-delivered on earnings at the expense of faster subscriber growth. Why was that? First, a little perspective. We did in fact invest more in marketing this quarter; 74% more than a year ago. Historically, Q2 has been a low watermark for subscriber growth at Netflix, and that pattern repeated itself again this year. It's also important to note that gross subscriber additions performed on plan during Q2. The constraint on our net subscriber growth wasn't new subscriber additions, it was the unanticipated increase in churn from Q1 levels. The important point is that the long-term trend for churn is still improving. Q2, like Q1, was below year-ago levels. But we expected more progress then we saw, because we failed to identify the seasonal trend Reed spoke about earlier. To compensate for this miss, our current planning anticipates that for the remainder of the year, churn will be slightly higher than we assumed in our guidance last quarter, although we expect it to decline from Q2 levels. Given our primary objective of driving subscriber growth as quickly as possible while delivering on our earnings guidance, you might ask why we didn't pour more of this quarter's profit into higher marketing spending to increase subscriber growth. In fact, we did allocate extra money to marketing this quarter, but some of it went unspent. Why? In the past, many of you have heard us say that there is an absolute limit on how much we're willing to spend at the margin to acquire the incremental new subscriber, and this quarter we couldn't find productive ways to spend all of the incremental marketing dollars at a marginal acquisition cost that worked within the constraints of our model for subscriber lifetime value. So in that way, we self-limited our growth and produced stronger-than-expected profit in the quarter, which of course raises a critical question. Much of our discussion in the past has been based on the assumption that we can dial up profitable growth by dialing up our marketing spend. Does our inability to productively deploy additional marketing money in Q2 mean that we'll fail to do so in Q3 and Q4 as well? I don't think so, and here is why: In Q2 we made the mistake of planning to increase our marketing spending on relatively short notice. As it turned out, we needed more lead time to put all that money to work effectively. For Q3 and Q4, we've had greater visibility into the spending increase, which better positions our marketing team to deploy the money productively and cost effectively. Let me close my discussion of Q2 results with a word about SAC. We don't guide to SAC, but on the Q1 earnings call I told you we'd maintain SAC at about $40, plus or minus 10%, for the second half of the year; depending partially on how aggressively we invest to drive rapid subscriber growth. Because we plan to increase our marketing investments, you may see SAC increase next quarter. As we've already discussed, last quarter's margins were strong and churn, while slightly higher than we expected, was 40 basis points better than a year ago. So SAC works at these levels, and would even work at higher levels within the constraints of our economic model, given the margin improvement we've achieved elsewhere in our business. As this quarter's profit shows, we were able to exceed our profit guidance even at the high-end of our expectations for SAC. Now I would like to comment on our guidance for the remainder of '06. Last quarter we raised the low-end of our year end subscriber guidance from 5.9 million subs to 6.3 million subs. On last quarter's call, I reported that before we raised guidance, our forecast model said net income was running ahead of our $30 million to $35 million guidance for the full year 2006. So, we redeployed those additional earnings into marketing to drive faster subscriber growth, which increases the value of our business by accelerating future profitability and raised our guidance for year-end subs and full-year revenue. Because we've significantly outperformed our forecast year-to-date, our commitment to deliver $30 million to $35 million in full-year earnings has become front-end loaded, which means that some Street estimates for Q3 and Q4 are above our expectations for second-half earnings. As we've said consistently for some time now, we're focused on growing as fast as we can within the parameters of our earnings objectives in order to reach 20 million subscribers and position the Company to lead the expansion into Internet downloading. So, we'll redeploy the excess earnings from the first half of the year to achieve strong subscriber growth in the second half of the year. In closing, I'd like to say a few words about the secondary offering we completed last quarter. In late April we raised roughly $100 million in a secondary offering of stock. Some investors have wondered why a company with no debt, strong cash flow, and $200 million in free cash would raise additional cash. The short answer is because we are building cash reserves to help us compete in a world with Internet delivery of movies against substantially larger companies with much stronger balance sheets. From time to time you may see us issue additional stock, and from time to time you may see us buy back stock. But over time, you'll see us accumulate cash to position the Company to compete for content in a world with Internet delivery of movies. In summary, in the second quarter we saw acceleration in year-over-year subscriber growth and revenue growth, despite a decline in ASP and a modest increase in churn, which pushed us below the midpoint of our subscriber guidance for the first time ever as a public company. And to be clear, we're not satisfied with that result. At the same time, Q2 was the most profitable quarter in our history: the most profitable pre-tax quarter ever, and our most profitable second quarter ever. Scale economies in our business and gross margin expansion more than offset the growth in marketing expense as a percent of revenue. We believe this long-term structural trend in our business is a key competitive advantage as we pursue our goals of 20 million Netflix subscribers and 50% year-over-year earnings growth. That concludes my prepared remarks, and now we'll open the phones to questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel: Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions on content costs. Barry, I think you said something -- and I may have misheard it -- about nonrecurring content cost-savings helping the margin. I'm just curious if you could elaborate on that and when we could expect those to stop recurring? Also, if you could discuss revenue sharing versus the studios where you're purchasing disks: any trends there in terms of costs? Whether you're getting better rev share terms or whether you're benefiting from lower catalog DVD costs, et cetera. Just a comment on content costs would be great.
Barry McCarthy: Sure. Gordon, I'll do the first part of the question, and I'll ask Reed to do the second part. From time to time, generally around end of term, there can be some one-time items that occur in the content area. We've had some in the past. We had a couple this quarter. I don't think we've ever commented on the size of those items, and I'm hesitant to do it this quarter. I would say they weren't material, but worthy of mention.
Reed Hastings: No real difference in our relationships and terms; some studios prefer revenue share, some purchase catalog pricing. DVD pricing has been essentially the same pricing for ten full years now since launch in '97, so really no change. What does continue to improve is our ability to match people with the right content, to create value by merchandising catalog well. There's no big inflection point; we've just steadily gotten better each quarter at that.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel: As far as the rev share goes, to the extent you're renewing rev share agreements, are you trying to work digital into the mix, or is that a separate negotiation?
Reed Hastings: It varies by studio. With some studios they put those two groups together in one, and in some studios those are very different groups. You get an introduction to the other group, but it's no more than that.
Gordon Hodge - Thomas Weisel: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you would talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the advertising opportunities? You continue to learn more there, both as you take advantage of the advertising space on the mailers more, as well as some of the tests that you're doing on the site.
Barry McCarthy: The mailers are sold out. Incremental revenue opportunities will come from potentially an increase in pricing; and secondly, to the extent we are able to develop revenues with advertising online. Having said that, our number one priority is to ensure that the Netflix subscribers have a great user experience. If we can find a way for advertising to coexist comfortably on the site without disrupting that experience, then we'll continue to pursue those opportunities. For the foreseeable future we'll limit the kind of advertising we accept on the site to movie-related content, and in that way we'll self-limit that revenue opportunity.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Does the very limited rollout that you've done in advertising on the site, does that suggest anything about what you've learned and maybe cause you to be more cautious about whether or not that's actually a real opportunity for you longer-term?
Barry McCarthy: We are launched online, after a period of extensive testing. So we are comfortable we found a way for it to coexist well as part of the Netflix user experience. We're working on growing the revenues associated with online advertising as we speak.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Safa Rashtchy - Piper Jaffray.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: This is Paul Bieber for Safa. I was wondering if there's a specific area where you encountered difficulties spending the marketing dollars? Was it in TV, search display, or was it across the board?
Reed Hastings: It's really a phenomena of allocating the money to marketing late. So, there's a spot market in each of these areas that's not representative generally of the underlying condition. So the spot market was not in all of those areas; there was no place to put the money that was as cost-effective as we insist upon. So we saved it up to spend in Q3 and Q4. When we give the marketing group advance notice, as little as 90-days advance notice, then they're very confident of their ability to invest it smartly. So think of it as just a timing issue.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: I have a quick follow-up. Can you comment on whether the usage patterns at the lower price points are similar in terms of renting new releases versus catalog DVDs of the other programs?
Barry McCarthy: They are essentially, yes.
Paul Bieber - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tony Wible - Citigroup.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: I was hoping we can go over once again -- I know you went into it at the end of the call there -- the thought process between the marketing ad budget and the SAC. Are you guys saying that you target a solid marketing dollar now that you look ahead, or are you focusing on SAC? If it is a SAC number, is there a point at which you would say that there is a ceiling there?
Reed Hastings: About a year ago at our Analyst Day, we went through our evolution at that point going forward to target an absolute marketing dollar. So, we allocate to our group a total amount of money to be spent. So that's definitely the way that we do it. However, they look at it also on a marginal basis, which is simply because it's in the budget, doesn't mean that they should spend it. So, for example, it doesn't get them to go buy Super Bowl ads, because we don't believe that that would be cost effective. So then they would just hold it back, we'd have more earnings than we thought and we'd spent it in later quarters when we can get more advance notice.
Barry McCarthy: As the quarter unfolds, when we update our forecast, we think we're running ahead of forecasted profitability in the quarter. It may be that Leslie Kilgore and I will sit down and explore ways in which the marketing team could deploy those monies productively to acquire more subscribers. Depending on the timing, the amount and opportunities they have, she may or may not decide that they can put that money to work productively.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Thanks. Outside of the advertising, you had a lot of scale benefits that accrued in some of the other line items. Is there anything that you foresee in the next six months that would cause some of those scale benefits to persist?
Barry McCarthy: Only two line item comes to mind specifically: tech and dev, and the gross margin line. Let's do tech and dev first. We continue to spend aggressively to support Internet downloading of movies, and that spending will continue to scale. Those increases will be reflected in the tech and dev line, one. Two, if we outperform our forecast for profit, there are several ways we could deploy that money in the business. One is in the acquisition of new subs and the second is investing in providing a better user experience for Netflix subscribers, including in the area of content. To the extent we do that, the improvements we've seen in gross margin may moderate some. If they do, we should see the benefits in improved word of mouth, which will be reflected in possibly faster subscriber growth or lower subscriber acquisition costs, or a combination of both.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Great. To be clear, the net income guidance you provided does take into account the rollout of a download solution, or the investments in download for this year?
Barry McCarthy: Yes.
Tony Wible - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glen Reid - Bear Stearns.
Glen Reid - Bear Stearns: You talked a little bit about competition, both from the digital download emerging services, as well as Blockbuster Online and all the in-store ads. How do you view your competitive positioning relative to Blockbuster's in-store promotional model, and perhaps the lower SAC that they have? I guess we'll hear relatively shortly what their subscribers look like. Given that in-store option, how do you think of that in terms of your competitive positioning? Secondly, just on the digital download, it's all very nascent at this point, but there's been some chatter in the trade press about Amazon and, of course, Apple and iTunes getting in there. I'm curious to hear your thoughts on at what point you think those types of services, big players like that, start to have an impact and how you think you'd change your strategy, if at all, to respond. Thanks.
Reed Hastings: In terms of Blockbuster's online efforts, the rental market is about $8 billion. If we think about four, six or eight years from now and we take an aggressive case and say it's all online and that ASPs by then with that big a market, stripped it down to $13, then that's about 50 million subscribers to add up to $8 billion of revenue. So there's a lot of room here for us to be hugely successful online and for Blockbuster to be reasonably successful in the number of subscribers. Their handicap is figuring out what to do with all the store real estate and how to make that evolution. But I think they've definitely gotten religion, that online is the path to the future. What they're doing is quite courageous; it's like going into a Southwest terminal and seeing something that says take Greyhound or something that's the opposite. You go into the store and it tells you to rent online. So it's a pretty extraordinary situation. What it's doing is growing the total online market faster than we thought possible. But except for a SAC impact on the margin, again we accelerated our growth this quarter from 61% last quarter to 62% year-over-year this quarter. So it's not coming out of us, it's coming out of store-based renters, which is most of the market, given that we're only 1 billion out of that 8 billion for this year. Your second question's on there's a lot of chatter about Apple, Amazon, et cetera. There is, and they'll launch services over the next month or next year. It will be a big competitive market. But again, if you look at music, where there's really great solutions for online music, and you think five years after the launch of these services, 90% of the revenue is plain old music CDs, that gives you a feel for how slowly consumers evolve to the solutions of which we in the elite tend to think are mainstream. They're not. So we really don't face any material risks in terms of digital downloading in the near term, in the next three to five years. In the long term there certainly is risk, and in the long term, steadily over this time, we're working on digital downloading to lead that market. But there's no effective competition from downloading today. As you know, the services that exist today that are well implemented, the movie download services, have had no traction over the last three years. So that's another independent indicator. Again, it's not because of mis-execution, which could always be fixed, it's because the rights for movies are mostly tied up in long-term contracts, and that the Internet doesn't get to the television in most homes in America. So those will be two long-term problems that take five to 15 years to fix, and that's when you'll see the market really start to evolve in digital.
Barry McCarthy: Let me just jump in and observe that the market for licensing of content is bifurcated between TV content and feature film. So PVRs have done a tremendous job of disrupting the business model for television broadcast content, and that is becoming rapidly available on the Internet for download. But the content that they're waiting for is feature film content, and that is not.
Glen Reid - Bear Stearns: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Barry, I was hoping you could just clarify on the gross margins. I just want to go back to what the upside drivers really were during the quarter, if it was to be more on specific revenue-sharing trends, or more on the usage levels. Can you give us some more clarity on usage levels on a year-over-year and QtoQ basis, at least directionally? Thank you.
Barry McCarthy: I think the answer is in three parts. Usage was about what we expected. It's hard to have an informed conversation about usage levels as compared with prior years, because the customer mix is changing so quickly that it's almost impossible to normalize for. So the metric that we look at internally is revenue per paid disk shipment. As I indicated on the call, that revenue on a year-over-year basis actually increased. Now, since we don't disclose how many discs we've shipped to end customers, investors can't calculate that metric. But it helps inform us enormously about usage trends and the viability of the lower-priced plans that we've launched. Specifically with respect to margin improvement in the quarter, we had margin expansion on a year-over-year basis, both with respect to content costs and with respect to fulfillment costs; the fulfillment costs being reduction in the cost per disk shipment, so a reduction in operating costs. About 80% of the improvement in margin year-over-year came from content, with the balance coming from reduction in operating costs, which are scale-related.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: Thanks. One of the questions is that with the extra money that you've made in Q2, it seems like there could be the potential for higher subscriber growth in the second half. So are you just being conservative on that? Are you worried about how Blockbuster might spend on marketing in the second half? Just two quick questions on accounting: G&A, if you exclude stock-based comp, declined about $1 million sequentially. Was there a one-time driver behind that, or is G&A just getting some leverage there? Also, full-year tax rate, you had said, I believe 41% to 42%, and it's come in lower than that. Can you give us an update on the effective tax rate? Thanks.
Reed Hastings: I don't think it's conservative, I think it's pragmatic in terms of the subscriber guidance. Because again, two years ago, 2004 our net ads were 1 million. Last year, 2005, they were 1.6 million. This year we're forecasting them at least 2.1 million. So that's a pretty healthy increase in net subscriber growth at the goal points of at least 6.3 million. So I don't think that's conservative, I think it's a hugely positive outcome. I'll turn over to Barry on the accounting question.
Barry McCarthy: There were two questions, as I recall Jim, and correct me if I'm wrong. One was on G&A, were there one-time items? There were. As you know, we've been involved in some litigation on what's referred to as the Chavez matter. We were required to re-notice our subscriber base. We did that. The response rates to that re-notice were lower than we had expected, and so we adjusted downward some reserves that we'd taken associated with that matter, and that decreased G&A spending in the quarter. With respect to the tax rate, it was about 38% in the quarter due to some stock option exercising, and I would expect it for the balance of the year to be in the 40% range.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: So for the full year we should expect 40%, or for the second half 40% effective?
Barry McCarthy: For the second half.
Jim Friedland - Cowen & Co.: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Co.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Co.: Thank you very much. Not to beat a dead horse here, but if you look at gross margin, what is embedded in your guidance versus the 37% you just had in this quarter?
Barry McCarthy: We don't guide to gross margin. We don't guide to gross margin, so we have the flexibility to take it up or down, depending on where we think incremental investing during the quarter best serves us. It could be marketing, it could be service improvements. If it were service improvements and we were to significantly increase our investment in content, depreciation might go up and that would impact gross margin. We might grow faster because of it, but if we guided to a specific number, as we used to do historically, then the Street is unhappy that we miss and we're spinning our wheels trying to explain the strategic advantage and the tactical decision we made. So we just walked away from giving gross margin guidance as a consequence.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Co.: I understand that. On the ARPU, ARPU was down by our math by around $0.70 or so, to $16.36 from $17.06. I think you said in your prepared remarks that the $5.99 service accounted for less than 5% of gross ads. But that also implies then that the majority of the subs did not come at $17.99, so they came somewhere at the $11.99 or the $14.99. Does that make sense?
Reed Hastings: The most popular plan for gross subscriber addition remains the three-out $17.99 plan, but the other lower price plans are also very popular and have been for a while.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Co.: From a relative basis, you're seeing more success with the lower priced plans, the $11.99, $14.99, than you're seeing with the $17.99. Is that fair?
Reed Hastings: Only if you comp it against last year when those programs were new. But if you look on an absolute basis, again, as Barry said, the $17.99 has remained the most popular program.
Youssef Squali - Jeffries & Co.: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates.
Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates: Thank you and good afternoon. A couple of things. One, beating dead horses, I guess, when we talk about usage at $17.99, $14.99 and $11.99, if we make an assumption that the $17.99 customer gets six discs per month, can you comment relative to that, what the two lower-priced ones do? Do they do the same six or do they drop down?
Barry McCarthy: We're not going to comment on that.
Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates: Just directionally, do they come up to that same level?
Barry McCarthy: We're not going to come comment on it at all.
Reed Hastings: What we have said in the past is that the contribution profit from the $9.99 plus profit in absolute dollars, is approximately equal.
Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates: Okay. As you look at the DVD library, it went up marginally in the second quarter versus the end of the first quarter, and your acquisitions were down a little bit, but still up significantly more than what you added to the library. Is there an expectation here that the number of discs in the library will level off at some point, and can you elaborate where that might be?
Reed Hastings: Most of what you're seeing is simply due to seasonality in theatrical output coming to DVD. So historically, studios don't release the biggest hits in Q2. It tends to be Q4 and Q1, around the Christmas season. So there's no fundamental change or improvement in the way that we're buying or using content.
Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates: At what point do you start expecting to make high-def DVDs available in either format, and what sort of an impact do you expect from that?
Reed Hastings: We launched about two or three months ago HD DVD, so that went live. And then about a month ago we launched Blu-ray, along with those format launches. There's only a few dozen titles, so it's pretty inconsequential financially. In general, our view is that high-definition, adoption of either format over the next five years will be fairly slow and steady. So at the current estimates of what the prices will be, there will be no visible impact on the P&L.
Barry McCarthy: I want to expand on Reed's response to the first part of your question with respect to usage under the plans and margin under the plans. We haven't actually updated investors on the comparability of contribution margin between the plans since the quarter when we first introduced the plans, and there were many questions about it. They were comparable at the time, but all of those plans have moved around quite a bit since. The gross margin, obviously, is more attractive, higher on the lower-price plans and the contribution profit margin on the lower-price plans is higher than the $17.99 plan. That is contributing to the increase year-over-year and QoverQ in gross margin. But it's also true that we're making a higher margin on lower revenue, and so in some instances, it's possible that we're making fewer dollars of absolute profit. That begs the question: why are we launching the plans, and aren't we leaving money on the table? The answer is we launched the plans because we are acquiring subscribers at lower price points that we wouldn't otherwise get. So of course, given the choice between signing up a subscriber at $11.99 or signing up a subscriber at $17.99, we would much prefer to sign one up at $17.99. But that's not the choice. The question is, do you get someone at $11.99 or not? So, by introducing the lower-priced plans, we're trying to capitalize on demand elasticity and grow the overall size of the market, and we think that's happening.
Dennis McAlpine - McAlpine Associates: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Barton Crockett - JP Morgan.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Great, thank you very much. I wanted to ask you a question about Blockbuster. If you could give us a little bit more color on what you were seeing out of their marketing approach that influenced your SAC spending? I know a lot of what they were doing was in-store, and presumably that wouldn't affect you. But maybe there was more online advertising. Related to that, in the first quarter you had as good a read, I think, as anyone as what they were going to do for net subscriber additions. Do you have any thoughts about their ability in the second quarter to hit their goal to grow net subs sequentially? Leaving that aside, turning to the movie downloading initiative, could you talk a little bit about strategically how you see proprietary linking to devices, like what Apple does right now with music and iTunes, how you see that playing out in movies, whether there could be a comparable linking that might be material in this business, or whether it's too early even to really think about that?
Reed Hastings: We said that Blockbusters effect on our SAC was the lesser of the two affects; our increased spending being the dominant one. Blockbuster was spending online, I don't think much on TV, but online and then, of course, in store. Second, you asked about how will Blockbuster do this quarter. We don't know specifically. They'll report soon and we'll all find out. But it's a big market, and I think that they will be quite comfortable getting their 2 million subscribers that they set out as the goal, because it's growing the total online market. Third, you asked about proprietary downloading architectures. We'll give an update on our strategy on all of the downloading areas on the January conference call, so I'm going to hold off to answering that until then.
Barton Crockett - JP Morgan: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Good afternoon, thank you for taking the call. Two if I might. First, revisiting the usage, can you talk about your overall trend in usage per month across the different price plans? Then, if you looked at it on a like-for-like basis, or $17.99 versus $17.99, the new subs that you're getting today versus a year ago and two years ago, are you still seeing that boost in usage rates when they first sign on whenever margins are a over-pressured, or does that trend level off?
Barry McCarthy: Usage does come down over time after an initial boost of enthusiasm, just as churn comes down over time, regardless of your plan. So the trends that we saw previously in the business continue today. I don't have any specific comments to make about historical trends in usage at the plan level.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Secondly, on the churn rate, chalking it up to seasonality, and that you hadn't seen that in the past, what gives you the confidence that this time around that the boost up in churn here was a result of natural seasonality?
Reed Hastings: What gives us the confidence is that in the warmer areas -- Atlanta, Houston, Los Angeles, San Diego -- there was no increase in churn. It was isolated to the colder areas. When we look back in prior years, we can see the same phenomena in '04 and '05, it's just that we had never looked for it because we weren't trying to explain anything, because in those years we had large churn changes either from the competitive climate or from our own price increase. So now we're able to see it, we're able to model it and we'll model it in for next year as we should.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: But on the other hand, you did expect churn to be higher than you had originally expected in the second half of the year. What is the cause for that?
Barry McCarthy: Churn is one of those metrics, from a modeling standpoint, that's very difficult to recover from if you forecast it incorrectly. Meaning if you're excessively aggressive, and then you find yourself in the unfortunate situation of being below the midpoint in terms of subscribers, and having unhappy investors in a quarter in which you've got record profit and accelerating growth. So I think we would serve the interests of the Company and investors well if we were appropriately conservative, slightly less aggressive, in the way we model churn in the business, so we don't find ourselves in those circumstances. So that that is why in terms of our guidance being less aggressive than it was previously.
Daniel Ernst - Hudson Square Research: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Charles Wolf - Needham & Company.
Charles Wolf - Needham & Company: I'd like to go back to marketing spend. Is it simplistic to think of it as spending until marginal revenues equal marginal cost? A related question is, can you differentiate between the customer acquisition costs of a $9.99 plan from a $17.99 plan?
Barry McCarthy: This is as simplistic as thinking about marginal revenue equals marginal cost, although we don't spend up to the point at which the marginal cost equals the marginal contribution profit from a subscriber. That feels overly aggressive to us, but in theory, is the model that caps the amount of money we're willing to spend at the margin to bring in a subscriber. We don't attribute cost by plan; that's generally not how we market the service. There's a lead price point. People come in, they arrive at a landing page that offers them choice. So in summary, how do we think about it, we think about managing to average values.
Charles Wolf - Needham & Company: Okay. As a follow-up, do you find there is much migration from a lower-price plan to higher-price plans over time, or do people just simply stay with the plan they're on?
Reed Hastings: Mostly they just stay with the plan that they're on. We're experimenting with making it more and more convenient to upgrade and downgrade. Those are on the margin effects as opposed to significant upside.
Charles Wolf - Needham & Company: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time I will turn the call back over to Mr. Reed Hastings for any closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Thank you all for listing. Again, to restate what I said before, we recognize that DVD will not last forever, but it really will be dominant for a very, very long time and we are incredibly excited about continuing to grow the DVD rental business as we gain a great position to expand into digital downloading. Thank you all very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.
To sponsor a Seeking Alpha transcript click here:

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-24 18:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Deborah Crawford, Director, Investor Relations Reed Hastings, President and Chief Executive Officer Barry McCarthy, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
